DatasecurityWebfailThe Webfail Entertainment GmbH (hereinafter referred to as Webfail) operates several websites including webfail.com and is committed to protecting personal data. Webfail processes personal data only if data processing is permitted by law or consent has been granted to process data. We will not pass on personal data - except where we are obliged to do so on the basis of legal provisions. By using our services you agree to our terms.Controller: Webfail Entertainment GmbH, Magirus-Deutz-Straße 2, 89077 Ulm. Contact: privacy@webfail.comData gathering and processingWebsite accessBy simply accessing the website no personal data will be stored on our servers. For statistical purposes we use the Scalable Centralised Measuring System (SCM - German: Skalierbare Zentrale Messsystem (SZM)) as well as Google Analytics. You’ll find more information about the data collected in the specific section. Webfail cannot establish a connection between a person and the data by these services.Registering a member accountDuring the registration we only ask for a minimum amount of data to be able provide the functions used later on.During the registration on the website via e-mail we will ask for a username, a password and a e-mail address which we will store. The password will be stored as a hash.During the registration via Facebook the Facebook id and - if the access had been granted - your first name, your last name and the e-mail address will be stored. We will also try to create a username for Webfail by using the first name - if the access had been granted - stored on Facebook. Otherwise a username will be created automatically. In both cases the username can be changed at any time.The e-mail address will be used e.g. for the „forgot password“ function. If you registered via Facebook you can use the member account without Facebook if you provided us access to your e-mail address.The data can be changed in the settings of the member account at any time.The personal data will be stored as long as the member account exists. The member account can be deleted any times in the settings without giving reasons.Uploading contentOn our website you have the possibility to upload own contents. These contents will be connected to your personal member account. After uploading contents they will be accessible publicly on the internet.Members can delete their uploaded contents at any time.Sending content to usBesides this you can also submit your content directly to us, for example via Facebook or e-mail. If we are using the contents they will be accessible publicly on the internet.The consent can be withdrawn at any time.CookiesThis website uses cookies. Cookies are a small text files which are stored on your device. Your browser accesses these files. Using cookies improves the user friendliness and security of this website. We use cookies for:The identification of a member.Storing settings for the delivery of the website.Besides us by accessing the websites cookies can be used by service providers (e.g. for statistics and advertising) to safeguard our legitimate interests. You’ll find more information about it in the specific sections.Common browsers provide a setting not to accept cookies and prohibit their storage. There you can block cookies in general or e.g. only cookies from third parties. You can also delete or change cookies in your browser at any time.Note: There’s no guarantee that all functions of this website will work properly when cookies cannot be stored.ModificationsWe update the data privacy policy when changing the data processing. The data privacy policy is publicly accessible under https://de.webfail.com/privacy. If a change requires your consent there will be a notice on the website or if activated we will inform you via the e-mail stored in your member account. Your continued access and use of our services after a change will constitute your acceptance of such change.Links to other websitesThis website sets links to other websites and apps. When you click on these links Webfail has no more influence on the data storage and usage of these websites and apps. You’ll find more information about the data collection and usage in the data privacy policy of the respective provider. As we have no influence on the data collection of third parties we can’t take any responsibility for it. As far as technically possible we try to label external links as such.RightsYou have the right to receive information about your stored data free of charge. If your wish doesn’t collide with the legal obligation to store data, you have the right to rectification, the right to object, the right to erasure, the right to restriction of processing and the right to data portability of your stored data. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.You have the right to withdraw your consent with effect for the future.Concerning these kinds of inquiry, please consult privacy@webfail.com. Please note that we have to make sure that the inquiry is sent from the respective data subject. Scalable Centralised Measuring SystemOur website uses the measurement method („SZMnG“) of the INFOnline GmbH to determine statistical values about the usage of our services. The goal of this measurement is to specify the number of visits on our website, the amount of visitors on our website and their surfing habits - based on a unified standard process - in order to receive market-wide comparable values.For all digital offers which are members of the Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e.V. (IVW – http://www.ivw.eu) or take part at studies of the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online-Forschung e.V. (AGOF - http://www.agof.de) usage statistics are processed regularly to measure reach via the AGOF and the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Media-Analyse e.V. (agma - http://www.agma-mmc.de) and are published under the performance value „Unique User“ as well as via the IVW with the performance values „Page Impression“ and „Visits“. These reach and statistics can be seen on the respective websites.Legal basis for the processing The measurement using the measurement method SZMnG of the INFOnline GmbH is taken place because of legitimate interest based on Art. 6 Para. 1 point f GDPR. Purpose of the processing of personal data is to create statistics and build categories of users. The statistics are used to understand and verify the usage of our service. The user categories are the basis to provide advertising materials or rather advertising measures based on their interest. The marketing of this website requires a measurement which is essential to compare with other market players. Our legitimate interest arises from the commercial exploitability of the resulting knowledge from these statistics and user categories and the market value of our website - especially directly compared to third party websites - which can be determined by these statistics. Furthermore we have a legitimate interest to provide the pseudonymised data of INFOnline, AGOF and IVW for the purpose of market research (AGOF, agma) and statistical purposes (INFOnline, IVW). Further on we have a legitimate interest to provide the pseudonymised data of INFOnline for the further development and provision of advertising materials based on interests.Types of dataINFOnline GmbH collects the following data which contain personal references according to the EU-GPDR:IP address: On the internet every devices needs to have a unique address in order to transfer data, called IP address. Even the brief storage of the IP address is technically necessary due to the operating principle of the internet. The IP addresses are shortened by 1 byte before any processing takes place and is only processed anonymously. There’s no further storage or processing of unabridged IP addresses.A random created client-identifier: For recognition purposes the reach processing uses either a cookie with the identifier „ioam.de", a „local storage object“ or it uses a signature based on the automatically submitted data from your browser. This identifier is unique for a browser as long as the cookie or the local storage object doesn’t get deleted. A measurement of data and the subsequent assignment is therefore also possible if you visit a website which also makes use of the measurement method („SZMnG“) of INFOnline GmbH. The validity of the cookies is limited to a maximum of 1 year.Use of the dataThe measurement method of INFOnline GmbH, which is used on this website, collects usage data. This happens to determine the performance values Page Impressions, Visits and Clients and to build further figures likes qualified clients. Furthermore the measured data will be used for:A so-called geolocalisation, which means the assignment of a website visit to the place where the visits takes place. This happens solely on basis of anonymized IP addresses only up to the geographic level of federal states / regions. It is not possible to draw conclusions to a specific whereabout of a user based on this collected geographic info.The usage data of a technical client (e.g. a browser on a device) will be merged across the boundaries of the websites and stored in a database. These information will be used for a technical estimation of the socioinformation age and gender and will be transferred to service providers of the AGOF for further reach processings. Sample tests are taking place as a part of the AGOF-study to technically determine sociocharacteristics of the following categories: age, gender, nationality, professional activity, marital status, basic information about the household, household income, residence, internet usage, online interests, usage location, usage type.Storage period of the dataThe complete IP address will not be stored by INFOnline GmbH. The shortened IP address will be stored for a maximum of 60 days. The usage data in relation to the unique identifier will stored for a maximum of 6 months.Disclosure of dataThe IP address as well as the shortened IP address will not be passed on. For the creation of the AGOF-study data with client-identifiers will be passed on to the following service providers of the AGOF:Kantar Deutschland GmbH (https://www.tns-infratest.com/)Ankordata GmbH & Co. KG (http://www.ankordata.de/homepage/)Interrogare GmbH (https://www.interrogare.de/)Rights of the data subjectThe data subject has the following rights:Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)Right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR)Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18f GPDR)Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)Concerning these kinds of inquiry, please consult privacy@webfail.com. Please note that we have to make sure that the inquiry is sent from the respective data subject.The data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Further information concerning data privacy in the measurement method can be found on the website of INFOnline GmbH (https://www.infonline.de) which operates the measurement method, the data privacy website of AGOF (http://www.agof.de/datenschutz) and the data privacy website of IVW (http://www.ivw.eu).Right to objectIf you don’t want to take part at the measurement you can object under the following link: https://optout.ioam.deTo guarantee the exclusion of the measurement it is technically necessary to set a cookie. If you delete the cookies in your browser, it is necessary to repeat the opt-out-process on the link above.Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. This service is used to analyze the website usage by users.Google is certified under the privacy-shield (see hier) and guarantees the compliance with European data protection law.The measurement using Google Analytics is taken place because of legitimate interest based on Art. 6 Para. 1 point f GDPR.We activated the IP anonymization in Google Analytics. The IP address of the user will be shortened. Due to this shortening the personal reference of your IP address lapses. The IP anonymization/masking takes place as soon as data is received by the Analytics Collection Network, before any storage or processing takes place.Google Analytics uses cookies. The data collected by these cookies will normally be sent and stored at a Google server in the US.You have the possibility to deny the storage of the cookie on your device by setting an option in your browser. It is not guaranteed that you can use all functions and services of this website when your browser denies cookies.By using a special browser-plugin you can prevent that the collected data (including your IP address) gets sent to Google and processed there. The following link leads to the plugin: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=enAlternatively by clicking on this link you can prevent that Google Analytics collects data about you on this website. By clicking on the link above you’re downloading an „Opt-Out-Cookie“. To use this your browser needs to allow the storage of cookies in general. If you delete your cookies on a regular basis, you need to click on this link again with each visit.Here you find further information about the data usage of Google: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=enExternal ressources and social pluginsBased on our legitimate interests we use external resources (e.g. web fonts, Javascript libraries and social plugins - hereinafter called plugins) from third parties (e.g. social networks, CDNs - hereinafter called plugin provider). The plugins provide elements (e.g. share or comment function) and contents (e.g. videos, graphics or text contributions).To ensure the function of these plugins the device has to establish a direct connection to the servers of the plugin provider in order to download the contents of the plugin. By establishing this connection usage profiles of the user could be created by the plugin provider. By calling the plugin there’s a possibility that the plugin provider gets to know the IP address and stores it. We have no influence on the amount of data collected by the plugin provider.FacebookFacebook is provided by the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland.Facebook is certified under the privacy-shield (see hier) and guarantees thereby the compliance with European data protection law.When the user is logged in at Facebook when he visits the website, Facebook can assign the visit to the respective member account. Interactions of the user with the plugin of Facebook (e.g. like, share or comment) are processed and stored by Facebook.The purpose and extent of the data collection and the further processing and usage of the data by Facebook as well as the regarding rights and configuration options regarding privacy protection, can be seen in the data protection notice by Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.Google, YouTubeGoogle and YouTube are provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.Google is certified under the privacy-shield (see hier) and guarantees thereby the compliance with European data protection law.When the user is logged in at Google when he visits the website, Google can assign the visit to the respective member account. Interactions of the user with the plugin of Google (e.g. share or video rating) are processed and stored by Google.The purpose and extent of the data collection and the further processing and usage of the data by Google as well as the regarding rights and configuration option regarding privacy protection, can be seen in the data protection notice by Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy.TwitterTwitter is provided by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.Twitter is certified under the privacy-shield (see hier) and guarantees thereby the compliance with European data protection law.When the user is logged in at Twitter when he visits the website, Twitter can assign the visit to the respective member account. Interactions of the user with the plugin of Twitter (e.g. share) are processed and stored by Twitter.The purpose and extent of the data collection and the further processing and usage of the data by Twitter as well as the regarding rights and configuration option regarding privacy protection, can be seen in the data protection notice by Twitter: https://twitter.com/de/privacy.AdvertisingThe advertisement on this website is partially optimized for you by the anonymous collection and processing of your usage behavior in order to predict interests. For this purpose cookies will be saved on the user’s device. These allow the recognition of the user but aren’t able to personally identify the user. The collection and processing is taken place because of legitimate interest based on Art. 6 Para. 1 point f GDPR. To optimize the advertisement based on your usage interests we allowed the following companies to collect and process the aforementioned usage data.Netpoint Media GmbHThis website uses the services of Netpoint Media GmbH, Rheinallee 60, 55283 Nierstein to display advertisements.More information about this - as well as the possibility to disable usage based online advertising - can be found in the data protection notice of our marketer: https://www.netpoint-media.de/technik/datenschutz.AdDefend GmbHThis website uses the services of AdDefend GmbH, Borselstrasse 3, 22765 Hamburg to display advertisements. This service uses cookies to determine if you already visited a website. You can object to its use by AdDefend by sending a e-mail to privacy@addefend.com.