Privacy and Terms of Use
You are invited to use the www.rewardgateway.com website (“the Website”) on the basis of the terms and conditions of use set out below.
Terms of Use
By entering and using the Website you are deemed to have read and accepted these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use or any part of them, you should not use the Website.
Reward Gateway may modify these Terms of Use from time to time. Your continued use of this website following such change demonstrates your agreement to be bound by the modified Terms of Use.
We will highlight any changes we make to the Terms of Use but we advise you to check the Terms of Use often. If you do not agree to any change to the Terms of Use, then you must immediately stop using the Website.
These terms of use apply exclusively to the Website and Reward Gateway accepts no responsibility for how your personal information is treated once you leave it.
1. Accuracy of Content
Reward Gateway makes every effort to ensure that the content of the Website is accurate and up-to-date, but Reward Gateway does not offer any warranties (whether express implied or otherwise) as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information appearing on the Website.
Reward Gateway may remove material from the Website at its own discretion and without giving any notice.
2. Intellectual Property
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the Website content, software and all HTML and other code contained in this Website, shall remain at all times vested in Reward Gateway and/or its licensors and is protected by copyright and other laws and international treaty provisions. Any other trademark remains the property of its respective owner(s).
Users may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, redistribute, reproduce, publish, license, commercially exploit, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material which may be displayed on the Website from time to time without first obtaining permission to do so from Reward Gateway in writing.
The Website and its contents are copyright material and the copyright is owned by Reward Gateway unless stated otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, copying the above listed materials to any other server or location for publication, reproduction or distribution is expressly prohibited.
Generally speaking, trademarks appearing on the Website are eitherowned by Reward Gateway or Reward Gateway has obtained limited use permission from the trademark owner to use the trademark on the Website. Any other third party trademarks remain the property of their respective owners.
If you wish to obtain permission to make use of any of the trademarks or other material that may be displayed on the Website from time to time please contact us. Reward Gateway shall not be responsible for seeking any additional authorisation required for third party use of any trademark not owned by or licensed to Reward Gateway for such use.
3. Prohibition on Commercial Use of Website Content
You are permitted to use the material that is displayed on the Website from time to time only as expressly authorised by Reward Gateway or its licensors.
This Website is intended to provide information relating to Reward Gateway concerns and the Website is designed for personal, non-commercial use only.
Users may not use this Website, or any of the material appearing on the Website from time to time to further any commercial purpose, including (but not limited to) advertising or to promote or generate activity on any other website.
4. Linking
Reward Gateway may from time to time include links on this Website to other websites or resources operated by parties other than Reward Gateway. These links are provided for the convenience of users and Reward Gateway is not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources, does not endorse or accept responsibility for the content of such external websites or resources and has no responsibility for or control over the privacy policy (if any) of the operators of the external websites.
You are advised to check the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policies of these external websites before entering or making use of them.
5. Limitation of Liability
The Internet is by its nature an unreliable medium. Consequently, you accept that this Website is offered on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Reward Gateway takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the Website is properly functioning at all times but Reward Gateway does not warrant that this Website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Website or the server that makes it available are free of software viruses or bugs or other defects.
By accepting these Terms of Use, you accept that Reward Gateway cannot be liable to you for any loss or damage you suffer as a result of visiting this Website or making use of the information available on the Website. You must take your own precautions (including but not limited to installing adequate protective measures to guard against software viruses and ensuring that you retain up-to-date copies of all data) to protect yourself against loss or damage.
6. Privacy Policy
Reward Gateway knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and it is careful to ensure that any such information that comes into its possession is properly looked after. This Privacy Policy sets out the steps that we take to ensure that any information provided to us is kept secure and confidential and is used only for the purposes for which it is provided.
Personal Information
The only personal information that we will collect is the personal information that you provide to us when you register with us or when you communicate with us through our website. We will at any time, at your request, provide you with a copy of any personal information that we are holding about you. This Website does not use cookies to collect information of any kind.
Purposes for which Personal Information may be used
Any personal information that you provide to us will be used only for the following purposes:

To provide information or services to you as requested by you.
To let you know about information and services from Reward Gateway in which you may be interested.
For internal review.
To improve the content of the website.
To customise the content and /or layout of the website for each individual user.
To notify users about updates to the website.
Do compile and disclose statistics about our users and their preferences. However, these statistics are anonymous and do not identify individual users.

Disclosure
We will not pass any of your personal information to any third party, other than members of Reward Gateway, without your consent.
Marketing and Advertising
No promotional offers or advertising will appear on Reward Gateway, nor will your personal contact information ever be given, sold, or otherwise shared by Reward Gateway with third parties for advertising or marketing purposes.
Protection of Information
We have implemented technology safeguards, security policies and other measures to protect data under our control from unauthorised access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction or accidental loss. We also protect your information by requiring that all our employees and others who have access to or are associated with the processing of your data to respect your confidentiality.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes here. However, if we make material changes to the way we use your personal information we will ask for your consent before we do so.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and it is completely anonymous.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
We take your privacy very seriously and comply with the recent UK and EU law on handling cookies and provide (you) the user with means to remove such cookies or prevent your computer from accepting them in the future. Use of this website implies consent to this policy. If you do not accept this policy, you should configure your browser software to block cookies, or discontinue use of the website.
Below is a table detailing the types of cookies this site employs, and their usage:



COOKIE
TYPE
DURATION
DESCRIPTION




Cookie Notice Footer
Persistent
1 Year
In the footer of each web page on this site you will see a message alerting you of our privacy and cookie policy. If you’ve seen this message once, you probably won’t want to see it again. We use a cookie to remember this setting. User data is all anonymous.


Google Analytics
 
 
To understand how people use our site, and to discover areas on our site with issues, we use Google Analytics. Most websites use some sort of analytics program like this. The data it collects helps us see things like how many people visit our site, which country they are from, how many pages they visited, how fast our site loaded, and so on. All data collected is completely anonymous, it does not identify you as an individual in any way.


Hubspot
Session, Persistent
Session, 1 Year
Our site uses Hubspot to gather additional usage data to help us improve the website, and to offer an improved and personalized experience based on user preferences. This data is completely anonymous unless you submit your contact details through our site, in which case it will identify you as a unique user in order to personalize your experience should you return. We will never share your contact information with third parties, and it is never stored as a cookie.




Headquartered in 265 Tottenham Court Road, London W1T 7RQ
+44 20 7229 0349
