

In order to comply with United States regulations limiting online danger to children under 13 years of age, we hereby post this privacy policy.


Information about cookies is also provided here for compliance of EU Directive 2002/58 Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendment) Regulations 2011.

Privacy policy

Brickset is sensitive to the privacy of members, and will NEVER
distribute or share personal information of any registrant with any companies
or non-Brickset administrators.

Information Collected

Using Brickset's database, searching and reading reviews: No
information is collected about users.
Recording your collection, commenting, posting and rating reviews etc.: In order interact with the site a user account is needed for which a valid e-mail address is required.
The email address will be kept secure, will not be visible on the site,
will not be distributed to others. No other information other than a nickname and an e-mail address is
required in order to register.


We only collect and keep the minimum amount of information necessary to perform the
functions of Brickset. For example, if a user forgets their password they can
request a reminder to be sent to the email address that they registered with. No information collected by
Brickset, passively or actively, will be distributed to third parties.


Parents of a child who has joined Brickset can ask us for access to, or to
remove, the information pertaining to the child upon reasonable proof that the
requestor is in fact the parent or guardian of that user.

Want to contact us?

Maintaining online safety and privacy is a prime concern of Brickset's operators. If you have a concern about the privacy of you or your child,
please contact us.

Cookies
Brickset does not currently ask for your permission before sending you cookies but instead provides the information below, prominently linked to from every page on the site, so as to gain your 'informed consent' to use them. 
Want to find out more about cookies?
The website All About Cookies provides comprehensive information about cookies and how you can disable them in your browser.
Brickset cookies and 3rd party cookies
When you browse Brickset, you may receive Brickset cookies from Brickset.com and Bricksetforum.com, and from 3rd party sites, such as Amazon and eBay.

Brickset does not carry advertising from ad. networks so you will not receive any 'behavioural retargeting' cookies that can have a nasty habit of tracking you as you surf the web and show you ads related to sites you've just visited.
It is this kind of annoying behaviour that the regulations are trying to control.

You can opt out of receiving some of the 3rd party cookies and information on how to do so is provided below.
Affiliate marketing cookies
Brickset is free for everyone to use, but it costs time and money to run. It is funded by affiliate, or performance, marketing. Cookies are essential for this to function. When you click on links to Amazon, eBay and LEGO.com, for example, you may receive cookies that help the site remember that you've visited from Brickset so that your activity (buying or bidding on things) is attributed to Brickset, which then receives a small commission.
You can find out more about performance marketing and the way it uses cookies at the Internet Advertising Bureau's site, Online Performance Marketing, Cookies and You.
Types of cookies in use
When cookies are created they are given a lifespan. They either live for the length of your browser session, or for longer: 

Session cookies are created when you start a browser session at Brickset, and deleted when you end it.
Persistent cookies are created for analytical purposes, or in response to actions or choices you take at Brickset and are saved so that, for example, your preferences are set the next time you visit the site.

The cookies created by Brickset fall into four categories:

Essential, or 'strictly necessary' cookies are needed for the site to function.
Functional cookies are used to support site features, such as your viewing preferences on the set listings. They tend to be persistent so that, for your convenience, your choices are remembered next time you visit the site.
Analytical cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. 
3rd party cookies are created by sites other than Brickset and are used to support features such as affiliate marketing and social bookmarking.

Detailed list of cookies
The table below lists the cookies you may be sent as you use Brickset and provides links for more information including, in some cases, how to opt out of receiving them.
If you don't want to receive cookies when using Brickset
Please either visit All About Cookies to find out how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, or do not use Brickset.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about cookies or your privacy when using Brickset, please contact us.

