 Your privacy is important to us, so Tuugo has created this Privacy Policy to explain how your information is protected, collected and used. Tuugo is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.This Privacy Policy applies to all Tuugo web sites, including our publicly accessible web sites located at Tuugo.com ("Tuugo").This Privacy Policy is effective since 24/05/2018  to comply with the new general regulation of data protection of the European Union (RGPD) of May 25, 2018.This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. By using Tuugo, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and are aware that our policies may evolve in the future. If there is a conflict between our Terms of Use governing your use of the Site and this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use will prevail.Table of Contents:01. Collection02. Use03. Disclosure04. Using Information from Tuugo05. Access, Modification, and Deletion06. Security07. Cookies08. Third-party links09. For California Residents Only10. General01. Collection.Information posted on Tuugo is obviously publicly available. Our servers are located in Germany.Therefore, if you choose to provide us your personal information, you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information onto our servers on the Germany.Owner and data controller:Tuugo C.V. Inzhenernyy LN 9, 61145Kharkiv, Ukraine Contact for comments, suggestions and queries  support@tuugo.comor any legal issue please use  legal@tuugo.comWe collect information from you when you:- Register into our site- Fill out a form- Respond to our surveys- Subscribe to our newsletterWe collect and store the following personal information:- name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and (depending on the service used) financial information;- computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from Tuugo and listing data (all through cookies – see Cookies section);- demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests- other information, including users IP address and standard web log information.You may, however, visit our site anonymouslyDetailed information of data  collected on tuugo forms and sections:User registration:emailpasswordip (for security reasons)Posting businesses:company name *description *company logofone, mobile, fax, company website url, social networks urls (facebook, twitter, linkedin, google+)country*, town*, city*, address *, postal codepayment optionscompany photoscampaigns and invoices of featured companiesUser profile:User name* (user is able to don't show this information)user photodate of birthgendercountry *, city*personal address, postal codephone numberpersonal social network urls (facebook, twitter, google+, linkedin)interests, personal presentationeducation center, descriptionworks, works location, category, position, description of workimported data of another websites like facebook or linkedin.Posting products/services:Product or service name *, description*price, currency, url to company websiteproduct/service photosxml or csv feeds uploaded by user of products/servicescampaigns and invoices of featured products/servicesdisabled products by userremoved products by userin new design: shipping methods, shipping addresses*Favorite lists:visited pages in tuugohistory of searches in tuugofavorites companies products and servicesin new design: boards, searches, visited pages and pins (favorite pages)Evaluations/reviews made or received in companies or productsMessages chains with other users or companies. Contact lists of users imported from another websites like facebook, google+ , yahoo or emails added manually.Translation tool:translated phrases by users.The objective of collecting all these data is for a better functioning and fulfillment of marketing objectives of companies, as well as generate and facilitate contact between business and customers, generating a better user experience in tuugo and greater security for both parties at the moment to specify a business.Only data marked with * is the minimum information required for the correct operation of tuugo, the other information is optional.The users are able to set the preferences of what kind of content should be shown in Settings section.All data could be edited, removed or downloaded by user, in control panel of user or contancting with tuugo support support@tuugo.com02. Use.Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:- To personalize your experience, and to understand your needs and provide you with a better service;- To improve our website, we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receivefrom you;- To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature;- Resolve disputes, collect fees, and solve troubleshooting issues;- Encourage safe trading and enforce our policies;- To improve customer service, your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs;- Customize users’ experience, measure interest in our services, and inform users about services and updates;- Communicate marketing and promotional offers to users;- The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions;- Do other things for users as described when we collect the information.03. Disclosure.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, corporate affiliates who help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services (our corporate affiliates will market only to users who ask them to), or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other’s rights,or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.04. Using Information from Tuugo.You may use personal information gathered from Tuugo only to contact another user about a specific posting, not to send spam or collect personal information from someone who hasn’t agreed to that.Please see our Terms of Use regarding this matter.05. Access, Modification, and Deletion.You can see, modify or erase your personal information by reviewing your posting or account status page, or deleting it from the control panel.Contact customer support (support@tuugo.com) if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.There may a charge associated with such requests but these will not exceed the amounts permitted by law. We delete personal information when we no longer need it for the purposes we described earlier. We retain personal information as permitted by law to resolve disputes, enforce our policies; and prevent misuse from third users or companies.06. Security.We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.We use a great amount of tools (encryption, passwords, physical security) to protect your personal information, and do our best effort on it, but in case of hacking, corruption of files, and other mishappenings, we do not make guarantees.07. Cookies.What is a cookie?A cookie is a small file what helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.When does Tuugo place cookies? and what are cookies used for?We use cookies on our sites and mobile application. Any browser visiting these sites will receive cookies from us.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.Categories of UseDescriptionAuthenticationIf you’re signed in to Tuugo, cookies help us show you the right information and personalize your experience.SecurityWe use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity and violations of our User Agreement.Preferences, features and servicesCookies can tell us which language you prefer and what your communications preferences are. They can help you fill out forms on Tuugo more easily. AdvertisingWe may use cookies to show you relevant advertising both on and off the Tuugo site. We may also use a cookie to learn whether someone who saw an ad later visited and took an action (e.g. downloaded a white paper or made a purchase) on the advertiser’s site. Similarly, our partners may use a cookie to determine whether we’ve shown an ad and how it performed, or provide us with information about how you interact with ads. We may also work with a partner to show you an ad on or off Tuugo, such as after you’ve visited a partner’s site or application.Performance, Analytics and ResearchCookies help us learn how well our site and plugins perform in different locations. We also use cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services, including when you access Tuugo from other websites, applications, or devices such as your work computer or your mobile device.What types of cookies does Tuugo use?cur_coords - coordinates for sorting by distance on listingspayment_done - we add this cookie after successful paypal paymentcur_loc - selected location for search page (for filters)user_city_{COUNTRY_ID} - id of town for search page (for filters)browser_id - unique code for showing activation account reminder (if user registered but didn't activated his account)sent_accuracy - how many times user sent data from inaccurate result pageinvited_from_linkedin - did user invited friends from linkedininvited_from_gmail - did user invited friends from gmailinvited_from_yahoo - did user invited friends from yahooLIVE_TRANS_MODE - is live translation mode enableddont_show_activation_reminder - if user clicked close button on activation reminder notificationresend_activation_count - count of resent activation notificationsinbox_tab - current inbox tabsuggest_to_change_email - should we show notification with suggestion tochange email (if user changed email on Facebook but in our DB we haveold email)user_is_translator - is user translation adminbecome_translator_hide - if user closed notification "Become translator"show_popup_account_activated - after activating account we show notification about successful activationshow_company_featured_notification - for notification when some company becomes featuredimported_data - for notification about successful imported data from social networkshow_email_changed_notification - notification about changed emailemail_added_success_notification - notification about added emailsecondary_email_activated - notification about successful activation of secondary emailsecondary_email_error - notification about error with secondary emailprod_selected_sort_type - selected sort option for products list page in user cPanelproduct_disabled - notification about disabled productproduct_added - notification about added productdelete_products_in_progress - notification about deleting products progressfeed_deleted - notification about deleting feedcheckout_campaign - id of just payed campaignstatistics_track - unique code per user for tracking statisticsseo__visitor - is user seo visitor (from search engine)direct__visitor - is user direct visitorreferer__visitor - is user visitor from other siteselected_lang_id - id of selected languageuser_code - unique user code for logged in user (by this code we identify logged in user)user_is_logged - is user logged in or notuser_logged_name - logged in user namecant_get_social_email_error - when we can't get email from social networkforgot_pass_emailed - notification after sending "forgot password" messageback_url - url of previous page on login pagecookiesAccepted - if user closed notification about using cookiesWhat third-party cookies does Tuugo use?Our lists some of the third party cookies on our sites. Please note that the names of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change over time. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.Cookie NameAPISIDHSIDNIDNIDSAPISIDSIDSIDCCSSIDSSID__gads__qca_gaiyabs-sidyandexuidc_userdatrfrpresencesbwdxs3rd party provider.googlegooglegooglegstaticgooglegooglegooglegooglegooglesyndicationgooglesyndicationgooglegoogleyandexyandexyandexfacebook.comfacebook.comfacebook.comfacebook.comfacebook.comfacebook.comfacebook.comFor more information about 3rd party cookies you can see:Facebook cookies policy:https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/ Google cookies policy:https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookiesGoogle analytics cookies policy:https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usageGoogle ads:https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesYandex cookies policy:https://yandex.com/support/browser/personal-data-protection/cookies.html08. Third-party links.Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.09. For California Residents Only.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.10. General.We may update this policy at any time, with updates taking effect at the next update of the policy or after 30 days, whichever is sooner. If we or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merge or acquisition, we may share personal information with anothercompany, but this policy will continue to apply.Send questions about this policy to legal@tuugo.com.