

External - Privacy and cookie policy
For customers, prospective customers and other interested parties
 
We take personal data protection seriously. Egetæpper A/S is the data controller for the information we collect about you and we ensure that your personal data is processed in accordance with legislation.
If you would like to contact us regarding our processing of personal data you can do so at: ege@ege.dk or phone + 45 97 11 88 11.
Processing of personal data
We only use general personal data, such as your name, company name, address and contact details, such as telephone and mobile number and e-mail address and to a limited extent occupation and interest categories.
Egetæpper makes use of and stores personal data in:

E-mail programmes
CRM systems
Newsletter systems
Website and online shop
Registration of Customer complaints
Mail/Courier system for deliveries of samples, etc.
ERP system for invoicing/accounting
	 

The personal data processed by us has a clear purpose and does not cover any more than is required to enable delivery of an order. The personal data is solely used internally in a business context and in collaboration with customers as well as for making contact with prospective customers.
 
Security
We have implemented the appropriate technical and organisational measures against your information being misused or processed in contravention of the legislation.
 
Purpose
The information is used to identify you as a prospective or actual customer and thereby enable us to provide the best service and provide information about news, as well as ordinary business relations.

Processing your purchase and delivery of the order
Fulfilling your order for products or services related to your order
Improvement of our products and services
Adaption of our communication and marketing to you in order to provide the best customer service
Administering your relationship with us
Compliance with legal requirements

 
Personal data is kept up to date
As our service depends on your data being accurate and up to date, we ask that you inform us of any relevant changes to your data. You may use the contact information above to notify us of your changes and we will ensure your personal data is updated.
 
Period of storage
The information is stored for the period that is permitted in accordance with the legislation and we will delete it when it is no longer necessary. The period depends on the characteristics of the information and the background for storage. It is therefore not possible to state a general time frame for when the information is deleted.
 
Disclosure of information
Disclosure of personal data does not normally occur, but should the situation arise, it will only happen with your consent. However, general information is stated in invoices and similar in accordance with the Danish Bookkeeping Act.
 
Use of cookies
When you visit our website ege.dk, and underlying pages and sub-domains, information about you is being collected, which is used to personalise and improve our content and to increase the value of the information displayed on the site. If you do not wish information to be collected, you should delete your cookies and refrain from further use of the website.

Cookies are stored on your PC, mobile or similar for the purpose of recognising it, remembering settings, performing statistics, targeting information and advertising, for example by the use of Google Analytics, as well as tracking/registering user behaviour on the website and blog, in order to make the content more user friendly and targeted to the area of interest. Cookies cannot contain malicious code such as viruses.
If you delete or block cookies, the content on the website may be less relevant to you. In addition there is a risk that the website does not function optimally as well as having content you are unable to access.
Please see additional cookie information
 
Newsletters
In connection with your registration to receive our newsletters, we will use your name, e-mail address and occupational category. We do not register any other information in connection with registration.
Using your e-mail address
Following your registration, we use your e-mail address for dispatch of newsletters containing information about current information about our products, news and other industry related issues.

We record your activity in connection with the newsletters, including whether these are opened, how long these are open, when they are deleted and whether you click on any links.
This information is used to improve and target our service to the recipient's interests.
The information is anonymised when the information about your use of the newsletter is used for statistical purposes.
Your name and e-mail will be stored until you no longer subscribe to our newsletter.
Unsubscribing from the newsletter
If you unsubscribe from our newsletters, we will delete your name and e-mail from the contact list. You can always unsubscribe from the newsletter by clicking "unsubscribe newsletter" in all newsletter e-mails.

If we have retained your information from other contexts, the information will not be affected by unsubscribing from the newsletter. We can therefore continue to process your information, as long as we are engaged in ongoing trade and contact.
All your information is deleted in connection with your unsubscription. However, anonymised data for statistical purposes will not be deleted, as this is anonymised in a manner that means it is not possible to identify it.
 
Your rights
You have the right at any given time to be informed of what data we process about you, where this comes from and what we use it for. You can exercise your rights by contacting us. Our contact information is shown at the top. 

You may also lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency.
When you contact us in order to correct or delete your personal data, we examine whether the conditions have been adhered to and if this is the case we will make any change or deletion as quickly as possible.
We will delete your personal data when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.

18th May 2018

egetæpper a/s
Industrivej Nord 25
DK-7400 Herning
Denmark
CVR no. 38454218
Tel: +45 98 11 88 11
E-mail: ege@ege.dk

