
Legal Disclaimer
Jabra supports the protection of consumer privacy on the Internet and the principles of disclosure and fair information practices. Your online privacy is a priority. Jabra respects your privacy choices. If you share personal information with Jabra, the information will be treated according to this policy. The Jabra privacy policy covers Jabra's corporate web site(s). Jabra encourages you to read this privacy policy and those of all web sites you visit. Below is a summary of Jabra's online privacy policy including types and uses of personal information provided to Jabra. 
Your personal information is used in the following ways: 
User IDs and Passwords. 
Provides you with access to your profile areas and to protected content. 
Customer Feedback, Surveys and Support. 
Provides a mechanism for requesting or providing information to Jabra. Also used to inform Jabra how products and services can be improved. 
E-mail Correspondence. 
Used to raise and respond to issues and inquiries of all types. Also used to distribute information about Jabra products and services. Jabra will not change the way your personal information is used without your consent. 
Security Measures. 
Jabra protects the personal information you make available to us. Access to your personal information is provided only to those Jabra employees who need it in the course of their job. From time to time authorized third parties may need access to some of your personal information. For example, if Jabra ships something to you, it is necessary to provide your name and address to a shipping company. We strictly limit third party access and use of your personal information. We do not otherwise share your personal information with third parties, unless you have granted us permission to do so. 
Information Firewall. 
Jabra has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under JABRA control. The Jabra web site is run on servers located in a secure location and locked in a rack. Host staff is onsite 24 hours a day, monitoring equipment and services.
Use of Data Cookies. 
Cookies are small (1KB) data entries commonly sent from a web server to a special file on your computer. It contains the name of the site you visited and information about the choices you made while you were there. If you return to that site, the server requests data back from the cookie. The Jabra web site uses "cookies." Cookies help Jabra provide a better user experience by measuring which web site areas are of greatest interest. Jabra also uses cookies when you register for on-line programs. In this situation, a cookie will store useful information that enables the Jabra web site to remember you when you return. JABRA can only read cookies placed by the Jabra web server. You can choose to disable cookies in your browser if you so desire. 
Updating Personal Information. 
If you have submitted personal information while visiting the Jabra web site, it is your responsibility to make sure your personal information is correct in our systems. Please notify us of changes to your name, address, title, telephone number or e-mail address. In most cases the web site will facilitate updating your personal information via an "Update Subscription" link. 
Product Profile and Personalization Tools. 
The Jabra web site offers qualified resellers tools that enable them to personalize online product presentations in order to make it easier to access the information that is of most interest to their customers. 
When you create a personal product profile account, you create for yourself a user name and password for future access to your profile, and you provide Jabra with personal contact information such as your name, address, phone, and e-mail address. Your user name, password and personal information will not be shared with other organizations. 
Opting Out and Unsubscribe. 
We provide users the opportunity to opt out of receiving any further communications from Jabra when they receive distributions via e-mail. At the end of each email message, instructions on how to unsubscribe and be removed from the mailing list database are included. Jabra also gives users the option of contacting Jabra at any time to remove their information from our database or to stop receiving future electronic distributions. 
Jabra Internet Protocol Reporting. 
Jabra uses your IP (Internet Protocol) address to monitor web site traffic and to help diagnose problems with our server. We do not use IP addresses to personally identify users. 
Jabra does use a log file of IP addresses to determine which areas of our site visitors like based on the volume of traffic and on aggregate geographic data. This information is used to better prepare future site content and design based on the interests of users. 
Links to Other Sites. 
The Jabra web site contains links to other telecommunication industry web sites of interest to our customers and visitors. Jabra is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites or servers. 
Jabra encourages you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) web sites you visit. 
Enter and Win Contests and Promotions. 
When you enter or participate in a Jabra sponsored on-line contest, we ask for contact information. For example: name, address, telephone number, e-mail address. Information requested will vary depending upon the contest. We will not share any of your personal information with any third parties, unless required by law, without your consent. Contest participants must be 18 years of age or older. 
Children's Privacy. 
The Jabra web site complies with general industry guidelines that promote fair information practices and protect children. We do not collect contact information from children. Nor do we entice children -- by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity -- to divulge any information. Jabra does not knowingly collect contact information from anyone under the age of 18. If Jabra learns that the company has obtained personal information on a child under the age of 18, the information will be deleted from the database. 
Jabra web site visitors must be at least 18 years old to participate in any Jabra sponsored on-line contests or giveaways. Jabra encourages parents to participate actively in their children’s Internet experience. 
Tips for parents to help make a child's online experience safer: 

Instruct children never to submit personal information online, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. 
Be aware of the sites your children are visiting and which sites are appropriate. 
Locate and read web site privacy statements. 
Know how your child's information is used.

Bluetooth 
The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by GN Audio A/S is under license.
Dolby
Dolby and the double-D symbol are registered trademarks of Dolby Laboratories

