
Communications
E-mail: 500px is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission, as detailed in the "Sharing Your Information" section below. 500px may send out emails with 500px-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions. You may also receive notification emails from 500px, which inform you of actions (e.g. “new follows”) that have been performed on the site. We send these emails to you based on receiving your consent at registration. If you do not want to receive email from us, please visit the “email Preferences” section of your User Profile and/or follow the “unsubscribe” instructions contained in each email message. However, please note that in all cases you will continue to receive all system emails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices (e.g. updates to our policies) from us unless you terminate your registration.
500px’s messenger service: The 500px messenger service allows you to communicate with other 500px users. 500px may monitor the messenger service as set forth in this Policy, but 500px does not collect any personal information through the messenger service (except as set forth in this Privacy Policy). You can stop using 500px’s messenger service at any time and/or block or report other users attempting to communicate with you through 500px’s messenger service. You are entirely and solely responsible for any information that you disclose or share with other users through 500px’s messenger service or other means. We strongly recommend that you use extreme caution in sharing any personal information with other users through 500px’s messenger service (or otherwise) and 500px is not responsible for any information that you disclose to other users through 500px’s messenger service.
500px monitors the usage of its messenger service to improve its service, but does not read private messages exchanged between users through the 500px’s messenger service unless a user has been reported for inappropriate behavior as outlined in our Terms of Use. If we receive such a report, we will only review the allegedly inappropriate communications that have been reported in order to determine whether they violate our Terms of Use and what actions we will take in response to the conduct (if any), including possibly terminating users. All users have the ability to block parties they do not wish to communicate with via 500px’s messenger service and to stop using 500px’s messenger service at any time.


Basically,
We will send you emails based on your profile settings. From time to time, we may send emails to all our users. We also won’t read your messages unless you have been reported for behaving inappropriately.

