
Scope
This statement applies to user interactions with Antarctic Division websites (sites with names ending in antarctica.gov.au or aad.gov.au).
General
The AAD website makes some use of data that directly or indirectly identifies users. We take great care with practices that affect personal privacy. AAD employees welcome feedback from their users in relation to the site’s design and practices, and to this Privacy Statement. Questions and feedback should be addressed via the feedback form.
Data collection
Data that in some way identifies the user is gathered during interactions with the AAD website in the following circumstances:

Computer information
  It is a necessary part of visiting any website, including the AAD site, that the user’s web browser provides the machine’s network identity (its IP address) to the web server, so that the server can send the reply to the correct machine. In addition, the browser type and operating system are provided, and if you clicked on a link at another site (eg a search engine) to get to our page, then the address of this referring site may be recorded.
Navigation, click-stream data and cookies
  Browsing any website, including the AAD site, generates a record of pages visited and the time at which each page was visited. The AAD web site does not store cookies on your computer, but does use ‘session cookies’, which are deleted when you close your web browser.
Searches
  Search terms that you enter into our search box are collected, but there is no link between the search terms and personal details. We look at the total numbers of searches for different topics to help understand what people are looking for on the site, so we can make improvements.
User feedback
  We seek feedback from our users in order to improve the service offered by the site. Answering feedback questions is voluntary and does not in any way affect your access to the AAD site. If you include your e-mail address as part of your feedback, it will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it, without your consent.
Information provided for specific purposes (eg ASAC grants)
  Information solicited for specific interactions and transactions with the AAD. Information may include personal details, employment and research associations, and such detail as is necessary to facilitate those interactions.

Data storage, use, disclosure and retention
All personal data described in the preceding section is stored in transmission logs, and archived for a period that is yet to be determined but is likely to be at least 12 months and quite probably 7 years.
The data described in 1–4 above is used by AAD site software, and by employees involved in the AAD web site operation, only for:

website and system administration, including monitoring to prevent security breaches
customisation of the website to the user’s needs
evaluation, research and development

Data described in 5 above is used only for the purposes for which it is collected, as described at the point of collection.
Identified data can only be re-disclosed to the user if the user provides the unique request session number. Identified data may be disclosed to a third party only in circumstances in which such disclosure is legally authorised, such as in the investigation of a criminal offence, and in compliance with a search warrant or subpoena.
Accountability
The staff who operate the AAD web site, and most Commonwealth government agencies, are subject to the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988.

