
               
               
              
              
                  
                    
                      
                        
                          
                             
                            Privacy Policy
                          
                          
                             
                             
                            
                            
Disclaimer
                          
                          
                             
                             
                          
                          
                             
                             Privacy Policy for accessgambia.com

                            The privacy of our visitors to accessgambia.com is 
                            important to us.

                            At accessgambia.com, we recognize that privacy of 
                            your personal information is important. Here is 
                            information on what types of personal information we 
                            receive and collect when you use and visit 
                            accessgambia.com, and how we safeguard your 
                            information. We never sell your personal information 
                            to third parties.

Log Files
                            As with most other websites, we collect and use the 
                            data contained in log files. The information in the 
                            log files include your IP (internet protocol) 
                            address, your ISP (internet service provider, such 
                            as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit 
                            our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the 
                            time you visited our site and which pages you 
                            visited throughout our site.

Cookies and Web Beacons
                            We do use cookies to store information, such as your 
                            personal preferences when you visit our site. This 
                            could include only showing you a popup once in your 
                            visit, or the ability to login to some of our 
                            features, such as forums. For more privacy you can delete your browsing and search history by 
							visiting 
							https://www.google.com/history.

                            We also use third party advertisements on 
                            accessgambia.com to support our site. Some of these 
                            advertisers may use technology such as cookies and 
                            web beacons when they advertise on our site, which 
                            will also send these advertisers (such as Google 
                            through the Google AdSense program) information 
                            including your IP address, your ISP , the browser 
                            you used to visit our site, and in some cases, 
                            whether you have Flash installed. This is generally 
                            used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York 
                            real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) 
                            or showing certain ads based on specific sites 
                            visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who 
                            frequents cooking sites).

DoubleClick Cookies
                            Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies 
							to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your 
							website. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie 
							enables it and its partners to serve ads to your 
							users based on their visit to your sites and/or 
							other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of 
							the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based 
							advertising by visiting
							Ads 
							Settings. (Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies 
							for interest based advertising by visiting 
							aboutads.info.) 
							You can use Ads
							
							Ad Settings to manage the Google ads you see. 
							For more information and control settings you can 
							make please visit Google's following link: 
                            http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/.
For a full list of certified third party vendors
                            click here.

                            Please note that third-party vendors and ad networks 
							serve ads on accessgambia.com 
                      You can follow 
                      this Google link and see Vendors that are certified 
                      for third-party ads. 

							You may visit those websites to opt out of the use 
							of cookies for interest-based advertising (if the 
							vendor or ad network offers this capability). 

							Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party 
							vendor's use of cookies for interest-based 
							advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
                            You can choose to disable or selectively turn off 
                            our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser 
                            settings, or by managing preferences in programs 
                            such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can 
                            affect how you are able to interact with our site as 
                            well as other websites. This could include the 
                            inability to login to services or programs, such as 
                            logging into forums or accounts.

                            Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently 
                            opted out of any advertising program. Unless you 
                            have settings that disallow cookies, the next time 
                            you visit a site running the advertisements, a new 
                            cookie will be added. Alternatively, you may be able 
							to set your browser to 'private' browsing mode such 
							as for Explorer or Firefox. This should mean that 
							cookies won't be stored in your browser after your 
							session has ended. See your browser settings for 
							available capabilities, usually in the Menu Bar.

          					Please refer to Google's latest privacy policy.  It can 
							be found at the following url
							http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/. 
							Read it as some of it may apply to 
			www.accessgambia.com in 
							relation to the Adsense program and third party 
							adverts.





                          
                          
                    
                           
                        
                        
                          
                          
                          
                        
                        
                          
                          
                      
                        
                        
                          
                          

                          
                          

                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                      
                        


                              Map



                              Weather












