
Any information you share in this blog or in any communication with me in connection with this blog will not be used without your permission. You will not receive unwanted communication from me such as spam or similar and will not share any information, such as e-mail address or any other information you do not yourself choose to publish to anyone else.
If you send me information in confidence, that confidence will be respected under any and all circumstances permissible by law.
Privacy Policy
Manuel Delia values your privacy and the protection of your personal data. In this Privacy Policy, we want to provide clear and transparent information about how we process your personal data. We are committed to safeguard your privacy and we carefully process your personal details. Manueldelia.com complies with the applicable laws and regulations under any circumstances, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
As manueldelia.com, we are responsible for the processing of your personal data. If you would have questions after reading our Privacy Policy and would like to contact us, then you can do so via the contact details at the bottom of this page.
This Privacy Policy applies to all data collections and other data processing by Manuel Delia, in particular through www.manueldelia.com (referred to herein as “Website” or “Site”) owned and operated by Manuel Delia. For purposes of this Privacy Policy any reference to “Manuel Delia” (or “our” or “us” or “we”) shall mean Manuel Delia and /or their subsidiaries, as applicable (collectively, “Manuel Delia” or “Company”). This Privacy Policy describes how Manuel Delia collects, uses, shares and safeguards the personal data you provide to us. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal data. The use of personal data collected through our website shall be limited to the purpose of providing services for which the customer has engaged Manuel Delia, as set out in this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service and other agreements with the reader and customer.
Collected Personal Data
We collect the following categories of personal data from our (potential) customers and Site visitors:

Personal data – Included in this category are classes of data which identify an individual and their personal characteristics. Examples are names, addresses and contact details. We may collect names, email addresses and contact information such as phone numbers of visitors who request more information, order goods and/or services and/or register for updates of Manuel Delia.
Goods or services provided – Included in this category are classes of data relating to goods and services which have been provided. Examples are details of the goods or services supplied, licenses issued, agreements and contracts.

Purposes of the collected personal data
Personal data is collected and used for Manuel Delia’s legitimate business purposes and to comply with the Company’s contractual and legal obligations, including establishing, managing and providing services to our readers and customers. Personal data is used by Manuel Delia for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, or for additional purposes that Manuel Delia has advised you of, and / or for which Manuel Delia has obtained your consent with respect to the use or disclosure of your personal data.
Specifically, we use the personal data collected only for the following purposes:

Providing services to our readers and (potential) customers, including through third parties
Facilitate the services provided to our readers and customers by Manuel Delia’s partners
Keep records of customer and reader information
Respond to a reader’s or customer’s service or support requests
For marketing, promotional and sales purposes
For data security purposes
Manuel Delia does not use personal data for automated decision making

Data sharing with third parties
We will only share your personal data with third parties in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell your personal data to third parties. Additionally, our service providers and subcontractors are trained and subject to confidentiality obligations and only have access to personal data as necessary.
We may email information regarding updates to the goods and/or service offerings to our readers/customers in accordance with the terms described in this Privacy Policy.
Other third parties, such as third-party service providers, may need access to your personal data to provide their services to you. Manuel Delia will not use or disclose your personal data, except (i) to the extent necessary to provide services to you or as requested by you, or (ii) pursuant to law, as determined by Manuel Delia in its sole discretion, or (iii) by a court order, or (iv) in connection with third-party cookies as described in the section about Cookies in this Privacy Policy.
Individual customer or customer candidate records may at times be viewed or accessed by Manuel Delia’s authorised employees or agents only for the purpose(s) of (i) providing service and related professional services to readers or customer candidates, (ii) resolving a support issue affecting any of them, (iii) to inspect and resolve a suspected violation of agreements with a reader/customer, or (iv) as may be required by law, as determined by Manuel Delia in its sole discretion, judicial proceeding, subpoena, legal process or binding court order. We also reserve the right to disclose your personal data when we believe, in our sole discretion, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, subpoena, court order, or legal process.
Personal data may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which Manuel Delia enters, or may enter, into a corporation transaction. If Manuel Delia is acquired in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a substantial part of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or via a prominent notice on our Site of any change in the uses of your personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal data. In the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation, the database containing personal data may be treated as an asset of Manuel Delia and may be subject to transfer to a third party.
Manuel Delia may disclose personal data to companies that assist us in providing our services or that partner with us to provide you their services. In this context, any such transfers to third parties are governed by our vendor agreements with them, which provide standards of care for the protection for personal and confidential information that are not less stringent than the standards contained in our customer agreements, and in no event less than a reasonable standard of care in accordance with the applicable law and regulations. Such third-party companies are authorised to use your personal data only as necessary to provide these services to us and/or you and for the purposes for which the personal data was collected. In the case of partners with whom you contract directly, their policies regarding personal data will govern your relationship with them as stated in the applicable agreement between you and the partner and we will not be responsible for any actions or omission of these partners.
Customers, readers or Site visitors may opt out of receiving sales, promotional or advertising emails from us by selecting the opt-out link located in the message body of all our electronic communications. Customers, readers or Site visitors may also email [email protected] directly with a request to be removed from such communications. We may also track and analyse information that doesn’t directly identify you as a person and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our Site visitors, readers, customer candidates and customers and provide such information in aggregated form to third parties.
Marketing
Manuel Delia may also ask website visitors who register for updates to provide certain information, such as email addresses to use and receive content from the site. Manuel Delia will provide these visitors with the ability to opt in or opt out of future communications from the Company as required by applicable law. If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in emails we send to you or by contacting us at [email protected]
How We Use Cookies, Log Files, Social Media Plug-ins and Other Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as cookies or similar technologies are used by Manuel Delia and our partners, affiliates, or our service providers. These technologies are used in analysing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference), and for your authentication when you visit the Site. The following information will help you to understand the different types of cookies used:
Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are required for the operation of the Site. These include, for example, cookies which are necessary for users to create an account or to login, to secure areas of the Site, and cookies that are required to show error or success messages to users.
Third-party cookies
The following third-party cookies could be used:

LinkedIn – the Site uses cookies from LinkedIn to track user behaviours and market to users based on their behaviours.
Google Analytics – the site uses cookies from Google Analytics to track anonymous interactions and visits.
Facebook – the Site uses cookies from Facebook to track user behaviours and market to users based on their behaviours.
Google AdSense – the Site uses cookies from Google AdSense to track user behaviours and market to users based on their behaviours.
Google Tag Manager – the Site makes use of Google Tag Manager. Via this service of Google Inc., website tags can be managed on a platform. The Google Tag Manager activates other tags that can possibly register data.
Disqus – the Site uses the following cookies from Disqus:

_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz: Cookies related to Google Analytics used by Disqus.
Disqus_unique: Cookies used for internal statistics, used for anonymous visitors.
_jid: Cookies used to remember a user’s login information so they don’t have to login every time they visit a new site using Disqus.



Please note that other third parties may also use cookies. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies and include, for example, those from advertising networks or providers of external services.
Accept / Decline cookies
You can manage your cookie settings for this website here: Change Cookie Settings
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited. Many browsers allow a private mode to be activated through which the cookies are always erased after the visit. Depending on each browser, this private mode can have different names. The following is a list of the most common browsers that support a minimum recommended level of encryption. Each browser type has a different name for “private mode”:

Internet Explorer 11 and later versions = In Private
Safari 7 and later versions = Private Navigation/Browsing
Opera 17 and later versions = Private Navigation/Browsing
Mozilla Firefox 27 and later versions = Private Navigation/Browsing
Google Chrome 30 and later versions = Incognito

You can opt to reject cookies. You can also block cookies via the settings in your Internet browser. Most Internet browsers provide detailed information about how to do this in the help section.
All browser technologies offer the option to manage cookies in the cookies folder of your web browser. This means you can delete cookies from your cookies folder once you leave our website or you can decide to change your preferences regarding the use of cookies before you start visiting our website. Please note that deleting or rejecting cookies can be harmful for your user experience of our website.
You can find more information about this topic on the official websites of Google (Chrome), Firefox, Windows (Internet Explorer), Safari, Opera, etc.
If you block cookies, our website could be functioning less well. The tracking cookies being used by third parties on our website, can be deleted via the website Your Online Choices. Do you wish to know, for each session and visit, which trackers and which cookies are being used on a site? Then we advise you to install the Ghostery add-on.
Targeted advertisement
We partner with third parties to either display advertising on our Site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other websites to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you do not wish to have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt out via the website Your Online Choices. Please note this does not opt you out of generic ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Social Media (features) and widgets
Our Site includes social media features, such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, etc. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
Blog
Our Site offers a publicly accessible blog. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal data from our blog or community forum, contact us at [email protected] In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal data, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Alternatively, if you used a third-party application to post such information, you can remove it, either by logging into the application and removing the information, or by contacting the appropriate third-party application.
Access to Personal Data Controlled by Manuel Delia
Upon request and within 30 days, or as otherwise required by applicable law, Manuel Delia will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal data. In addition, Manuel Delia will take reasonable steps to permit customers to correct, amend, delete, or receive a copy of their personal data. To request this access, please contact [email protected] Manuel Delia will, upon request, provide readers or customers with a copy of their personal data stored by Manuel Delia upon expiration or termination of the customer agreements, unless the applicable law determines otherwise.
Access to Personal Data Controlled by our Partners
Manuel Delia acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal data and to withdraw consent to the use/processing of your personal data. We are a service provider to our customers and in some cases, we have no direct relationship with any individual whose personal data is processed by a partner. If you are one of our (potential) customers or website visitors and would no longer like to be contacted by a person or entity that is a partner for our service, please contact the partner that you interact with directly. If requested to remove data by our partner, we will respond within 30 days or as otherwise required by applicable law. Individuals may also submit such inquiries or requests directly to Manuel Delia at no cost for them by contacting [email protected]
Data Retention by Manuel Delia
We will retain personal data for as long as a customer is active or as needed to provide the service to our customer, as required under customer agreements and / or for as long as Manuel Delia needs the personal data to fulfill the purposes for which the Company initially collected it, unless otherwise required by applicable law or court order. We will also retain this personal data as necessary to comply with our legal and/or contractual obligations, comply with court orders, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. When the purpose for which Manuel Delia is processing the personal data is fulfilled, expires or is terminated, Manuel Delia will either delete or anonymize/de-identify any personal data in accordance with our customer agreements, this Privacy Policy and applicable law. In the event we cannot delete or anonymize/de-identify your personal data, we will inform you of the reasons, subject to any legal restrictions.
Data Security
Manuel Delia employs reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the personal data it processes. When the website is accessed, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help provide that personal data is safe, and secure while in transit. Manuel Delia also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and hosts the website in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to protect against interference or access from outside intruders. These safeguards help protect against unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and provide for the appropriate use of personal data. Nevertheless, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is one hundred percent (100%) secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Service or Site, please contact us at [email protected]
Links to Third-Party Sites
Our website includes links to other Websites whose privacy practices may differ from those at www.manueldelia.com. If you submit personal data to any of these sites, your information is governed by the applicable third-party’s privacy policies and we are not responsible for it. We therefore encourage you to carefully read any notices provided through a hyperlink and the privacy policy of any Website you visit and raise questions directly with these other providers.
No Services for Minors
We do not knowingly collect information from minors. To use the Site, you must be the age of legal majority in your place of residence. By using the Site, you hereby represent that you are at least the age of legal majority in your place of residence. We do not use an application or other mechanism to determine the age of users of the Site. All information provided to us will be treated as if it was provided by an adult. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete information associated with a minor as soon as practicable if we learn that a minor has submitted information about himself/herself to us.
Do-Not-Track Disclosure
There are many methods where web browser signals and similar mechanisms can indicate your choice to disable tracking. But we may not be aware of or able to honour every such mechanism. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret web browser-based “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals other than cookies, we may not respond to undefined DNT signals to our Sites or online services. More information about “do not track” is available at allaboutdnt.com concerning such information.
Severability
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Privacy Policy in any country shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Privacy Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices that will become effective upon posting. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice through the Service prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Rights regarding personal data
Manuel Delia will provide access free of charge for its readers, customers and customer candidates to their personal data and allow them to correct, amend, or request deletion of personal data which we received from you. Manuel Delia also offers all its readers, customers, customer candidates and Site visitors the ability to opt out of any data processing by Manuel Delia or any of our partners. You also have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to you or to another party (as instructed by you). We may ask you for your identification details before we can process your request. Manuel Delia acknowledges that you always have the right to withdraw consent to the use/processing of your personal data. From the moment you withdraw your consent, we can not collect or process your personal data anymore.
For questions or remarks about our privacy policy, you can contact us via the contact details below:
Contact
Mailing address: 55 Triq Melita, Valletta, VLT 1122, Malta
E-mail: [email protected]
Telephone: +356 7988 4488
Complaints
Any questions or complaints concerning Manuel Delia’s Privacy Policy or handling of personal data can be directed to [email protected] In addition, you always have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data processing authority in your country.
 
