

Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.

The following describes the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an 'implied consent' policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete Gear4music.com cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser's anonymous usage setting (called "Incognito" in Chrome, "InPrivate" for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc...).

We use many cookies to enhance the shopping experience for the user, these include:
Advertising Cookies
We advertise Gear4music on a number of third party websites and ad networks, and use cookies to track which sites you clicked on. These include AdNxs, Click Fuse, Five.tv, Google Double Click, Guardian.co.uk and Rubicon Project.
AdWords Remarketing
We use a Remarketing Cookie to serve more relevant ads to users based on their behaviour during past visits to our website. Google's AdWords Remarketing connects the activity of www.gear4music.com with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. To opt out of the cookie click here
Affiliate Cookies
Allows us to track how you found Gear4music through external websites, and in some cases reward those websites.
Criteo
Provides users with personalised adverts when visiting selected other websites. These adverts are based on the products that you have been viewing on the Gear4music website, and may also show products similar to those you originally looked at. Instructions on how to prevent this kind of advertising can be found here.
Google Analytics
Provides us with information about how users use the site enabling us to improve and refine customers' experience of Gear4music. User data is all anonymous. You can find out more about Google's position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
QuBit
To ensure effective delivery of our cookies and to provide optimum user experience, we use QuBit to manage our cookies. It does not track information itself, but remembers specific tasks that we tell it to do.
Session Cookies
We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you and what you've put in the shopping basket. These we deem strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken - including the ability to place orders.
Third Party Cookies
Some cookies used on our site are provided by third-parties, for example pages that contain embedded content, such as YouTube videos, may send you cookies. These cookies are out of our control and you should check these third-party sites for further information.
Sharing Tools
If you use social networks, such as Facebook and Twitter, to share information from the Gear4music website, you may be sent cookies from these websites. These cookies are out of our control and you should check these third-party sites for further information.               
               

