Relevant Legislation 
Along with our business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:
 

Personal Information That This Website Collects And Why We Collect It
This website collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:

Site visitation tracking 
Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.

Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your compute's IP address, which could be used to personally identify you, but Google does not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor (
GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on 
Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.

In addition to Google Analytics, this website may collect information (held in the public domain) attributed to the IP address of the computer or device that is being used to access it.

Blog
Should you choose to add a comment to any posts that we have published on blog sites, the name and email address you enter with your comment will be saved to this website's database, along with your computer's IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment. This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section of the respective blog post and is not passed on to any of the third party data processors detailed below. Only your name and email address that you supplied will be shown on the public-facing website.

Your comments and it's associated personal data will remain on this site until we see fit to either


remove the comment or
remove the blog post. Should you wish to have the comment and it's associated personal data deleted, please email us here using the email address that you commented with. 


If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before posting a comment on our blog.

NOTE: You should avoid entering personally identifiable information to the actual comment field of any blog post comments that you submit on this website.

Contact forms and email links
Should you choose to contact us using the contact form on our Contact us page, none of the data that you supply will be stored by this website or passed to / be processed by any of the third party data processors defined in 
Email newsletter 
If you choose to join our email newsletter, the email address that you submit to us will be forwarded to 
Your email address will remain within Benchmark's database for as long as we continue to use Benchmark's services for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by requesting removal via email. When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.

If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before joining email newsletter. Along with our business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:This website collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your compute's IP address, which could be used to personally identify you, but Google does not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor ( see section below ).GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on  Google's developer guides . Our website uses the analytics.js implementation of GA. Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.In addition to Google Analytics, this website may collect information (held in the public domain) attributed to the IP address of the computer or device that is being used to access it.Should you choose to add a comment to any posts that we have published on blog sites, the name and email address you enter with your comment will be saved to this website's database, along with your computer's IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment. This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section of the respective blog post and is not passed on to any of the third party data processors detailed below. Only your name and email address that you supplied will be shown on the public-facing website.Your comments and it's associated personal data will remain on this site until we see fit to eitherIf you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before posting a comment on our blog.NOTE: You should avoid entering personally identifiable information to the actual comment field of any blog post comments that you submit on this website.Should you choose to contact us using the contact form on our Contact us page, none of the data that you supply will be stored by this website or passed to / be processed by any of the third party data processors defined in section below . Instead the data will be collated into an email and sent to us over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) . Our SMTP servers are protected by TLS  (sometimes known as SSL) meaning that the email content is encrypted before being sent across the internet. The email content is then decrypted by our local computers and devices.If you choose to join our email newsletter, the email address that you submit to us will be forwarded to Benchmark  who provide us with email marketing services. We consider Benchmark to be a third party data processor ( see section below ). The email address that you submit will not be stored within this website's own database or in any of our internal computer systems.Your email address will remain within Benchmark's database for as long as we continue to use Benchmark's services for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by requesting removal via email. When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before joining email newsletter.