
Your information choices
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by emailing us at info@cloudera.com. If you wish to delete or suspend your account, please email us at info@cloudera.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. Also, if you have become aware that a profile has been created about you without your consent or knowledge, you may contact us at info@cloudera.com to request deletion of that said account.  We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a certain period of time. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.  Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Promotional communications
We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or the purchase of our products or services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us – you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly. Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy.
Blog
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at info@cloudera.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at info@cloudera.com.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Cloudera. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
If you have opted-in to receive e-mail communications from a Third Party Company and later wish to discontinue receipt of these e-mails, please contact the Third Party Company directly to update your preferences. The privacy policies of our Third Party Companies may apply to the use and disclosure of your Personal Data that we collect and disclose to such Third Party Companies. Because we do not control the privacy practices of our Third Party Companies, you should read and understand their privacy policies.
Public Member Directory
We will list you in our publicly accessible member directory.  If you wish to request removal of your information from our directory, you can contact us at info@cloudera.com.
Public Profiles
The profile you create on our website will be publically accessible unless otherwise indicated. You may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal.
Social Media Widgets
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These Features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Single Sign-On
You can apply for a job opening using sign-in services such as LinkedIn or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity, provide you the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us, and to pre-populate our application form. Services like LinkedIn give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network.
Your California privacy rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. However, under the law, a business is not required to provide this information if it permits California residents to opt into, or opt out of, this type of sharing. Cloudera qualifies for this alternative option. To opt out of having your information shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please insert description of opt out mechanism. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at info@cloudera.com or 1-888-789-1488.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the information below:
Cloudera, Inc.
1001 Page Mill Road, Building 3
Palo Alto, CA 94304
info@cloudera.com
1-888-789-1488.

