Last Updated: May 25, 2018
This Data Policy (the “Policy”) describes Cloudera’s policy for handling, storing, and otherwise treating certain types of data of Cloudera’s customers (each, a “Customer”), including data associated with individual users and employees of Customer organizations, in each case pursuant to a Customer Agreement (as defined below).  “Cloudera” means Cloudera, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates.

Additional policies that apply to specific Cloudera Products and Services can be found at the end of this Policy, in the section entitled “Service-Specific Terms.”
OVERVIEW
Cloudera collects information that a Customer or other data sources send to Cloudera as part of such Customer’s use of Cloudera Products and Services.  This data is addressed in three categories, “Transaction Data”, “Account Data” and “Personal Data”, each as defined below.
 
TRANSACTION DATA AND ACCOUNT DATA
Security
Cloudera understands the sensitive nature of the data that Customer or Customer’s organization may provide while using Cloudera Products and Services.  Cloudera will maintain commercially reasonable administrative, physical and technical safeguards designed for the protection, confidentiality and integrity of Customer’s Transaction Data and Account Data.
Data Use by Cloudera
Access.  Cloudera places strict controls over its employees’ access to Customer’s Transaction Data and Account Data that resides in the Cloudera Products and Services, and is committed to ensuring that Customer’s Transaction Data and Account Data is not used by anyone who should not have access to it.  The operation of the Cloudera Products and Services requires that some employees have access to Customer systems which store and process Customer’s Transaction Data and Account Data. For example, in order to diagnose a problem Customer is having with Cloudera Products and Services, the Cloudera support team may need to access Customer’s Transaction Data.  These employees are prohibited from using these permissions to view Customer’s Transaction Data unless it is necessary to do so.

Ownership.  As between Cloudera and Customer, Customer or its licensors own all right, title, and interest in and to the Transaction Data and Account Data.  Cloudera obtains no ownership rights under this Agreement from Customer or its licensors to any Transaction Data or Account Data.

Use of Transaction Data.  Cloudera will treat Transaction Data as confidential and will use it only to: (i) facilitate operation of the Cloudera Products and Services; (ii) enhance the use of the Cloudera Products and Services and its related web pages; (iii) perform internal tracking to improve Cloudera Products and Services; (iv) analyze the extent to which Customers use Cloudera Products and Services; (v) enable Cloudera to contact its Customers; (vi) process, bill and invoice Customer’s transactions for Cloudera Products and Services usage; (vii) make backups in order to prevent data loss; and (viii) comply with the law or a binding order of a governmental body.   This permission includes allowing us to use third-party service providers in the operation and administration of Cloudera Products and Services and the rights granted to us are extended to these third parties to the degree necessary in order for Cloudera Products and Services to be provided. The Privacy Policy does not apply to Transaction Data.

Use of Account Data.  Cloudera will only use Account Data in accordance with the Privacy Policy, and Customer consents to such usage.

Feedback.  If any Customer users provide Cloudera with any feedback, support tickets, reported defects, usability enhancements, feature requests or suggestions regarding Cloudera Products and Services, Customer grants Cloudera an unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, free license to use any such feedback or suggestions for any purpose without any obligation to Customer.

Retention of Transaction Data and Account Data
Data collected by Cloudera as part of diagnostic bundles will be retained for a period of 12 months.  All other Transaction Data and Account Data may be retained no longer than as permitted by governing law, but in no event longer than for the life of the related Cloudera product + 10 years.

Incident Management and Response
In the event of a security breach involving Cloudera Products and Services, Cloudera will promptly notify each affected Customer of any unauthorized access to any of such Customer’s Transaction Data or Account Data that was stored in Cloudera Products and Services.  Cloudera has internal incident management procedures in place to handle such an event.

Product Security Practices
New features, functionality, and design changes go through a security review process facilitated by Cloudera’s security team.  The security team works closely with development teams to resolve any additional security concerns that may arise during development.
 
PERSONAL DATA
Cloudera’s current Privacy Policy is incorporated into this document and includes important terms regarding Cloudera’s handling of Personal Data.  The sections above relating to Incident Management and Response and Product Security Practices also apply to Personal Data.
 
CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES
Customer Account and Account Data
To access certain Cloudera Online Services, Customer may be asked to create a Cloudera account associated with a valid e-mail address (a “Customer Account”).  Customer may only create one account per email address. Customer is responsible for: (i) maintaining the confidentiality of the Account Data, (ii) monitoring and controlling which end users have access to the Customer Account; and (iii) all activities that occur under the Customer Account, regardless of whether the activities are undertaken by Customer, Customer’s employees or a third party (including Customer’s contractors or agents).  Except to the extent caused by Cloudera’s breach of this Data Policy, Cloudera and its Affiliates are not responsible for unauthorized access to the Customer Account. Customer will contact Cloudera immediately if Customer believes an unauthorized third party may be using the Customer Account or if Customer’s Account Information is lost or stolen.
Acceptable Use
Customer must not: (i) use, or encourage, promote, facilitate or instruct others to use, Cloudera Products and Services for any illegal, harmful or offensive use, or to transmit, store, display, distribute or otherwise make available content that is illegal, harmful, or offensive; (ii) use Cloudera Products and Services to violate the security or integrity of any network, computer or communications system, software application, or network or computing device; (iii) make network connections to any users, hosts, or networks unless Customer has permission to communicate with them; (iv) use Cloudera Products and Services to transmit spam, bulk or unsolicited communications; or (v) use Cloudera Products and Services to collect and store personally identifiable information about any person unless specifically authorized by such person.

Transaction Data, Account Data and Personal Data
Customer is solely responsible for the creation, operation and maintenance of Transaction Data, Account Data and Personal Data. For example, Customer is solely responsible for:
 

the technical operation of Cloudera Products and Services, including ensuring that calls Customer makes to any Cloudera Online Service are compatible with then-current APIs for that Cloudera Online Service;
compliance with the Acceptable Use provisions herein;
compliance with all applicable laws;
any claims relating to Transaction Data, Account Data and Personal Data;
anonymizing data to the extent Customer deems it reasonable or prudent to do so; and
properly handling and processing notices sent to Customer (or any of its affiliates) by any person claiming Customer’s data violates such person’s rights, including notices pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

 
Customer agrees that its Transactional Data, Account Data and Personal Data will not include information regulated under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (U.S. government regulations addressing defense-related articles and services).

Customer agrees not to upload, post or otherwise transmit to Cloudera any Transaction Data that: (a) is inaccurate, harmful, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, racist, violent, offensive, harassing, or otherwise objectionable; (b) includes unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information or other confidential information; (c) violates or infringes any third party intellectual property rights; or (d) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.  Cloudera reserves the right to edit or remove Transaction Data that violates this Policy.

By providing Transaction Data, Customer represents and warrants to Cloudera that Customer owns or otherwise possesses all intellectual property rights and other rights necessary to provide such Transaction Data and to permit others to make use of such Transaction Data.

Security and Backup
Customer is responsible for taking its own steps to maintain appropriate security, protection and backup of Transactional Data, Account Data and Personal Data, which may include the use of encryption technology or anonymization to protect such data from unauthorized access.

Customer Data
Cloudera Products and Services that store or process Customer Data are either located on a third-party hosting site or on Customer’s own servers.  As such, Cloudera has no liabilities or obligations with respect to Customer Data under this Data Policy.
 
DEFINITIONS
“Account Data” means information about Customer that Customer provides to Cloudera in connection with the creation or administration of its Cloudera account. For example, Account Data includes names, user names, phone numbers, email addresses and billing information associated with Customer’s Cloudera account.

"Cloudera Products and Services" means any of Cloudera’s products and software to which Customer may have subscribed under the terms of a Customer Agreement, including but not limited to Cloudera Manager, Cloudera Enterprise, Cloudera Live, Cloudera Express, Cloudera Altus Director, any Cloudera Online Services, any trial software, and any software related to the foregoing.

“Customer Agreement” means the separate agreement between Customer and Cloudera governing Customer’s use of the Cloudera Products and Services.

“Customer Data” means any of Customer’s originating data that might be stored in nodes and accessed by Cloudera’s software or other third-party software.

“Personal Data” means data that can identify an individual or that is associated with the identity of an individual.

“Privacy Policy” means the privacy policy currently referenced at https://www.cloudera.com/legal/policies.html#privacy, as it may be updated by Cloudera from time to time.

“Transaction Data” means all data that is (i) input into Cloudera Products and Services by Customer or its end users, (ii) generated by Cloudera’s systems as a result of Customer’s or its end users’ use of the Cloudera Products and Services, or (iii) data that is generated for troubleshooting and diagnostics, in each case that is transmitted to Cloudera. Transaction Data does not include Customer Data.

In the event of a conflict between this Policy and the terms of the applicable Customer Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Policy apply, but only to the extent of such conflict.

SERVICE-SPECIFIC TERMS
Cloudera Navigator Optimizer and Workload Analytics
Data Use.  Cloudera’s Navigator Optimizer service (“Optimizer”) and Workload Analytics service (“Workload Analytics”) do not collect or store any Personal Data or Customer Data.  These services may collect and/or store certain types of Transaction Data such as Customer’s queries or workload information (“Analytics Data”). While Analytics Data is confidential information and will be protected pursuant to the provisions in this policy that apply to Transaction Data, Optimizer and Workload Analytics are not databases of record for the storage of Analytics Data.  Retention of this Analytics Data is not Cloudera’s responsibility.

Availability.  Cloudera is committed to making Optimizer and Workload Analytics highly-available services that Customers can count on.  To the extent feasible, Cloudera’s infrastructure runs on systems that are fault-tolerant, for failures of individual servers.  Cloudera’s operations team tests disaster-recovery measures regularly and staffs a team to quickly resolve unexpected incidents.  However, at this time Cloudera makes no uptime or availability guarantees with respect to Optimizer or Workload Analytics or retention of Analytics Data.

