
Privacy policy
Your privacy is very important to us and we are strongly committed to protecting it. Our privacy policy is clear - we do not sell or rent your personal information without your explicit permission.
Personal Information
We may collect your personal information that can identify you when you visit / register / post information and use our site in other ways. Please be aware that certain information such as your name, nickname, country, images, comments, posts and other information that you (and other site visitors) provide during registration and/or posting on our site, communicating with other users, or by using the sites in other ways may be displayed to any visitor of the site and/or cashed, indexed, retrieved, displayed and used by search engines and third party sites. We cannot control who accesses such information and how this information is used. Therefore, we encourage you to exercise caution when submitting personal information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text that is sent to a visitor's browser by 2coal.com. The browser provides this piece of text to the originating Web site when this visitor returns. A "persistent" cookie may be used to help save your settings and customizations across site visits. Also, if you log in to your account, such a cookie will be used to recognize you as a valid user so you will not need to log in each time you visit the 2coal.com. Most Web browsers are initially configured to accept cookies, but you can change this setting so your browser either refuses all cookies or informs you when a cookie is being sent. Also, you are free to delete any existing cookies at any time. Please note that many features of the 2coal.com may not function properly when cookies are disabled or removed.
Log files
As with most other websites, our server logs automatically collect your IP/ISP addresses, your internet browser type and language used, the country, date and time of your visit, pages / services used on the site and other information. Such information may be used to track user activity and navigation around the site and its services and the dynamics and trends connected to the use of the site. Collected demographic and other information may be also used for statistical and administrative purposes.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, and collect data from your age and gender. The cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Changes to our privacy policy
Privacy policy is subject to change upon our discretion. Any user/visitor of the site is deemed to have acknowledged privacy policy of the site when using the site and/or its services. We encourage you to check it frequently.
How to contact us
For any questions, requests and suggestions, please do not hesitate to contact us here.
 