This Privacy Policy applies to all the publicly accessible pages on State Records' website.
Overview
This Privacy Policy applies to all the publicly accessible pages on State Records' website.
Users of the State Records site are entitled to expect that any information as a result of that use will be treated within the terms of the New South Wales government's privacy responsibilities and obligations. State Records has developed a general Privacy Management Plan. The New South Wales government's privacy practices are regulated by the New South Wales Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998.
What information do we collect?
When you look at the pages on the State Records site, our computers automatically record small pieces of information.
This information does not identify a visitor.
Personally identifiable data is not collected nor is it available via the analytics tools that are used to gather this information. The information below is used for statistical purposes and to assist in diagnosing website issues. It is also used to determine audience outreach and improve the delivery of website content. For each page accessed the following is recorded:

the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the machine which has accessed it;
your top-level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc.);
the address of your server;
the date and time of your visit to the site;
the pages accessed and documents downloaded;
the previous site visited; and
the type of browser and operating system you have used.

Demographic data recorded by the analytics tools includes:

age group;
gender;
location;
language.

​Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text data that a web server can store on, and later retrieve from, a user's computer.
They do not personally identify you, but do identify your browser (as listed above). 
Cookies can be either 'persistent' or 'session' based. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer, contain an expiration date, and may be used to track your browsing behaviour (such as pages accessed and documents downloaded as listed above) upon return to the issuing web site. Session cookies are short-lived, are used only during a browsing session, and expire when you shut down your browser.
This site uses persistent cookies.
The cookies on this site do not read information on your hard drive. They do not make your computer perform any actions or make your computer send information to any other computer via the internet. Our server cannot find out your name or email address, or anything about your computer, by using cookies.
How do we use the information collected?
The information collected during each visit is aggregated with similar logged information and published in reports in order for State Records to identify patterns of usage of the site. This will assist us in improving the site and the services offered on it.
State Records will not disclose or publish information that identifies individual machines, or potentially identifies sub-groupings of addresses, without consent or otherwise in accordance with the New South Wales Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998.
What exceptions are there to this rule?
State Records will collect, use and disclose more extensive information than stated above in the following circumstances:

unauthorised attempts to access files which are not published State Records pages;
unauthorised tampering or interference with files published on the State Records site;
unauthorised attempts to index the contents of the State Records site by other sites;
attempts to intercept messages of other users of the State Records site;
communications which are defamatory, abusive, vilify individuals or groups or which give rise to a suspicion that an offence is being committed; and
attempts to otherwise compromise the security of the web server, breach the laws of the State of New South Wales or Commonwealth of Australia, or interfere with the use of the State Records site by other users.

State Records reserves the right to make disclosures to relevant authorities where the use of the State Records site raises a suspicion that an offence is being, or has been, committed. In the event of an investigation, State Records will provide access to data to any law enforcement agency that may exercise a warrant to inspect our logs.
Conclusion
State Records is confident that if users respect and abide by the Principles and Objectives and bear in mind the matters described at this web-page, the site, and the on-line discussion forums and chat sessions which take place at the site, will provide both a fantastic information source as well as an unique opportunity for you to share your views on relevant topics. We trust that you will enjoy using the site as much as we look forward to hearing your views and opinions.
If you have any questions in relation to the site or would like more information about State Records please feel free to contact the Executive Officer.
State Records does not have any responsibility for the privacy policies or practices of third party sites linked to State Records site. If you have any questions about State Records' website, or the application of this Privacy Policy or a request for access to information held, please contact:
Anna Bartosiak
Executive Officer
State Records
PO Box 516, KINGSWOOD NSW 2747
Phone (61 2) 9673 1788 | Email anna.bartosiak@records.nsw.gov.au
