
 




Notice of Change: March 14, 2016 – The Privacy Policy has been updated 




Privacy Policy
BY USING THIS WEB SITE ("SITE"), YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY ("POLICY").
Use of Personal Information
The Association of Faculties of Medicine of Canada ("AFMC") owns and operates this Site and is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. AFMC does not collect personal information about individual users except: (a) when such personal information is provided to AFMC on a voluntary basis; (b) to monitor traffic to the Site, or (c) to determine the future direction of the Site including any necessary technical upgrades. AFMC uses your personal information to help it create and deliver content most relevant to you and to provide you with information about AFMC and its products and services which are made available to facilitate the application and placement of Visiting Electives. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, you shall refrain from using our products or services, including this Site.
Personal information about users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to third parties without the user's approval, except AFMC reserves the right, to disclose personal information: (a) to AFMC’s service providers, provided that such disclosure will be limited to information needed to deliver their services, and further provided that such third parties shall be prohibited from using the information for any other purpose; (b) to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AFMC; (c) to protect and defend the rights or property of AFMC; (d) to act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Site users, the public or the Site; or (e) when doing so is required to facilitate the application and placement of Visiting Electives. In addition, AFMC shall be entitled to disclose and transfer personal information as part of a sale of substantially all of its assets or business to a third party, provided that such third party either continues with the terms of the Policy herein, or offers to individuals whose information is on the portal, the option of having their information removed from the portal before any material changes or amendments are made to this Policy.
AFMC reserves the right to conduct statistical analysis through the use of data collected through this Site on a de-identified basis in order to measure interest in and use of this Site. AFMC reserves the right to provide its analysis based on such anonymous and aggregated data to third parties.
Disclosure of Private Communication
AFMC will not monitor, edit, or deliberately disclose private communications unless: (a) required to do so by law; (b) you grant us permission; or (c) in good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) comply with the laws or regulations; (ii) comply with any legal process that is served on AFMC; (iii) protect and defend the rights or property of AFMC; or (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Site users, the Site, or the public.
AFMC will implement and maintain effective, up-to-date administrative, technical and physical safeguards consistent with accepted information technology, security standards and practices to best protect your personal information. However, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which may be beyond the control of AFMC; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and AFMC through this Site cannot be guaranteed; and (c) it is possible that such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party without the knowledge or control of AFMC. Should it be the case then AFMC will comply with all relevant protocol and procedures that AFMC has put in place and implements to address any breach of security or confidentiality, and in that respect will notify you, whenever appropriate, of any such unauthorized access to your personal information.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files containing information to specify unique preferences and to provide personalized content. Cookies collect information such as your browser type, time, and length of your visit and any personal information you agree to provide. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies but visitors always have the option of disabling cookies and you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you refuse cookies, you may be limited in some areas of this Site.
Amendments to This Policy
AFMC reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. If this Policy changes in the future, AFMC will post an updated version on our Site. We recommend you check this Site periodically in order to review our current Policy. If AFMC changes this policy, it will notify you at the time of the change. You can verify that this policy has changed by checking the effective date that appears at the bottom of this Policy. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately. Your continued use of this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Policy.
Contacting AFMC
If you have any questions about this Policy or the privacy practices of AFMC in respect of this Site, or if you have any questions about the privacy of your personal information, please direct your inquiry to AFMC Privacy Officer in writing at 2733 Lancaster Road, Ottawa, ON, K1B 4V8, by email at: privacy@afmc.ca or by phone at: (613) 7300687, ext.: 279.
This Policy was last updated on 2016-03-14. 
 

