Here comes more legal stuff... but this is important as it relates to your privacy - it's all here what you can expect from us when you use this site. newsincyprus.com(this website "our website" or "Site")
Online Merchants Ltd (the owner of this site - "we")    Firstly we are committed to protecting your privacy when you use our site/services ("Services"). In this policy we explain how and why we collect your information, what we do with it and what controls you have over our use of it.
 
From time to time, we add or change functions, features or products to our Web Sites or add or change Services. This, and our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information, may result in periodic changes to this Privacy Policy. As a result, please remember to refer back to this Privacy Policy regularly to review any amendments.
 
Your acceptance of these Privacy Statement terms
 
By using any of the sites within our web site network ("Web Sites") or our Services, you unconditionally agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
 
What data do we collect and how do we use it?
 
newsincyprus.com collects and processes information in order to either:
(i) Provide the services that you request; (ii) Improve our Services and Web Sites (iii) Customise your experience, for example, provide advertisements that we think are relevant to you and which support any specific requests for information you may make through keyword searches;
(iv) To reply to you if you contact us through our Contact Us form.
 
Advertising/Social Media
 
We display adverts from Google and its partners, eBay and our own in-built advertising system. In addition we may display widgets from social media sites such as Facebook related to our site. These systems use Cookies in order to deliver relevant advertisements/content to our visitors. You can read more information about cookies and how to disable them by Clicking Here  
Log files/IP addresses
 
When you visit our Web Sites, we automatically log your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognised by our web server. We use IP addresses to help us administer our Web Sites and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.
 
Non personal information
 
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to our Web Sites. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Web Sites.
 
Personal information
 
We do not hold any financial payment information as we use PayPal to securely process payments for any services that we provide. You can request to see any data that we hold in relation to your customer account by Should you choose to advertise with us then we will require further information to enable us to advertise your business. This information will include your name, your company name, business information and contact details.We do not hold any financial payment information as we use PayPal to securely process payments for any services that we provide. You can request to see any data that we hold in relation to your customer account by Contacting Us at any time. 
You can request to see any data that we hold in relation to your contact with us by Should you choose to contact us then we will require further information to enable us to reply. This information will include your name and contact details.You can request to see any data that we hold in relation to your contact with us by Contacting Us at any time. 
 With whom is any of the information we hold about you shared?
 
We will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.  We will never sell, lend or otherwise make available any information relating to our customers or visitors.
 
We will only disclose information if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Online Merchants Ltd and its Web Sites, visitors to the Web Sites and customers of our Services.
 
Our Web Site contains links to the sites of third parties. When you visit these sites, we suggest that you read their privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
 
Security
 
We place a great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to user information. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
 
Where is the information stored?
 
Information which you submit via our Web Sites is stored on a computer located in the European Economic Area. This is necessary in order to process the information and to send you any information you have requested.
 
How can you contact us?
 
Should you have any questions regarding the above or any aspect of our site then please Contact Us  
Copyright © Online Merchants Ltd. Registered in England Company Number: 3768234
 
Updated: 26/05/2018
