The University of Southampton's privacy policy.This Privacy Policy together with the University Network Terms set out the terms relevant to the University’s processing of data obtained as a result of your use of our University Network and our obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 (“the Act”). Any personal information provided by Users accessing the University Network shall be processed in accordance with the Act and subordinate legislation. The data controller is the University of Southampton, unless otherwise stated. For further information about the University’s obligations under the Act and whom to contact for further information, please refer to the University’s Data Protection Policy. 1. Information the University May Collect From You1.1 Some sections of the University’s Network may require you to provide personal information to us in order for us to provide a particular service.  1.2 The types of information which we may collect and process about a User are: 1.2.1 Data that you provide in placing an order through the University Network, completing applications for entry into a Programme of Study at the University, application forms for accommodation, entry into Prize Draws and competitions and details of donations you make to the University; 1.2.2 A Record of any correspondence you send to us through the University Network; 1.2.3 From time to time the University runs surveys about various aspects related to its Services, including but not limited to surveys about certain Users’ travelling habits to and from campus, the student experience, graduate employability and so forth. These surveys are anonymous but in certain circumstances because of the other information we hold about Users who are also members of the University community a User may be identifiable;1.2.4 Whether or not you are required to enter your username and password to gain access to particular services, we will hold details related to each visit to the University Network including but not limited to all resources and services you have accessed, University Network pages you have visited, traffic data, location and communication data; and1.2.5 Where you are required to enter your username and password to gain access to the University Network or a University Network Service, over and above the information referred to above, we may also collect information about External Networks and resources you have visited, accessed or materials downloaded. 2. IP Addresses and Cookies 2.1 Cookies are small text files passed by us to your computer’s hard drive via your browser. These may be used by the University to collect information for the purposes of managing and improving the services on the University Network, establishing your browsing actions and patterns and preparing customised pages. No information personally identifying you is contained in the cookies. You can configure most standard web browsers to refuse cookies or warn you before accepting them. However, cookies enable you to take full advantage of the University Network’s most innovative features and if you adjust your browser setting to refuse cookies you may be unable to access certain parts of the University Network. For more information about cookies on our websites and how to control or refuse them, please refer to our cookies page. 3. Storing your Personal Data 3.1 All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers and any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. As the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, all information you transmit to our University Network is at your own risk. 4. Uses made of the Information 4.1 The Information we collect from you will be used to process any order, enquiry, request or application you have made to the University and generally to ensure that content from our University Network is presented in the most effective manner possible. 4.2 Where you have indicated your consent, your information may also be used by the University to: 4.2.1 provide you with information about Programmes of Study which could be of interest to you in the future;4.2.2 advise you of events, conferences, seminars, or other workshops and conferences which may be of interest to you; 4.2.3 send you information and updates about the University’s achievements in research, education and enterprise; or4.2.4 to send you details of any fund-raising campaigns. 4.3 If you do not want us to use your data in this way please ensure you tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data (the order form or registration form). You can also exercise this right at any time by contacting Legal Services. 5. Disclosure of your Information 5.1 Except as set out below and unless otherwise stated on the relevant form collecting your data, the University will not disclose your personal information to third parties. 5.2 Your information may be disclosed to third parties where the University is under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; or in order to enforce or apply the University Network Terms and/or any other agreements entered into between us; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the University, its staff, students, other Users of the University Network or any other person (including but not limited to third parties who claim that you have infringed their intellectual property rights and/or privacy rights). This data sharing includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 6. Access to Information 6.1 To request access to information the University holds about you please complete a Subject Access Request form. Please note that applicants will also be required to provide satisfactory proof of identity and to pay the appropriate fee. 7. Changes to this Policy  7.1 We may change this policy at any time by posting amendments to it and without the need for consultation. Please ensure you read the Policy that is in force at the time of your transaction. PDF downloads below.