Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:

Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
A record of any correspondence you send to us through our website.
Data that you provide in placing an order through the University Network, completing applications for entry into a Programme of Study at the University, application forms for accommodation, entry into Prize Draws and competitions and details of donations you make to the University;

Where you are required to enter your username and password to gain access to the University Network or a University Network Service, over and above the information referred to above, we may also collect information about external networks and resources you have visited, accessed or materials downloaded.
From time to time the University runs surveys about various aspects related to its Services, including but not limited to surveys about certain Users’ travelling habits to and from campus, the student experience, graduate employability and so forth. These surveys are anonymous but in certain circumstances because of the other information we hold about Users who are also members of the University community a User may be identifiable.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.
However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice. 
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data) unless we specifically ask you for your consent for us to collect this data through our online forms. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.