
Last modified on 18/03/15


            Welcome to the web site restream.io, and any other web sites, applications, or services that link to this
            Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Restream Service"), which sites, applications or services are operated
            or produced by Restream LLC. (“Restream”).
            

            Restream values the privacy of the users, publishers and others who visit and use the Restream Service
            (collectively or individually, "You" or "Users") and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and
            disclose information from and about you.
            

            By agreeing to this Privacy Policy in your Restream account setup, or by using the Restream Service, you
            expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this notice.
            

            This Privacy Policy applies to Restream collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information
            that identifies a specific person, such as full name, address, phone number, or email address). It also
            describes generally Restream’s practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests,
            demographics and services usage).
        
The Information Restream Collects

            User-provided Information : You may provide to Restream what is generally called "personal information" in
            the USA and elsewhere or "personal data" in the European Union (such as your name, email address, postal
            mailing address, home/mobile telephone number, credit card number and billing information) if you register
            for a Restream Service, or upload or download certain content or products from the Restream Service, enter
            contests or sweepstakes, or otherwise use the features and functionality of the Restream service.
            

            "Cookies" Information : When you access the Restream Service, we may send one or more cookies - small text
            files containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer.
            

            "Automatically Collected" Information : When you access the Restream Service or open one of our HTML emails,
            we may automatically record certain information from your system by using cookies and other types of
            tracking tools. This "automatically collected" information may include Internet Protocol address (" IP
            Address "), a unique user ID, device type, device identifiers, browser types and language, referring and
            exit pages, platform type, version of software installed, system type, the content and pages that you access
            on the Restream, the number of clicks, the amount of time spent on pages, the dates and times that you visit
            the Restream, and other similar information. Depending on the law of your country of residence, your IP
            address may legally be considered personal information.
            

            Information from Other Sources: We may obtain information, including personal information, from third
            parties and sources other than the Restream, such as advertisers or social media networks for which you have
            approved our access to information (e.g., information from your Twitch, Hitbox, Youtube, Ustream accounts
            provided by the APIs).When you access the Restream Service through social media networks you are authorizing
            Restream to collect, store and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We
            may also obtain information from third parties such as social entertainment platforms regarding your use of
            such services, including information about your use of the content you choose to broadcast through the
            Restream Service. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal information that
            we collect through the Restream Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information in
            accordance with this Privacy Policy.
        
The Way Restream Uses Information

            If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the Restream Services, we use your personal
            information to operate, maintain and provide to you the general and personalised features and functionality
            of the Restream Service and to process any flagging activity or correspondence you send to us.
            

            We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or
            marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific programme or feature for which you
            will have the ability to opt in or opt out. However, We may use your email address without further consent
            for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major Restream Service changes or for
            customer service purposes).
            

            We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally identifiable information
            (such as anonymous user usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve
            the quality of the Restream Service and to create new features, promotions, functionality and services by
            storing, tracking, analysing and processing user preferences and trends, as well as user activity and
            communications.
            

            To provide Restream service we use your personal stream channel name and key from each platform you use.
            

            We use cookies and log file information to: monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors,
            pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions and status in promotions or other activities.
        
When Restream Discloses Information

            Restream does not share your personal information with other organizations for their own marketing or
            promotional uses without your prior express consent.
            

            Restream may disclose Automatically Collected and other aggregate non-personal information with interested
            third parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage and demographic patterns for certain
            programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, or other functionality of Restream.
            

            We may disclose both personal and non-personal information to service providers working on our behalf to:
            provide web site hosting, maintenance, and security services; fulfill orders; analyze data and create
            reports; offer certain functionality; and assist Restream in improving the Restream and creating new
            services features. We require that these parties process such information in compliance with this Privacy
            Policy, we authorize them to use the information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them, and
            we require these parties to use reasonable confidentiality measures.
            

            Restream may disclose User information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to
            comply with US state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law) or other applicable laws around the world
            (for example, in the country of your residence); or respond to a court order, judicial or other government
            subpoena, or warrant in the manner legally required by the requesting entity.
            

            Restream also reserves the right to disclose User information that we believe, in good faith and after
            making reasonable inquiries, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability to Restream;
            protect Restream from abusive, fraudulent, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against
            third-party claims or allegations to protect the security or integrity of the Restream Service; or to
            protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Restream, our Users, or others. We will notify you of
            these disclosures if we reasonably think we can do so legally and without harming the purpose of the
            disclosure.
        
Your Choices

            You may, of course, refuse to submit personally identifiable information through Restream service.
            

            However Restream features may, for authentication purposes, require you to sign up. The privacy notices of
            those services govern the use of your personal information associated with them.
            

            You may update or correct your personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting
            your account profile page.
        
Delete Account Data

            If you would like to delete all data associated with your account, mail us with request on team@restream.io.
            This action is irreversible.
        
