Information Collected Using CookiesLike most websites, we use automatic data collection technology when you visit the Site to collect information that identifies your computer. This comprises information about your operating system, your IP addresses, browser type and language, referring pages and URLs, keywords, date and time, and what sections of the Site you visit (the "Usage Information").We collect this Usage Information by using cookies. Cookies are small packets of data that a website stores on your computer's hard drive so that your computer will "remember" information about your visit. You can reject cookies by following the directions provided by your browser vendor or by your Internet provider's "help" file. If you reject cookies, you may still visit the Site, but may not be able to use some areas of the Site.We use cookies on our Site (and the Usage Information collected) to help us identify you and analyze how you use our Site.We also work with trusted third party partners which use cookies to collect Usage Information about how visitors use our Site, for example, which pages our visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages on those pages. Until you become an Auth0® subscriber, these performance cookies don't collect information that identifies you as an individual. The Usage Information gathered is only used to improve how our Site works. The trusted third parties we currently work with include the following (click on the links to view these organizations' privacy policies and find out more about what data they hold about you, what they do with it, and how to opt-out from certain data collection):We also use one or more third-party remarketing services (including Twitter and Google AdWords) to advertise to our Visitors and Subscribers on third party websites. It could mean that we advertise to previous Visitors who haven’t completed a task on our Site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. These third-party remarketing service providers use cookies to serve ads based on a past visit to the Site. Any data collected by such third party remarketing service providers will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of such third party remarketing services provider. For more information on such third party remarketing service providers, including how to opt out from certain data collection, please visit the following links:.For Google AdWords, you can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.For Twitter, please visit: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171365We also use certain cookies which are strictly necessary for the provision of the Services to customers' end users who have requested those Services (for example, so that we can identify customers' end users). Use of these cookies is essential to enable us to provide the Services requested by customers' end users.Information Collected through the Site That IS NOT Covered by this Privacy Policy.Registered Users may voluntarily post information using blogs and other similar features available through the Site. NONE of the information you provide using these features is protected by this Privacy Policy. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY INFORMATION (INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION) THAT YOU PROVIDE USING BLOGS, OR OTHER SIMILAR FEATURES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION IS PUBLIC INFORMATION AND MAY BE SEEN, COLLECTED OR USED BY ANY USER OF THE SITE. By posting such information, you consent to the transfer of such information (including any personal information) from your country of origin to the US, and you acknowledge that the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework does not apply to such information (including any personal information).Information Collected and Stored on Behalf of Our Customers Using the Services.As part of the Services, Auth0® collects authentication data from your end users as per your instructions (“End User Authentication Data”), and may also receive End User Authentication Data from you. End User Authentication Data may, as determined solely by Auth0® customers, include personal information regarding your end users. Auth0® processes and stores End User Authentication Data for purposes of providing the Services. Auth0® does not have any relationship, contractual or otherwise, with your end users. You, as the customer (and specifically not Auth0®) are solely responsible for providing notice to, and obtaining all consents and other assurances required under applicable law from, your end users regarding the collection, transfer, processing and storage of End User Authentication Data by Auth0® including, for any end users that are residents of the European Economic Area.If you are an end user who would like to correct or delete your End User Authentication Data, please contact the customer, your application, API or service provider or contact us directly as set forth in the Section titled “Access to Personal Information” below.