PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON AT THE END OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY BELOW, OR BY USING THE WWW.ROBERTSPACEINDUSTRIES.COM WEBSITE AND RELATED WEBPAGES (THE “WEBSITE”) OR ANY OF THE CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE INCLUDING THE “STAR CITIZEN” GAME AND RELATED MODULES, INCLUDING “SQUADRON 42” (COLLECTIVELY THE “GAME”) AND ANY OTHER PRODUCT, ONLINE SERVICE OR WEB SITE (INDIVIDUALLY AND COLLECTIVELY THE “RSI SERVICES”) YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
1. Introduction
The data controller in respect of any Personal Information that you submit to us via the RSI Services (or otherwise) is Robert Space Industries International Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (company number: 08882924) and located at Freedom House, Church Street, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 1AX, United Kingdom (“RSI”, “we”, “us”, “our”). The Personal Information you submit to us via the RSI Services (or otherwise) will be processed by us or by data processors appointed by us to undertake processing on our behalf. 
If you want to know what Personal Information or Non-Personal Information we hold about you or if you have any other queries in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing us at privacy@cloudimperiumgames.com.  We will require you to verify your identity before releasing any information to you.
RSI respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting the information collected about you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use and store your personal and non-personal information.
2. What Is Personal And Non-Personal Information?
“Personal Information” is information that we have collected from you that identifies you, or which, in conjunction with other information that is in our possession, or is likely to come into our possession, may be used by us to identify you. 
“Non-Personal Information”, is information that we have collected from you which cannot be used by us to identify you.
3. Which Data Does RSI Collect And Use At Which Stage?
3.1. Use Of Our Website
3.1.1. General
If you access or use our Website we may collect the following Non-Personal Information:
Request (Name of the requested file)
Browser type/version (e.g.: Internet Explorer 11.0)
Browser language (e.g.: English)
Operating System (e.g.: Windows 7)
Resolution of the Browser window
Screen resolution
Javascript active
Java On /Off
Cookies On / Off
Color settings
Referral URL (the previously visited page) 
Time of Access
Clicks

RSI also may maintain log files which contain IP addresses. An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider and can, in certain circumstances, amount to Personal Information. In general, we use log files to monitor traffic on our Website and to troubleshoot technical problems. In the event of user abuse of our Website, however, we may block certain IP addresses.
We use the information set out in this Section 3.1.1 to optimize your experience of the RSI Services. The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.1.1 is mandatory. RSI is not able to properly provide you with the RSI Services without this basic information.
3.1.2. Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that you get the most out of the RSI Services. Cookies are small text files that are applied to your Internet enabled device by websites. Cookies allow us to store and then retrieve information on your computer about your visit to our Website (e.g. when you accessed the Website). We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor Website usage or to simplify your visits to the RSI Services (for example, by remembering your login details). 
We may also store flash cookies, also known as “local shared objects,” on your Internet enabled device if the Website uses Adobe Flash. Flash cookies are small files similar to cookies and are used to remember the Website’s settings to personalize the look and feel of the Website. Flash cookies only collect data in the aggregate. Like normal cookies, Flash cookies are represented as small text files on your internet enabled device.
The collection of information in this Section 3.1.2 is not mandatory. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, your web experience may be less satisfying without the use of cookies. For more information about how to reject cookies using your Internet browser settings please consult the “Help” section of your Internet browser (or alternatively visit http://www.aboutcookies.org).
The first time you visit the Website you will be presented with a notification that we use cookies. By proceeding to use the Website you are consenting to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy.
3.1.3. Analytic Metrics Tool And Other Technologies
RSI may also use its own or third-party proprietary analytic metrics tools and other analytics technologies to collect the information referred to in this Privacy Policy.  We may use such technology to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor usage of the RSI Services.
The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.1.3 is not mandatory, however, we cannot operate the Game properly without collecting this information. If you do not agree with this data collection and storage, we will need to deactivate your account and access to the Game.
3.2. Account Registration And Commercial Transaction
You may need to register for an RSI account in order to access and use some of the RSI Services (“Account”). If you register for an Account, in addition to the information we collect under Section 3.1 we will also collect the following Personal Information:
User name;
Password;
Email address;
Community moniker;
User handle; and
Birthday.

If you conduct and carry out commercial transactions via any of the RSI Services, in addition to the Personal Information set out above, we may also collect the following Personal Information and Non-Personal Information:
First name;
Last name;
Billing address (including street, ZIP code, country);
Shipping address for physical goods (including street, ZIP code, country);
Telephone number;
Data of transaction;
Object purchased;
Purchase price;
Confirmation email address.

We use this Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to: 
fulfill our contractual obligations set forth in our Terms of Service and comply with applicable law;
track the purchases you have made via the RSI Services;
remember which products you have added to your basket;
provide customer service to you in relation to your use of the RSI Services, to deal with enquiries and complaints relating to the use of the RSI Services and to notify you about any changes to the services that we provide via the RSI Services;
send you reminder and verification notifications such as password reminders.

We are obliged by applicable law to identify our commercial customers. We are also obliged by applicable law to collect and store detailed information regarding all commercial transactions, especially for accounting and tax purposes. We will only store your Personal Information and other Non-Personal Information for a reasonable period of time or for as long as is required or permitted by applicable law. 
The collection of the information set out in this Section is 3.2 mandatory. RSI is prohibited by law from providing you with commercial services without collecting such information.
3.3. Playing the Game
Within the scope of applicable law we may create user profiles about you. We may use these user profiles for enhancing or operating the Game, marketing or advertising. 
RSI may collect the following game related Personal Information and Non-Personal Information while you play the Game or use any of the other RSI Services:
feature usage; 
game play statistics and scores; 
user rankings;
click paths;
data that you may provide in surveys; 
your account preferences;
online profiles.

If you participate in any competitions, the relevant information such as your results or ranking may be displayed with your community moniker and handle on the Website.
We use this information to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, and to optimize game play and enhance your game experience. We will only store the Personal Information and other Non-Personal Information set out in this Section 3.3 for a reasonable period of time or for as long as is required or permitted by applicable law. 
When the Game, or any element or module thereof, is updated or “patched,” our patch routine may check your computer to see that you have the most recent version of Game-specific files; when you communicate within the Game or any communication feature in the Game or on the Website (e.g. live chat, instant message services and the like), even “privately” to another person, you do so with the understanding that those communications go through our servers, can be monitored by us and our third party service providers. Accordingly, you have no expectation of privacy in any of those communications and, accordingly, you expressly consent to us and our third party service providers monitoring any and all communications that you send and receive via the RSI Services. 
The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.3 is not mandatory, however, we cannot operate the Game properly without collecting this information. If you do not agree with this data collection and storage, we will need to deactivate your account and access to the Game. 
3.4. Misuse
In addition to Sections 3.1 to 3.3, if we reasonably suspect that any of the RSI Services or your Account is being, or has been, misused, including without limitation, by virtue of any:
DoS attacks;
hacking;
cheating;
fraud;
distribution of spam and/or viruses;
gold farming;
defamation, racism, hate speech etc.;
other violations of our Terms of Service,

RSI may collect further Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to verify or refute such suspicions within the limits of applicable law and taking into account your reasonable data protection interests. We will use this information to comply with applicable law and enforce our rights under civil and penal law against the respective users. We will store this information until the suspicion is reasonably refuted or for as long as is required or permitted by applicable law.
The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.4 is mandatory. We may not be able to enforce our rights without such information.
4. Will RSI Share My Information With Third Parties?
Other than as expressly set out in this Privacy Policy, RSI will never share your Personal Information with third parties without your consent. 
RSI may share your Personal Information with:
our affiliated companies, Cloud Imperium Games Corp, Cloud Imperium Games UK Limited, and Robert Space Industries Corp. (individually and collectively “CIG”);
third party service providers under our control and monitoring where such disclosure is necessary to enable us to provide you with any of the RSI Services and such third parties are contractually bound to process your Personal Information and/or Non-Personal Information under the same restrictions as are set forth in this Privacy Policy;
third party payment providers which are bound by strict privacy policies to carry out payment transactions with you; 
any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy or under our Terms of Service; and/or
any authority to which we are obliged by law to disclose your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information (e.g. tax authorities for commercial transactions).

We will not disclose your Personal Information to anybody else without your explicit approval.
5. How Does RSI Protect Your Personal Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards, to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and in storage. 
The Personal Information that you provide to us will be collected and processed by us or by data processors appointed by us to undertake processing on our behalf. Your Personal Information will be stored on servers owned by Google, Inc. (“Google”) or other third party service providers but which are controlled by us and/or CIG. Any Personal Information that you provide to us in accordance with this Privacy Policy will be adequately protected by this Privacy Policy, our contract with CIG and Google (or any third party service providers) and by the fact that Google complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. 
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you agree to allow us to store your Personal Information on Google’s Cloud Platform servers which will automatically mirror your Personal Information across numerous servers in multiple jurisdictions some of which may be outside of the European Economic Area and in countries which the European Commission considers do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal information.
We have implemented physical, electronic and managerial procedures in order to help safeguard and prevent unauthorized access, use, alteration, modification and/or disclosure of your Personal Information. Although we use reasonable efforts to safeguard the security of your Personal Information, transmissions made on or through the Internet and Personal Information stored on our servers or the servers of third parties that we use are vulnerable to attack and cannot be guaranteed to be secure. In addition, submissions made via e-mail are not protected by encryption and are vulnerable to interception during transmission.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, please contact us at privacy@cloudimperiumgames.com.
6. Review, Correction Of Your Information, Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And Deactivating Your Account
You can correct, update or delete your Account information at any time by logging on our Website and navigating to “My Account,” “View My Profile” or other Account settings. Should you be unable to log in your Account, please contact us at privacy@cloudimperiumgames.com. We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. If you wish to be removed from a mailing list or to have your account deactivated, please contact support@cloudimperiumgames.com.
7. Public Information Including User Generated Content, Online Forums, Blogs And Profiles
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Website or in public online chat rooms, blogs, message boards, user “profiles” for public view or in similar forums on our Website. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there.
 You should be aware that any Personal Information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages in breach of our Terms of Service. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums.
 If you post a video, image or photo on any of our Website for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied and/or used by other users without your consent. We are not responsible for the videos, images or photos that you choose to submit to the Website.
8. Third Party Sites.
Our Website may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as Twitter, Facebook and YouTube. The fact that we link to a third party website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party website or the operator of that third party website. If you click on a link to a third party site, including on an advertisement, you will leave the RSI site you are visiting and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as RSI. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to an RSI Service, you should consult that third party website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.
We may receive some of the information that you submit to any third party website that you access from an advertisement contained on any of the RSI Services. Both we and the owner or operator of that third party website will be the data controller in respect of any such information.
9. Products/Services Offered In Partnership With Third Party(s)
Members may register for other products and/or services via the RSI Services. Certain products and/or services available via the RSI Services are provided to you in partnership with third party(s) and may require you to disclose Personal Information in order to register for and access such products and/or services. Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you elect to register for such products and/or services your Personal Information will be transferred to such third party(s) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party(s). We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party(s) and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party(s) prior to providing your Personal Information in connection with such products and/or services.
10. Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you may contact us using the following contact information:
Roberts Space Industries International Limited.
Freedom House 
Church Street
Wilmslow 
SK9 1AX
United Kingdom
Privacy Policy Administrator at privacy@cloudimperiumgames.com.
Terms of Service: http://www.robertsspaceindustries.com/tos