
Watch2Gether Data Privacy Policy
[ Deutsche Fassung: https://community.watch2gether.com/t/datenschutzerklarung-deutsch/592 ]
Our website (www.watch2gether.com, community.watch2gether.com) may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider.
Florian Sailer Nogatstr. 33-34 12051 Berlin
florian@watch2gether.com
Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.
Cookies
Our website makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used to improve our website and services. In most cases these are so-called "session cookies" that are deleted once you leave our website.
To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically recognize you. Recognition occurs through an IP address saved to the cookies. The information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite your access to the website.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Server Data
For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is collected: 

type and version of the browser you use 
operating system 
websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL) 
websites that you visit 
date and time of your visit 
your Internet Protocol (IP) address. 

This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our website and services.
Purpose of Registering
We offer you the opportunity to sign up for our website to be able to offer you additional features. The information entered when signing up, as shown in the registration form
Email, Username, Password, Status, Avatar-Image
is collected and stored solely for use by our website. When signing up for our website, we also store your IP address and the date and time you registered. This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your data to sign up for our site. None of this information is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Newsletter
Our website offers you the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter. The newsletter provides you periodically with information about our services. To receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address. We will review the email address you provide for the purpose of determining whether you are in fact the owner of the email address provided or whether the actual owner of said address is authorized to receive the newsletter. When subscribing to our newsletter, we will store your IP address as well as the date and time you subscribed. This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your email address to subscribe to our newsletter. We will not collect any other data. The data thereby collected is used solely for the purpose of receiving our newsletter. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that other components of our website may collect. You may cancel your subscription to the newsletter at any time. You will find additional details in the email confirming your subscription as well as in each newsletter.
Contacting Us
On our website we offer you the opportunity to contact us. In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Use of Google Analytics with anonymization
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. Google Analytics employs so-called “cookies“, text files that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there. In using Google Analytics our website employs the extension, "gat.anonymizeIp". In doing so, Google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from member states of the European Union or signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Google uses this information to analyze your use of our site, to compile reports for us on internet activity and to provide other services relating to website and internet use. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process this data on Google’s behalf.  Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website. Furthermore, Google offers a deactivation add-on for most current browsers that provides you with more control over what data Google can collect on websites you access. The add-on tells the JavaScript (ga.js) used by Google Analytics not to transmit any information about website visits to Google Analytics. However, the browser deactivation add-on offered by Google Analytics does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analysis services we may engage. You can find additional information on how to install the browser add-on at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
Use of Facebook components
Our website employs components provided by facebook.com. Facebook is a service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a Facebook component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this Facebook component. Through this process, Facebook is informed precisely which page of our website is being visited. 
When you access our site while logged into Facebook, Facebook uses information gathered by this component to identify the precise page you are viewing and associates this information to your personal account on Facebook. Whenever you click on the “Like“ button, for example, or enter a comment, this information is transmitted to your personal account on Facebook and stored there. In addition, Facebook is informed of your visit to our website. This occurs regardless of whether you click on a component or not.
If you wish to prevent the transfer to and storage of data by Facebook about you and your interaction with our website, you must first log out of Facebook before visiting our website. The data protection policies of Facebook provide additional information, in particular about the collection and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this regard as well as the options available to you for protecting your privacy: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
In addition, tools are freely available on the market that can be used to block Facebook social plug-ins with add-ons from being added to all commonly used browsers: http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/ You can find an overview of Facebook plugins at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
Use of YouTube components
On our website we use components (videos) of YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, a company belonging to Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the YouTube server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by YouTube is provided by Google under the following link:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
Use of Vimeo components
On our website we use components (videos) of Vimeo, Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the Vimeo server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Vimeo is provided by Vimeo under the following link:
https://vimeo.com/privacy
Use of Vidme components
On our website we use components (videos) of Vidme a service operated by the Bit Kitchen Inc., Los Angeles, USA
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the Vidme server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Vidme is provided by Vidme under the following link:
https://vid.me/privacy
Use of Dailymotion components
On our website we use components (videos) of Dailymotion, 140 boulevard Malesherbes, 75017 Paris, France
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the Dailymotion server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Dailymotion is provided by Dailymotion under the following link:
http://www.dailymotion.com/us/legal/privacy
Use of Twitch components
On our website we use components (videos) of Twitch inc., 225 Bush Street, 9th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the Twitch server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Twitch is provided by Twitch under the following link:
 https://www.twitch.tv/p/privacy-policy
Use of Soundcloud components
On our website we use components (audio) of Soundcloud Limited, Rheinsberger Str. 76/77, 10115 Berlin, Germany
When you display a page that has an embedded audio player, a connection will be made to the Soundcloud server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Soundcloud is provided by Soundcloud under the following link:
https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy
Use of Mixcloud components
On our website we use components (audio) of Mixcloud Ltd, First Floor, 96 Leonard Street, London, EC2A 4RH, UK 
When you display a page that has an embedded audio player, a connection will be made to the Mixcloud server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Mixcloud is provided by Mixcloud under the following link:
https://www.mixcloud.com/terms/#privacy
Use of Amazon components
On our website we use components (product listings) of Amazon.com, Inc., P.O. Box 81226, Seattle, WA 98108-1226, USA
When you display a page that has an embedded product listing, a connection will be made to the Amazon server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Amazon is provided by Amazon under the following link:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496
Use of Google AdSense
Our website employs Google AdSense. Google AdSense is a service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, for incorporating advertisements. Google-AdSense uses so-called “cookies“, text files, that are stored to your computer and which provide analysis of the use of our website. Furthermore, Google AdSense uses so-called “web beacons“. Web beacons allow Google to analyze information, such as visitor traffic to our website. This information, along with your IP address and the ad format displayed, is transmitted to Google in the US where it is stored and may be transferred by Google to contracting partners. However, Google does not merge your IP-address with other stored data on you. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website. By using our website you declare that you agree to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner previously described and for the purposes there specified. 
Use of Cloudflare
The data of this website is delivered by the service provider CloudFlare Inc., 101 Townsend St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. All data being transferred to and from this website is therefore passing through the global network of Cloudflare Inc.
Further information about data protection by Cloudflare is provided by Cloudflare Inc. under the following link:
 https://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy
Information/Cancellation/Deletion
On the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.
Based on sample Data Privacy Policy Statement provided by the Law Offices of Weiß & Partner

