\nThis site is owned and operated by the Kuruc.info news portal. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At Kuruc.info, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.\nBecause we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.\nINFORMATION KURUC.INFO GATHERS AND TRACKS\nKuruc.info gathers two types of information about users:\n* Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, to participate in our message boards or forums, to email a friend, and from participation in polls and surveys:\n* Information Kuruc.info gathers through aggregated tracking information is derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers\' needs and to help our marketing department better understand the demographics of our audience. Under no circumstances does Kuruc.info divulge any information about an individual user to a third party unless ordered to do so by a court of law in the United States of America\nABOUT FACEBOOK COMMENT BOX\nKuruc.info cannot assume responsibility for the comments posted in the Facebook comment box under each article. We moderate unlawful comments but it may occur that we fail to notice such comments, so if you find any illegal comments please let us know at (szerk @ kuruc . info ) and we will ban that user.\nKURUC.INFO GATHERS USER INFORMATION IN THE FOLLOWING WAYS:\nOptional Voluntary Information\n1. Polling\nWe may offer interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular user. Kuruc.info may use a system to "tag" users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on any particular question. This tag is not correlated with information about individual users.\n2. Surveys\nKuruc.info may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our sponsors, advertisers and partners. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.\nChildren\nConsistent with the Federal Children\'s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.\nUsage tracking\nKuruc.info tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. Kuruc.info does break down overall usage statistics according to a user\'s domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user\'s browser).\nKuruc.info sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don\'t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.\nCookies\nWe may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Kuruc.info uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our forum system delivers a one-time cookie to hold logon information.\nYou can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you\'ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums, polling and surveys.\nUSE OF INFORMATION\nKuruc.info uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.\nAs stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in polls, surveys, message boards, and forums. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule (depending on the newsletter), and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something we are doing. Kuruc.info never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors, or partners.\nWhen we use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don\'t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in the Search function as one of many measures to see what interests our users. But we do not track which terms a particular user enters.\nKuruc.info creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for our marketing department and the Office of Information. This allows the Office of Information to provide essential information more effectively, and allows our users to receive content that is pertinent to their needs. Because we do not track the usage patterns of individual users, our marketing department will never know where a specific user clicked. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.\nSHARING OF THE INFORMATION\nKuruc.info uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our marketing department and better understand our audience\'s demographics. This is essential to keeping our service free. We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.\nSECURITY\nKuruc.info operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.\nOPT-OUT POLICY\nWe give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:\n* Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters.\n* Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users\nYOUR CONSENT\nBy using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Kuruc.info. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.\n(Kuruc.info)\n\n