Terms & Privacy   Terms & Conditions  TERMS AND CONDITIONS - GENERAL Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website. Accepting these conditions signifies that you have read, and understand these conditions, without reservation If you do not agree to these terms or do not understand what this means, leave now. These terms and conditions are applicable to all pages of www.eurogirlsescort.com     Introduction    We are not an escort agency, but an escorts advertising platform dedicated to both escort agencies and independent models. By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.     By accepting Terms & Conditions you also confirm that:  You are at least 18 years old (or of legal age in the jurisdiction in which you are currently located), have the legal right to possess and/or read adult material in your community and will not permit any minor to see any materials you find here. You agree, and confirm, that your use of this website is in full compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction(s) to which you are subject, and that you are not prohibited from using this website due to any restriction, including any age restriction.  • You are aware www.eurogirlsescort.com is an adult website that may contain sexually explicit photographs, video, audio, language, and other material • It is not illegal to view adult nudity or adult sexual materials in the community/locale in which you reside or your are currently located. You understand the standards and laws regarding access and use of this site and your solely responsible for your actions. • You understand if you use these services in violation of this agreement, you understand that you may be in violation of local and federal laws. • You discharge www.eurogirlsescort.com, its owner, and its moderators from any and all liability which might arise from your use of this site. • You agree not to download, copy, save, cut and paste, sell, license, rent, lease, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, or create derivative works from materials, code or content on or from this site without the prior consent of the actual owner(s) of the materials. • You understand that this website provides information about and links to adult entertainment providers. All personal and classified ads presented on this website are solely for informational purposes. www.eurogirlsescort.com does not evaluate, sponsor or endorse any of the services and services providers that appear in this directory, nore is www.eurogirlsescort.com affiliated with them. www.eurogirlsescort.com therefore accepts no responsibility and does not condone or participate in any form of immoral or illegal activities. If you find that any site listed in our directory does not provide healthy, safe or lawful services, please notify us immediate via email at info@eurogirlsescort.com • You will not attempt to bypass any security of www.eurogirlsescort.com. Accessing the site constitute an implicit acceptance of the foregoing terms of use. • www.eurogirlsescort.com can revise these terms and conditions at any time. Please read these Terms & Conditions any time you visit our website, since the terms and conditions are subject to change and are binding to you. • You confirm you have carefully read all of the above terms and conditions.    TERMS AND CONDITIONS - CREDIT CARD PAYMENTS  1. General a. These terms and conditions apply to all credit card payments made to www.eurogirlsescort.com. b. By making a credit card payment to www.eurogirlsescort.com, or by requesting Electronic Communications, you accept these terms and conditions. c. www.eurogirlsescort.com may amend these terms and conditions at any time by posting the amendment on its website at least 30 days prior to the effective date of change.  2. Authorization By entering your credit card information: a. You are stating that you are an authorized user of the credit card and that the associated information entered (account holder name, account number, billing address, etc.) is accurate. b. You authorize www.eurogirlsescort.com to charge the amount you have requested to your credit card.  3. Confirmation of Payment a. By clicking “Submit,” you are consenting to receive a one-time confirmation of this payment electronically to the email address you have provided to us.     Acceptable use  You must not use our Website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the Website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the Website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.  You must not use our Website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.  You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including, without limitation, scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our Website without our express written consent.  You must not use our Website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.  You must not use our Website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.     Users / Escorts  The photos and text of advertisers (“users”, “models”) published at Euro Girls Escort are provided by the users who are registered members of the Website, and who are responsible for the content of the advertisement, including the photos and the text.  Is not allowed to the users upload fake pictures. If we find such a profiles the whole account will be deleted immediately. If such an account has "Gold", active TOP or VIP status the amount won´t be refunded. Users can provide verification picture to proof that profile is real. Verification photo requirements are stated in each user account. Verification photo is for internal use only and never will be published.  Is not allowed to users of www.eurogirlsescort.com upload any content showing genitals. Such a pictures will be immediatelly deleted or blurred.  All models on this Website are over the age of +18 years.  We accept only members, independent models, escort agencies and strip clubs on the Website. Escort directories are not allowed to register any kind of profiles. If we find profiles that link to such sites, we delete them without any notification.  Our company will manually review each post and pictures before it goes LIVE online. If we determine that age of the model/escort is in question, we may ask for ID and age verification and we reserve the right to refuse to post if image does not fall into good business practices.  To delete and upload the same girls, create duplicated profiles or delete whole account and create new one for reason to reach TOP positions on the site is strictly prohibited. If we find such a advertisers doing this we delete them from our directory. The allowed way how to move profiles to the TOP of sections is to use "TOP 40 Gold" service in the account of advertisers.  Agency or Club can upload unlimited amount of escorts but escorts must be unique. Is not allowed to upload one girl more times. Such a profiles will be immediately deleted and if the user won´t respect our rules will be blocked.     2257 US Please read our 2257 Compliance Statement here.   Report Trafficking  Euro Girls Escort is wholly committed to raising awareness on the issue of human trafficking and engages in best practices and advocacy. In the event we become aware of any incident of trafficking, we cooperate enthusiastically with law enforcement and agencies involved in combating the abuse of human rights.  Please report any suspected sexual exploitation of minors and/or human trafficking to the appropriate authorities.      United States:     National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC)         CyberTipline - report child exploitation         24-Hour Hotline: 1-800-843-5678      Polaris Project - Report Human Trafficking: 888-373-7888     Dept. of Health & Human Services: 888-373-7888     Children of the Night: 800-551-1300     ACE National: 202-220-3019     Homeland Security Investigations Tip Line: 866-DHS-2-ICE     Dept. of Justice: 888-428-7581     FBI Office: http://www.fbi.gov/contact-us/field      Germany:     YPA Agent - Jugendschutzbeauftragter: Rechtsanwalt Dr. Daniel Kötz   WARNING SIGNS OF POSSIBLE HUMAN TRAFFICKING:      Does an entertainer arrive accompanied by another individual?     Does that individual speak for or appear to maintain control over the entertainer?     Does the entertainer seem fearful of that individual?     Does the entertainer have difficulty communicating, whether resulting from a language barrier or fear of interaction?  While one of these signs, on its own, may not present a trafficking concern, multiple signs indicate a potential red flag. Use common sense, and contact the appropriate authorities if you suspect that someone is being trafficked.     User content  In these terms of use, "your content" means material (including, without limitation, text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to our Website, for whatever purpose.  You grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your content in any existing or future media. You also grant to us the right to sub-license these rights and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.  You warrant and represent that your content will comply with these terms of use.  Your content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or us or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).  You must not submit any content to the Website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.  You must not submit any photos to the Website that have text links, logos, phone numbers or e-mails on them. We remove such images without notification.  We reserve the right to edit or remove any material submitted to our Website, or stored on our servers, or hosted or published upon our Website.     Free Advertisement  To approve listing at Euro Girls Escort directory we require to place Euro Girls Escort banner or text link at your home page on visible position. We usually accept first 3 positions. Backlink has to be with "do follow" atribut. If we find out that Euro Girls Escort backlink was removed we will automatically deactivate your account. Please take care that we have a banner detection system which regularly check whether our backlink is still on your site.     Paid Advertisement  The users may purchase banner or VIP and TOP ads for advertising purposes. The cost of purchasing can vary according to the product, country, banner size and period of time. Payment options can be found on the advertising page. We need up to 48 hours to active any advertisement after we’ve received the payment.  Because external links are not owned and controlled by www.eurogirlsescort.com, we strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party Site that you visit.  Amount of Gold coins which can be purchased. All payments below are one time payment (no recurring): 20€ = 100 Gold coins 50€ = 250 Gold coins 90€ = 500 Gold coins 140€ = 750 Gold coins 170€ = 1000 Gold coins 320€ = 2000 Gold coins     Refund policy  We want to keep our users satisfied by providing the best service, so we created a special refund policy in this area. The users may ask for a refund in 72 hours after the purchase was done. We can only reward a refund if they provide us a valid reason why the purchase was fraudulent or unauthorized, or for any other reason that we’ve found appropriate. Contact us at info@eurogirlsescort.com     Termination  We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.     Merchant  Eurogirlsescort.com is the registred merchant based in Czech Republic. Web No Limit s.r.o., Korunní 588/4, Prague, CZ, 12000 phone: 604111032     Liability  The operators of the website do not control, supervise, verify, investigate or authenticate any of the content, communications or representations by any third party Sites, so we strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party Site that you visit. We do monitor and verify all the user’s and advertiser’s posts, however we are not liable for the content, communications or representations posted by users or advertisers of the Website.     Privacy Policy  Your privacy is very important for us. We offer maximal discretion to all our clients and users. We do not collect personal information to trade, sell or give away in any way.  We have committed ourselves to protecting your privacy. We use the information gathered to enable your account and to enhance your online experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy. www.eurogirlsescort.com will not sell its database of customer details or details about customers to a third party. Any and all the information collected on this website will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned! We respect the right of users to remain anonymous and will endeavour not to knowingly disclose user identities unless directed by a court of law.  When you place an order through this website, we need to know your name, e-mail, phone number, address and credit card details if paying by credit card. This allows us to process and fulfil your order  When you place orders, we use a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, several layers of encryption and several layers of security to prevent unauthorised access protect all of the sensitive customer data we collect.  All credit card payments are processed securely through payment providers. Payment by credit card is the fastest way to receive your order, as there is not clearance delay. www.eurogirlsescort.com does not store any credit card information on our servers.  By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by www.eurogirlsescort.com . If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.     Changes To This Agreement  We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions. Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.     Affiliate program Agreement  In this agreement (the "Agreement"), the terms "Participant", "you" and "your" refer to you (the applicant), and the "Sponsoring Website" refers to the website from which users will link to Euro Girls Escort pursuant to the Affiliate Program which has been disclosed to and approved by us. Participant herein shall refer to the Participant and any of its affiliates, publishers, or members of it network. You shall be fully responsible and liable for the actions of your affiliates, publishers, and members of your network, and any services or actions provided through an affiliate, publisher, or member of your network shall be subject to and governed as if provided directly by You. In this regard, We can enforce all remedial measures available under this Agreement, and at law, for breaches of the Agreement by Participant or its affiliates/publishers directly against the Participant.  We use 75 percent - The Affiliate Program which has following conditions: - 75% commission - for every sale you refer: paid memberships and advertising - 360 days cookies - 75 percent commission even if a free member you have referred to us buys a paid membership or advertising several months later - 75 percent - for all membership renewals and consecutive advertising sales within 360 days - Monthly Payout - via PayPal or Bank wire transfer - last Wednesday in the month  You need to have a PayPal or bank account. Payout by Pay Pal is fully automated every last Wednesday in the month. No minimum balance. Bank wire transfer is fully automated every last Wednesday in the month with minimum balance 200€.  Chargebacks and fees - if Advertiser of Euro Girls Escort make chargeback and has been brought to Euro Girls Escort by our affiliate then affiliate´s payout for next month will be reduced with this chargeback amount. Payout ammount is also reduced with Pay Pal or Bank wire transfer fee.     