


AgriLand Media Limited fully respects the User’s right to privacy and complies with all obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. The purpose of the Site’s Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) is to outline how we deal with any personal data the User provides while visiting this website. Naturally, if the User is not happy with this Policy the User should not use this website.
By visiting this website, the User is accepting the terms of this Policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and AgriLand Media Limited is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites.
The Policy may change from time-to-time. Please check back periodically to see any updates to the Policy.
Information posted on Agriland.ie is obviously publicly available. AgriLand servers are located in Ireland. Therefore, if the User chooses to provide AgriLand Media Limited with personal information, the User is consenting to AgriLand Media Limited collection, use, disclosure of the Users’ personal information and to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers in Ireland were AgriLand Media Limited has facilities. AgriLand Media Limited collects and stores the following personal information:


email address, phone numbers, physical contact information, and (depending on the service used) sometimes financial information;
computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from www.agriland.ie  and ad data (all through cookies – the User can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site);
other information, including users IP address and standard web log information.


AgriLand Media Limited uses the Users’ personal information to:


provide the services
resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
encourage safe trading and enforce our policies;
customize, measure, and improve user experience and our services, content, and advertising;
deliver targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers to you according to your preferences.


AgriLand Media Limited does not sell or rent Users’ personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without the Users’ explicit consent. AgriLand Media Limited may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other’s rights, or protect anyone’s rights, property, or safety.
The User agrees to receive marketing communications from AgriLand Media Limited unless the User informs AgriLand Media Limited that the User would prefer not to receive such communications. If the User does not wish to receive marketing communications, the User simply indicates such preference by following directions provided with the communication. The User may not use the Site or communication tools to harvest addresses, send spam or otherwise breach our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy. AgriLand Media Limited may automatically scan and manually filter email messages sent via our communication tools for malicious activity or prohibited content, but AgriLand Media Limited does not permanently store such messages. If the User uses the tools of AgriLand Media Limited to send content to a friend, AgriLand Media Limited does not permanently store the User’ friends’ addresses or use or disclose them for marketing purposes.
Cookies are files which are transferred to the Users’ computer’s hard disk by a website. Cookies can store information about the Users’ preferences and other information which the User needs when they visit www.agriland.ie. AgriLand Media Limited uses cookies to monitor the Site, traffic, to ensure better service levels and in order to provide the User with certain features such as the customised delivery of certain information. To prevent the use of cookies the User should activate the facility which is available in most web browsers that enables a user to deny or accept cookies.
Statistical and analytical information collected through the standard operation of AgriLand Media Limited internet servers and logs provides AgriLand Media Limited with general and not individually specific information. AgriLand Media Limited will make no attempt to identify individual users, or to associate any technical information collected with any individual user.
AgriLand Media Limited, its directors, employees, servants and agents, affiliates or other representatives and their respective parent and subsidiary companies, shall not be liable in respect of any claims, emergencies, demands, causes of action, damages, losses, expenses, including without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to the User in accordance with this privacy statement and your consents.




The User should be aware that where the User links to another website from the Site, that AgriLand Media Limited has no control over that other website. AgriLand Media Limited has no responsibility for the privacy practices of other websites.
AgriLand Media Limited reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this privacy statement at any time, and the User should regularly check this privacy statement for any amendments.

Agriland Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Agriland Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Agriland Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites.


