At Udacity (“Udacity”, “we”, “us”, “our”) we respect your privacy rights. We have created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how we treat the information collected and received from your use of our website, “http:// www.udacity.com”. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website, and we are not responsible for the practices of persons, companies, institutions or websites that Udacity does not control, manage, or employ. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”) and other published guidelines, we do not release Personal Information about our users without their permission.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as it governs your use of Udacity.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use Udacity.
What Information this Privacy Policy Covers
Some of our Website’s functionality can be used without providing any Personal Information, though for features or services related to the online courses, personal information is required. If you do not use these specific features or services on the Website, then the only information we collect will be “Non-Personal Information” (i.e., information that cannot be used to directly identify you). Non-Personal Information includes information such as the web pages that you have viewed. In order to access certain features and benefits on our Website, you may need to submit “Personal Information” (i.e., information that can be used to directly identify you). Personal Information can include information such as your name and email address, among other things. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information you submit to Udacity. Inaccurate information may affect your ability to use the Website, the information you receive when using the Website, and our ability to contact you. For example, your email address should be kept current because that is one of the primary manners in which we communicate with you.
What You Consent to by Using Our Website
Please understand that by submitting any Personal Information to us, you consent and agree that we may collect, use, disclose and retain such Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, and as permitted or required by law. If you do not agree with these terms, then please do not provide any Personal Information to us. If you refuse or withdraw your consent, or if you choose not to provide us with any required Personal Information, we may not be able to provide you with the services that can be offered on our Website.  In addition, by making your Profile public you are consenting to share your Personal Information and any other information or materials you include in your Profile, with other persons accessing the Website, including potential or existing employers.
What Information We Collect
We gather two types of information about users through the Website:
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
When users come to our Website, we may track, collect and aggregate Non-Personal Information indicating, among other things, which pages of our Website were visited, the order in which they were visited, when they were visited, and which hyperlinks were “clicked.” We also collect information from the URLs from which you linked to our Website. Collecting such information may involve logging the IP address, operating system and browser software used by each user of the Website. Although such information is not Personal Information, we may be able to determine from an IP address a user’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
We also use or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and identify repeat visitors, the type of content and sites to which a user of our Website links, the length of time each user spends at any particular area of our Website, and the specific functionalities that users choose to use. Essentially, cookies are a user’s identification card for the Udacity servers. Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our Website and related functionalities. Cookies and web beacons allow Udacity to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience at our Website. Cookies and web beacons are not used to retain Personal Information. From time to time we may also use additional typical methods of collecting data.
You should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. If you reject our cookies, many functions and conveniences of this Website may not work properly.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect Personal Information that you provide to us when you sign-up for email updates or online courses, participate in our public forums, send us email messages, and/or participate in online courses or receive other services on or through our Website. Among other things, we may use the Personal Information that you provide to respond to your questions, provide you the specific course and/or services you select, send you updates about online courses offered by Udacity or other Udacity events, and send you email messages about Website maintenance or updates, among other things.
Profiles and Career Services
You can choose to share additional information, such as your work experience, resume and transcript, your picture, and answers to questions about your experience, studies and work preferences, when you create a professional profile through the career services we offer on our Website.  You can also share information by updating your Profile, uploading documents that include Personal Information, or answering questions or surveys we email you or present to you via the Website.  Collectively, the professional profile and the materials you provide through the career services are referred to as simply your “Profile.”
Please note, that by electing to make your Profile public on the Website, you are consenting to the following:


Your Profile and all the included information, materials, documents and pictures will be shared with, and publicly viewed by, other third parties also accessing the career services and the Website (including without limitation, potential employers, recruiters, other students or persons, and us);


Employers and other third parties accessing the career services can contact you via your email address (or any other contact information you have provided in your Profile);


We can share your Profile and all the included information, materials, documents and pictures with employers, recruiters or career related third parties.


We attempt to limit access to your Profile to legitimate users, and ask that potential employers keep your information confidential.  However, we cannot guarantee that other third parties will not gain access to this database. 
We cannot guarantee control of the use made of Profiles by third parties who access the Profile database.  Once your Profile has been disclosed, we are not able to retrieve it from the third parties who accessed it or ensure the destruction of it by those third parties.
You should not put sensitive information or other information you would not want made public, in your Profile.  If you do include such information in your Profile, then you agree that it is at your own risk and recognize that we cannot control third parties’ access to such information.  You should not provide any of the following information or data in your Profile:  (i) racial or ethnic origin, (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health or biometric or genetic details (vi) addictions, sexual activities (vii) criminal offences or proceedings (viii) information relating to unlawful or objectionable conduct, or (ix) any Social Security Number or national identification number.
You also should be aware that your Profile may be visible and/or monitored by your current employer if they have access to the Website.  In addition, if your employer has sponsored or paid for your course, your access to the career services may be disabled.
UPDATE
Udacity may offer you the ability to receive updates either via email or by posting on portions of the Website only accessible to registered users. In order to subscribe to these services, you may be required to provide us with Personal Information such as your name and email address.
FORUMS
Udacity may offer public forums from time to time (the “Forums”) where you can share comments and thoughts. In order to participate in the Forums, you may be required to register with us and/or provide us with Personal Information such as your name and email address. Please be aware that information posted or sent by or to you via any public Forum can be viewable by other users and the public.
PARTICIPATION IN ONLINE COURSES
From time to time, Udacity may offer you the opportunity to participate in an online course on or through the Website. If you desire to participate in a course, you will be asked to provide us with certain information necessary to conduct such a course. This information may include, among other things, your name and email address. Udacity, or its third party service providers, may also collect certain information from you in conjunction with assignments, exams and other assessments related to the online course. For example, as part of a proctored exam for a course, Udacity (or its third party service providers) may collect certain information from you in order to (a) verify or authenticate your identity or submissions made by you, such as a signature for a test or assignment log, a photograph or recording of you (e.g., using a webcam) or information included on a photo identification card or document, or (b) monitor your performance during an exam to confirm that you are abiding by the applicable test rules or requirements (e.g., confirming that you are not using prohibited resources). Udacity may also collect information from you or about your performance or accomplishments related to the course, such as quiz/exam scores, grades, project evaluations, teacher evaluations and other evaluations of your performance or accomplishments.
COMMUNICATIONS WITH UDACITY
We may receive Personal Information when you send us an email message or otherwise contact us through other means of communication.
PROVIDING SERVICES TO YOU
When you use certain services that are available on or through the Websites, you may be required to provide us with Personal Information. For example, Udacity may make available to you chat room services that allow you to communicate with Udacity staff members.
PURCHASES
When purchasing products or services through the Websites, you may be required to provide us with Personal Information, such as your name, address, billing information (i.e., credit card information and billing address) (“Billing Information”), shipping address, email address and birth date.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
We may receive Personal Information when you access or log-in to a third party website, e.g., Facebook, from our Websites. This may include the text and/or images of your Personal Information available from the third party website.
How We Use the Information
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways Udacity uses the information that we gather.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use Non-Personal Information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our Website.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
In addition to the other uses set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose and otherwise use Personal Information as described below.
UPDATES
We use Personal Information collected when you sign-up for our various email or update services to send you the messages in connection with the Website or an online course. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you.
FORUMS
We use Personal Information collected during your use of the Forums to facilitate your use of the Forums. In addition we may publish this information either on the Website and/or in other publications. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you and/or your designee(s).
PARTICIPATION IN ONLINE COURSES
We use the Personal Information that we collect from you when you participate in an online course through the Website for managing and processing purposes, including but not limited to tracking attendance, progress and completion of an online course. As part of our management and processing of the online course, we will use certain Personal Information to administer exams, projects, and other assessments for the online course. For example, as part of a proctored exam or exit interview for the course, Udacity may use certain information collected from you in order to verify your identity, or to monitor your performance during the exam to confirm that you are abiding by the applicable testing rules or requirements.
Sharing Information with Employers, Educational Institutions and Scholarship Partners.  
        We may share Personal Information that we collect from you when you participate in an online course if the course is sponsored or paid for by your employer.  For example, we may share evaluations or your progress in the course with your employer.  If you make your Profile public on the Website, and your employer has access to the Website, then your employer will have the ability to view your Profile information and materials.  Similarly, if you are taking a course sponsored or associated with a particular educational partner (e.g., such as a university or scholarship partner), we may share Personal Information about you and your performance with the university or scholarship partner, including to report on your progress in the course. If you are taking a course sponsored or paid for by your employer, we may share your progress in the course with your employer and other Personally Identifiable Information, they may also have access to your Profile if you create one in the career services provided through the Website.  This information may be shared at any time during the course or afterwards. Personal Information shared with our educational partners will be subject to the privacy policies and procedures of such partners. Also, we may archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you.
COMMUNICATIONS WITH UDACITY
When you send us an email message or otherwise contact us, we may use the information you provide to respond to your communication and/or as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you.
PROVIDING SERVICES TO YOU
We use Personal Information in order to provide services to you, such as services that you request in conjunction with the online courses. We may use your Personal Information in order to provide such services to you and for quality control purposes, and we may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you. For example, Udacity may make available to you chat room services that allow you to communicate with Udacity staff members and we may use your Personal Information to provide these services to you. Moreover, in certain circumstances, we may share certain information and materials with third parties in order to provide you services that you have requested. For example, we may submit your data to potential employers (please see the Section “Profiles and Career Services” above)
PURCHASES
We use Personal Information collected during the purchasing process to fulfill the order or request and provide the product or service to you (either directly or through our providers). Billing Information may be archived by us or our providers. We may archive Personal Information other than Billing Information and/or use it for future communications with you.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
We use the Personal Information collected from third party websites for internal purposes. To the extent such Personal Information contains images of you, you grant Udacity a limited, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of or publicly display such images and/or your likeness for fundraising.
DISCLOSURE TO OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS
Udacity may share Personal Information with third party business partners, such as companies that may be offering products or services or other opportunities that may be of interest to you, but only after obtaining your consent.
DISCLOSURE TO UDACITY SERVICE PROVIDERS
Our operations and maintenance contractors and other service providers (collectively “Service Providers”) may have access to your Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to us. These Service Providers may include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services (e.g., test proctoring services), and/or content related to the operation and maintenance of the Website or the online course. Access to your Personal Information by these Service Providers is limited to the information reasonably necessary for them to perform their function for us.
GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES, LEGAL RIGHTS AND ACTIONS
Consistent with legal requirements, Udacity may share your Personal Information, if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate, with various government authorities in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights or to protect our property; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. We also may share your Personal Information when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Udacity, the Website, our users, customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of Use and other agreements.
DISCLOSURE TO ACQUIRERS
Udacity may disclose and/or transfer your Personal Information to an acquirer, assignee or other successor entity in connection with a sale, merger, or reorganization of all or substantially all of the equity, business or assets of Udacity to which your Personal Information relates.
Third Party Tracking
Third parties, including linked sites and applications (e.g., Facebook and YouTube), customer support services and data analytics services, may collect information about you in connection with your use of the Website (e.g., usage information). Such third parties may use tracking technologies in connection with the Website, which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. In some cases, third party tracking tools may only collect Non-Personal Information about your use on the Website. However, in other cases, such third parties may collect Personal Information about you as they engage in these activities (e.g., customer support services may obtain your name and email address in conjunction with their support activities).
Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to Web browser signals or other mechanisms for the expression of choice regarding collection of information about an individual over time and across third-party web sites or online services (e.g., Web browser “do not track” signals).
External Links
For your convenience we may provide links to websites operated by companies other than Udacity (“Third Party Sites”) that we believe may be of interest to you. We do not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Sites without obtaining your consent. We do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Sites. If you choose to click on a link to one of these Third Party Sites, you should review the privacy policy posted on the other website to understand how that Third Party Site collects and uses your Personal Information.
Confidentiality, Security and Retention of Personal Information
We consider the confidentiality and security of your information to be of the utmost importance. Udacity takes a variety of technical, administrative, and physical measures to protect your Personal Information from disclosure to or access by third parties. Please note that we do not guarantee the security of Personal Information, as no method of internet transmission or storage is completely secure. Also note that we may retain and store your information in our databases and systems even after your Udacity account is deactivated as long as we have a legitimate purpose to do so and in accordance with applicable law.
Updating or Deleting Your Personal Information
You may unsubscribe from certain email communications by going to https://classroom.udacity.com/settings/personal-info or by using the “unsubscribe” link in our emails You may also update your Personal Information by logging into the Website and visiting your user account page. Keep in mind, however, that even after updates to your Personal Information, we may maintain and store older versions of such information within our databases, access logs and other records.
If you have any privacy-related questions or unresolved problems, you may contact us using the information provided below.
Changing Our Privacy Policy
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are subject to change. Any change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our Website. We will take legally-required steps to notify you of any material changes or modifications to this Privacy Policy. We will also change the effective date of this Privacy Policy (located at the bottom of this page). Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Udacity strongly believes in protecting the privacy of children. In line with this belief, we do not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information (as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act or “COPPA”) on our Website from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our Website is directed to persons under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access this Website at any time or in any manner. We will take appropriate steps to delete any Personal Information of persons less than 13 years of age that has been collected on our Website without verified parental consent upon learning of the existence of such Personal Information.
California Privacy Rights
California residents have the right to receive, once a year from Udacity: a) information identifying any third party company(ies) to whom we may have disclosed (within the previous calendar year) Personal Information (as defined by California law) for that company's direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of Personal Information disclosed. If you are a California resident and wish to obtain such information, submit a request at privacy@udacity.com; when you request the information, use the phrase “California Shine the Light Request” to help us appropriately identify your question, and include your mailing address, state of residence and email address so we can provide a response.
Privacy for International Users
Udacity stores information about visitors to our services and users on servers located in the United States. By using our services, you consent to the storage of your information inside the United States. If you are using the services from outside the United States and the European Union, please know the information you submit will be transferred to and stored in servers in the United States or other countries. The data protection and other laws of the United States and/or other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By submitting your data and/or using our services, you consent to the transfer, storing, and processing of your information in and to the United States.
Information collected within Switzerland and the European Economic Area ("EEA") may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of Switzerland and the European Economic Area ("EEA"). The information we hold may also be processed by employees operating outside of Switzerland and the EEA who work for us or one of our affiliates or for one of our vendors. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, (i) the processing of transactions and your payment details and (ii) the provision of support services. By submitting your information or engaging in Udacity courses, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
Contacting Udacity
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
Email: privacy@udacity.com

            Udacity, Inc.
            2465 Latham Street, 3rd Floor
            Mountain View, CA 94040
            Email: support@udacity.com
        
