This website is owned and operated by Jaludo B.V. (Jaludo). In this privacy statement, we explain how we handle the personal data we obtain through the site.Processing of personal data by JaludoJaludo respects your privacy and will ensure that the personal data that you may provide (by email) to Jaludo is always treated confidentialy and in accordance with the Dutch Personal Data Protection Act.Personal data that you provide us withFor some games it is possible or necessary to register on the website. Also, you can contact us via a contact form. When you do this, the following personal data is processed: name, user name, password, email address, birth date and gender.Jaludo processes this personal data for the conclusion and performance of the agreement between you and Jaludo for playing games and using other services, to be able to contact you, to inform you about new games/services and/or offers from Jaludo, to improve the website and services from Jaludo, and to perform market-research for Jaludo and its affiliates. Unless you have given your unambiguous consent to do so, we will not process your personal data for any other purposes.CookiesJaludo uses so-called cookies to use the information about your visit to this website. Jaludo uses this data to make your visit to this website easier. Jaludo furthermore uses cookies to analyze the effectiveness of this website.If you visit this site the following data will be stored in a cookie:- your IP address;- a session number;- username;If you do not want this, you can prevent the use of cookies by changing the browser-settings on your computer. This may have as a result that the usability of our website is reduced or that our website becomes completely or partially inaccessible.Statistical analysis by Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (Google). Google processes your IP address and information about how you use this website. This information is generated by means of cookies on your computer and then transmitted to computers of Google in the United States.Google uses this information to track how you use the website, to prepare reports on website activity for website operators like Jaludo and to offer other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may provide this information to third parties where Google is obliged to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not combine your IP-address with other data held by Google.Questions and right of access and correctionIf you have questions about the processing of your personal data by Jaludo, or if you want to see or change this data, please contact Jaludo through the contact-form on this website.