
We, Tennis-Point GmbH are the owner of the www.tennis-point.com website. We are committed to protecting your privacy and security information. Any information you as user of the website provide is received, stored and managed by us in line with our Privacy and Security policies detailed below which is in line with European regulation. By using our website you are agreeing to this policy and the use of cookies in line with the terms in this policy.PrivacyYou can serve our website without indicating your name or other personal data. We only save the name of you internet service provider, the webpage from which you visit our homepage and the name of the requested file. This information is only analysed for statistical reasons and serves for the improvement of our offers. You as user remain completely anonymous.Personal data is only collected if you enter it for the transaction between you and us or at the creation of a customer account or for the registration to our email newsletter. This data is only used for the settlement of the contract and the execution of your enquiries. After the complete settlement of the contract and the complete payment of the goods, your data is saved considering storage periods in terms of commercial and tax legislation. After expiration of this period the data is deleted. After the contract settlement, your email address is only used for the advertising purposes in form our newsletter if you had agreed to receive our electronic newsletter. You are able to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via the link in the newsletter or you can inform us of this by sending an e-mail to info@tennis-point.com or calling our Customer Service team. We will immediately delete your email address after receiving such notification.The personal details you provide when registering with us a client can be viewed and altered at anytime by you, in the ‘Login & Service’ section of the website.We only share your information in these circumstances: with agents (including credit reference agencies, credit card clearing agencies transport/logistics companies and our third party customer services provider), if and when our company is ever sold or purchased by another company, or with outside research agencies for research about our own goods and services. We will never pass your data on to a third party for marketing purposes.If you choose or are provided with a password you must treat such information as confidential and you are responsible for any activities that occur under your account. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by you to keep your password or other account information confidential. You have the right to view and correct the data we hold on you. You also have the right to stop the collection of this information on you and delete any information we hold on you. If you have any further questions concerning the collection, execution or usage of your personal data, do not hesitate to contact us. The same applies for correction desires concerning your personal data and for revocation of agreed consents. You will find the contact address in our company details.Information we collect maybe stored and processed in and moved between any of the countries we operate in. Cookies'Cookies' are small text files that are stored on you PC, phone or other web enabled device when you visit the Tennis-Point website. They are not harmful and do not contain any confidential information such as you home address, date of birth or credit card details. Cookies are used to improve and to secure our internet presence and to provide you with the best possible shopping and buying experience on our site. This is standard practice for all websites.By using our site, you also consent to the use of these cookies. Cookies are used on our site for the following reasons:Keeping track of items stored in your shopping basketPreventing fraudulent activities and improving securityConducting research and diagnostics to improve the content of our siteFacilitating our social media interchange with customers and followersIn most cases these cookies are so called "Session -Cookies". Session cookies are deleted automatically from your hard-disk after your visit of our shops. Cookies can be anonymous, meaning that they can not be linked to any specific customer detail. These days most browsers can be set in such a way as to inform you if a cookie is being sent to you, allowing you to refuse these cookies if you so wish. Under the heading `Help` in your browser's toolbar you will find instructions surrounding use and possible refusal of cookies. If you block or do not allow us to use cookies you can still visit the site, but it could prevent certain site elements/services from functioning at their best. Disabling/blocking cookies will limit your ease of use when visiting our site.You can find independent information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoice.eu.SecurityOur website uses the latest technologies to provide a safe, secure site for electronic commerce transactions, including secure socket layer (SSL) technology for payment transactions. SSL is a method for establishing a link between one computer and another safe one. Banks also use these links for online banking. You will recognise an SSL link by the little padlock which appears on the lower right in the menu bar of your browser and at the address bar which begins with "https" instead of "http". In this case the "S" stands for "secure". E-mail correspondence is not a secure means of communication as it is a free format text and can not be encrypted. Although we use advanced security measures to protect your information against loss, misuse and alterations, because of the nature of the internet we can not absolutely guarantee the security of your information provided to us over the internet and cannot be held responsible for this. 

