
Our privacy policy is currently available in German only.
These can be found at  https://www.tennis-point.de/datenschutz/ 
A national translation will be added soon.
Below you will find a machine translated version in your local language:

I. How to contact with
These instructions apply to the data processing operations by: 
 
Tennis-Point GmbH 
Hans-Böckler-Str. 29-35 
33442 Herzebrock-Clarholz 
Germany 
E-Mail:	info@tennis-point.com 
Phone:	+49 (0) 5245 / 8353 200 
Fax:		+49 (0) 5245 / 8353 499 
https://www.tennis-point.com/  
 
The officer by tennis-point is Prof. Dr. Thomas Jäschke
 
Data Tree AG 
Heubesstraße 10 
40597 Düsseldorf 
E-Mail:	office@datatree.eu 
Phone:	+49 211 93190-700 
Fax:		+49 211 93190-799 
www.datatree.eu 

II. Processing of personal data and the nature and purpose
1. Web hosting
The Web host for this site is 
SysEleven GmbH, substation ¬ stairway C, Ohlauer str. 43, 10999 Berlin (in the following "SysEleven"). 
SysEleven stores this website on their servers (hosting). The commissioning of a Web hosting service is required for the offer of this website. The use of SysEleven in accordance with art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO due to our legitimate economic interest to keep our offer on this website.
SysEleven stores this website on their servers (hosting). The commissioning of a Web hosting service is required for the offer of this website. The use of SysEleven in accordance with art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO due to our legitimate economic interest to keep our offer on this website.In connection with the hosting, personal data are processed by SysEleven on our behalf, that result from the following acts of the user: 

When you visit our website. 
in the framework of an order in our online shop.
When creating and using a customer account;
When you use our back-available function;
in connection with the use of the contact form.
in connection with our newsletters.

We have completed a job processing contract for hosting with SysEleven. Through this agreement, SysEleven assured that they process the data in accordance with the data protection regulation and ensure the protection of the rights of the person concerned.

2. When you visit our website
When you call up our website https://www.tennis-point.com/ be browser used on your device information to the server of our website sent automatically. This information is temporarily stored in a so called log file. Following information is collected here without your intervention and stored, and deleted after 14 days from the log files:

IP address of the requesting computer
Date and time of access,
Name and URL of the file,
Web site, from which it is accessed (referrer URL)
Operating system of the computer requesting information,
Browser type and version as well as additional information submitted by the browser (such as the operating system of your computer).

The data are processed by us following purposes:

to ensure of a smooth negotiation of the website,
to ensure of a comfortable using of our site.
to evaluate the system security and stability.
to the detection and prevention of attacks on our website,.
to continuously improve of the site as well as
to other statistical and administrative purposes.

The legal basis for the data processing is kind. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our interest is listed above for purposes of data processing.
In case of an attack on our network infrastructure, we will evaluate your collected IP address to the assertion or defence of legal claims.
In addition, we employ when you visit our Web site cookies, as well as analysis services. More detailed explanation of this see sections IV and V of this privacy policy.
3. In the framework of an order in our online shop
If you would like to order products as a guest or as a registered customer on our website, we will process the following mandatory information:

Salutation, first name, last name,
a valid email address,
Billing and delivery address
Depending on the payment method selected by you if applicable payment data (E.g. credit card number)

These data are processed,

allows you to identify you as our contract partner
to check the entered data for plausibility;
Payment processing and shipping your order.
If necessary to the personalization of advertising;
for the processing of any present warranty claims as well as assert of any claims against you.

We work in the context of your order 
parcelLab GmbH Landwehrstr. 39 80336 Munich 
as a service provider for logistics and transaction notifications together, where we address for messages to tracking numbers, as well as any input of returns etc. will send the data required for the shipping and any returns including your E-Mail. The service provider was chosen by our careful and commissioned, is tied to our instructions, and will be checked regularly, particularly with regard to the appropriate technical and organisational measures for data security. A data transmission in countries outside of the EEA does not take place here.
Data processing is carried out at your request and in the manner. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. b and lit. f DSGVO for these purposes for the fulfilment of the contract and other pre-contractual measures, as well as our legitimate interests required.
The personal data processed for the order by us is stored until the expiry of the statutory warranty and then automatically deleted, unless that we after article 6 para 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO due to tax and commercial storage and documentation requirements (from German commercial code, the criminal code or AO) for a longer storage are required or in a further storage type. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO have consented.
4.	When creating a customer account
They offer you the possibility to create a customer account with us. For the registration and the creation of a customer's account, we need following information:

Salutation, first name, last name,
Salutation, first name, last name,
a valid email address,
Billing and delivery address
Password.

You can also voluntarily more information (such as Make your date of birth).
These data are processed,


allows you to identify you as our customer
to check the entered data for plausibility;
to personalize advertising activities;
for the processing of any present warranty claims as well as assert of any claims against you.

We work with 
Emarsys Stralauer Platz 34, 10243 Berlin (in the following "emarsys")
as a specialized service provider for customer relation management to documentation, administrative and marketing purposes together, the we your master data (title, first and last name, postal code, location, email address) send. This service provider was selected by our careful and commissioned, is bound to our instructions and will be checked regularly, particularly with regard to the appropriate technical and organisational measures for data security. A data transmission in non-EEA countries does not take place.
Data processing is carried out at your request and in the manner. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. b and lit. f DSGVO for these purposes for the fulfilment of the contract and other pre-contractual measures and because of our legitimate interests required.
We store the personal data collected by us for registration and enrolment until you request the deletion of your account against us. In the case of deletion desire, we only provide the required information about your orders, unless a further storage on basis of art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit b DSGVO to the performance of the contract is necessary or we referred to in article 6 paragraph 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO due to tax and commercial storage and documentation requirements (from German commercial code, the criminal code or AO) for a longer storage are required.
5.Im when you use the back-available function
If your desired item is out of stock, you can notify of our back-available function, as soon as the item is again available. This is required to provide your name and your email address.
Data processing is carried out at your request and in the manner. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. b DSGVO and pre-contractual measures is required.
The personal data collected by us will be deleted after completion of the request made by you, except that we must keep this due to the nature of your request or we referred to in article 6 paragraph 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO due to tax and commercial storage and documentation requirements (from German commercial code, the criminal code or AO) for a longer storage are required.

6. In connection with the use of our contact form / customer services
You can send general enquiries via the contact form provided on our site. Here we query your first and last name and a valid email address. We need this information to your inquiry can answer.
Additional personal information like your address, order number or your phone number are not covered, unless these data voluntarily by you.
The data processing for the purpose of contacting us is made at your request and on the basis of art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. b DSGVO or to preserve our legitimate interests in accordance with art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our interest is to be able to respond to requests from our customers, and to ensure that a functioning customer service.
We work to the processing of your request with the following specialized service providers together, where we send personal data required for this:
Salesforce customercare Salesforce.com.inc, the landmark @ one market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105 (in the following "Salesforce").
This service provider was selected by our careful and commissioned, is bound to our instructions and will be checked regularly, particularly with regard to the appropriate technical and organisational measures for data security. Salesforce uses servers in Europe for this purpose, a data transmission in the United States will not take place.
The personal data collected for the use of the contact form we will be deleted after completion of the request made by you, except that we must keep this due to the nature of your request or we referred to in article 6 paragraph 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO due to tax and commercial storage and documentation requirements (from German commercial code, the criminal code or AO) for a longer storage are required.

7. In connection with our newsletters
This service provider was selected by our careful and commissioned, is bound to our instructions and will be checked regularly, particularly with regard to the appropriate technical and organisational measures for data security. Salesforce uses servers in Europe for this purpose, a data transmission in the United States will not take place.The personal data collected for the use of the contact form we will be deleted after completion of the request made by you, except that we must keep this due to the nature of your request or we referred to in article 6 paragraph 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO due to tax and commercial storage and documentation requirements (from German commercial code, the criminal code or AO) for a longer storage are required.As a customer or prospect, we would send you to our newsletter. If you are not our customer yet wish to receive our newsletter, we need only your email address and details for sending newsletter if you would like to be informed about products for women or for men. In addition you can us voluntarily your first and last name, so that we can address you personally. The sending is done upon your explicit consent (art.) 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO). If you already are a customer, we will send you on the basis of art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f, DSGVO and our legitimate interests, to inform you about current product recommendations (direct marketing).
For the personalization of the newsletter we use the following specialized service providers, to which we the necessary personal data (email address) as well as customer data, unless established a voluntary customer account with us have submit:
Emarsys, Stralauer Platz 34, 10243 Berlin (in the following "emarsys")
a. With emarsys we can measure the behavior of our registered users and newsletter recipients and evaluate. This includes the opening, click, bounce, cots, sign-out, and conversion rate. The evaluation is carried out through cookies or pixel tags, information such as the IP address, browser type /-collect version, E-Mail client, and time of the call. This can be who opens the mail and it clicks contained links track also. The analysis of the user behaviour is carried out for the purpose to identify reading habits and then align content, to measure the success of email campaigns, and to improve, especially to our you your interests based on relevant and targeted offers to present. A data transmission in countries outside of the EEA does not take place here.
You can contradict the personalization of the newsletter at any time by sending us an email to datenschutz@tennis-point.com send. If you do use this, we will make no more personalization, but may continue to send you our General newsletter.
In addition, also full unsubscribe from our newsletters is possible at any time, E.g. via a link at the bottom of each newsletter. Alternatively, you can map the logon request gladly at any time info@tennis-point.com by E-Mail send. Their personal data processed in this context and for the purposes of the Newsletterversands will be deleted immediately after logoff, but we reserve address the fact that you have objected to and email, to help you in To future not accidentally come to newsletter.

III. Disclosure of data to third parties
a. With emarsys we can measure the behavior of our registered users and newsletter recipients and evaluate. This includes the opening, click, bounce, cots, sign-out, and conversion rate. The evaluation is carried out through cookies or pixel tags, information such as the IP address, browser type /-collect version, E-Mail client, and time of the call. This can be who opens the mail and it clicks contained links track also. The analysis of the user behaviour is carried out for the purpose to identify reading habits and then align content, to measure the success of email campaigns, and to improve, especially to our you your interests based on relevant and targeted offers to present. A data transmission in countries outside of the EEA does not take place here.You can contradict the personalization of the newsletter at any time by sending us an email tosend. If you do use this, we will make no more personalization, but may continue to send you our General newsletter.In addition, also full unsubscribe from our newsletters is possible at any time, E.g. via a link at the bottom of each newsletter. Alternatively, you can map the logon request gladly at any timeby E-Mail send. Their personal data processed in this context and for the purposes of the Newsletterversands will be deleted immediately after logoff, but we reserve address the fact that you have objected to and email, to help you in To future not accidentally come to newsletter.In particular, as far as this permitted by law and by type. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. b DSGVO the handling of contractual relations with you is required, be given your personal information to third parties.
1. For payment processing 
The transfer of payment data on payment or credit institutions includes to complete a payment transaction. For the processing, it may be necessary that we pass on the personal data collected in the payment process, such as name, address, telephone number, E-Mail address, credit card or bank account details and transaction information to the payment service provider. Usually, the payment service provider but even collect this data. The propagated data may be used by the third party exclusively for these purposes.
In the context of the performance of the contract in accordance with art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. We use b DSGVO for the payment of the following listed payment service provider (payment service provider).

a. Credit card payments
If you pay by credit card (Visa/MasterCard), your payment data are gem. Art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. (b) DSGVO for the 
Ingenico GmbH (Pfalzburger Straße 43-44, 10717 Berlin)
collected, stored and disclosed only to the companies involved in the payment process.
With the credit card payment, you accept the terms and conditions of the payment provider. A collection or storing of payment data by us is not done in this case.
More information are available in the privacy of your credit card company.
b. cash
collected, stored and disclosed only to the companies involved in the payment process.With the credit card payment, you accept the terms and conditions of the payment provider. A collection or storing of payment data by us is not done in this case.More information are available in the privacy of your credit card company.If you select of the payment method "Bar number", we give your personal data (first and last name, street, house number, postal code, place, date of birth, email address and possibly phone number) on the payment service provider for the purpose of processing payment
Cash Payment Solutions GmbH, Dircksenstr. 40, 10178 Berlin
further, so that the cash payment solutions GmbH you for the specific transaction an individually generated number or bar code (sog. "Payment") can provide. Using this number certificate, it is possible to settle the transaction costs in cash in the commercial premises of partner companies of cash payment solutions GmbH you. To process of the payment method "Bar number", the cash payment solutions GmbH is the credit institution
further, so that the cash payment solutions GmbH you for the specific transaction an individually generated number or bar code (sog. "Payment") can provide. Using this number certificate, it is possible to settle the transaction costs in cash in the commercial premises of partner companies of cash payment solutions GmbH you. To process of the payment method "Bar number", the cash payment solutions GmbH is the credit institutionNordFinanz Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Martini road 48, 28195 Bremen (hereinafter "NordFinanz")
a. The cash payment solutions GmbH, as well as the NordFinanz use your personal data solely for the purposes of the implementation of the payment method "Bar number" and to comply with money laundering regulations.

c. Payment with PayPal
a. The cash payment solutions GmbH, as well as the NordFinanz use your personal data solely for the purposes of the implementation of the payment method "Bar number" and to comply with money laundering regulations.We offer payment processing by means of the payment service provider
PayPal PayPal (Europe) S. s.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, l 2449 Luxembourg (in the following "PayPal")
on. When you pay with your PayPal account, they will be redirected from PayPal on the website. There, they can log in with their account details and make the payment. Select the payment options "Debit", "Credit card" or "Purchase on account", you will be redirected also on the website of PayPal. There, you can instruct the payment with or without a PayPal account with the payment information. We have no access to the personal data collected by PayPal. PayPal is responsible for their processing.
For more information about data protection in connection with PayPal, in the d. Payment with Amazon pay
on. When you pay with your PayPal account, they will be redirected from PayPal on the website. There, they can log in with their account details and make the payment. Select the payment options "Debit", "Credit card" or "Purchase on account", you will be redirected also on the website of PayPal. There, you can instruct the payment with or without a PayPal account with the payment information. We have no access to the personal data collected by PayPal. PayPal is responsible for their processing.For more information about data protection in connection with PayPal, in the  PayPal privacy policy.We offer payment processing by means of the payment service provider
Amazon pay of the Amazon Payments Europe s.c.a.., 5 Rue Plaetis, 2338 Luxembourg (in the following "Amazon pay")
on. With Amazon pay you can pay on our site, without disclose your payment information to us to. If you pay with your Amazon account, they will be redirected from Amazon on the site. There, they can log in with their account details and make the payment. We have no access to the personal data collected by Amazon pay. Amazon pay is responsible for their processing.
For more information about data protection in connection with Amazon pay, in the privacy of 2. To the credit check  
on. With Amazon pay you can pay on our site, without disclose your payment information to us to. If you pay with your Amazon account, they will be redirected from Amazon on the site. There, they can log in with their account details and make the payment. We have no access to the personal data collected by Amazon pay. Amazon pay is responsible for their processing.For more information about data protection in connection with Amazon pay, in the privacy of  Amazon pay We offer you the possibility to pay your order on invoice or by direct debit. When selecting these payment options, we go in advance. Once the order is completed, us is an automatic parameter screening on the basis of customer data, including address, carried. Then can be your personal data to one of the following service providers:

infoscore Consumer Data GmbH Rheinstraße 99 76532 Baden-Baden 
Creditreform Boniversum GmbH Hellersbergstraße 11 41460 Neuss
CRIFGmbH Kaiserstraße 217 76133 Karlsruhe


For more information on infoscore Consumer Data GmbH and your rights and objections, see  here  
You will find more information about Creditreform Boniversum and to your stakeholders - and opposition rights here.
These providers allow assessing the credit risk if necessary by credit bureaus perform and get information and if necessary credit information on basis of mathematical and statistical procedures (scoring) in their calculation among other things address data incorporated.
The collection, storage, and distribution takes place therefore for the purposes of credit assessment and in our interest to avoid a payment failure and fraud prevention based on the type. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f' DSGVO. A statistical probability for a loan default and thus your ability to pay (credit) is calculated based on this information. If the credit check is positive, an order on invoice or by direct debit is possible. The credit check is negative, we decide whether a payment on invoice or by direct debit is still possible. The decision is based mainly on an automated decision, but a manual check done by one of our staff.

3. Fraud prevention
In addition we provide due to our legitimate interests of fraud prevention to the
Risk.Ident GmbH at am Sandtorkai 50 20457 Hamburg Germany (in the following Risk.Ident)
Information about non-claim-related behavior (for example, data has already occurred to devices of which fraud). We have also commissioned Risk.Ident to process data on the Web sites of our Web shop with the help of cookies and tracking technologies for the discovery of the device used by the user. A mapping to a particular user is not done. As far as IP addresses are collected through Risk.Ident, they are immediately encrypted. The data are deposited by Risk.Ident in a database of fraud prevention, where the stored data to devices by us whose using it already (attempted) acts of fraud has come, are stored. Also, no allocated to specific users.
In part of the order process on our website, we get a risk assessment to the terminal device of the user from the database of Risk.Ident. This risk assessment regarding the likelihood of a fraud attempt takes into account among others, whether the device is a has chosen through various service providers, whether the device has a frequently changing geo-reference, as many transactions via the mobile device were made and whether to use a proxy connection.
"We will also inform you that in part payment for your order by means of Ingenico in addition the solution, fraud expert" comes to the application and yours personal data through
Information about non-claim-related behavior (for example, data has already occurred to devices of which fraud). We have also commissioned Risk.Ident to process data on the Web sites of our Web shop with the help of cookies and tracking technologies for the discovery of the device used by the user. A mapping to a particular user is not done. As far as IP addresses are collected through Risk.Ident, they are immediately encrypted. The data are deposited by Risk.Ident in a database of fraud prevention, where the stored data to devices by us whose using it already (attempted) acts of fraud has come, are stored. Also, no allocated to specific users.In part of the order process on our website, we get a risk assessment to the terminal device of the user from the database of Risk.Ident. This risk assessment regarding the likelihood of a fraud attempt takes into account among others, whether the device is a has chosen through various service providers, whether the device has a frequently changing geo-reference, as many transactions via the mobile device were made and whether to use a proxy connection. "We will also inform you that in part payment for your order by means of Ingenico in addition the solution, fraud expert" comes to the application and yours personal data throughIngenico e-commerce solutions SPRL, Boulevard de la Woluwe 102 - 8-1200 Brussels (Belgium),
be processed for the purpose of fraud prevention and fight against ("determination of the risk factor of a transaction / acquisition and management resulting alerts / information on dealers, manual" review of transactions, involving a) certain risk / valuation modeling). The collection of some personal data is it unavoidable. Otherwise could your transaction be delayed or canceled and your order cancelled. The data are for the relevant departments of the units involved in the processing of Ingenico e-commerce solutions, for merchants, as well as for third parties determined, integrating them is required to a correct payment processing or the The services offered to ensure operability. 
Processed thus for the purpose of fraud prevention on the basis of art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.

4. To the dispatch of your order
be processed for the purpose of fraud prevention and fight against ("determination of the risk factor of a transaction / acquisition and management resulting alerts / information on dealers, manual" review of transactions, involving a) certain risk / valuation modeling). The collection of some personal data is it unavoidable. Otherwise could your transaction be delayed or canceled and your order cancelled. The data are for the relevant departments of the units involved in the processing of Ingenico e-commerce solutions, for merchants, as well as for third parties determined, integrating them is required to a correct payment processing or the The services offered to ensure operability.Processed thus for the purpose of fraud prevention on the basis of art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.To send your order in our shop (art.) 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. b DSGVO), as well as because of our legitimate interests, as easy as possible to make the shipping for you (art.) 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO), we transmit your data, you as a delivery address on shipping provider, transporting your shipment for purposes of the delivery of goods as well as goods delivery announcement. These service providers are subject to the postal secrecy. 
5. For internal management and promotional purposes 
We are a majority-owned the SiGNA retail GmbH company and is part of the SIGNAretail group. As such we make selfmade person data (pseudonymised user profiles) for the part in the context of a contract relationship
SIGNA retail GmbH, Freyung 3, 1010 Vienna (in the following "SIGNA")
visible for evaluation and marketing purposes (such as Google Analytics and Salesforce DMP). The transmission occurs on the basis of art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO and our legitimate interests on a pseudonymous analysis of data by the SIGNA retail group.
You can object described at any time, the promotional use of your person directure data under IV. and V. without giving reasons. In this case, also the SIGNA can no longer see a person directure data concerning you.

6. To review requests
a. Ausgezeichnet.org
If you during or after your order have given your explicit consent for us, we transmit the unique memory of the duty of a customer assessment for the assessment platform to your E-Mail address
ausgezeichnet.org of AUBII GmbH, Alsterufer 34, 20354 Hamburg
in terms of related performance and / or the product. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.

b. trusted shops
in terms of related performance and / or the product. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.Once you have placed an order in our online shop, we send your E-Mail address to the
Trusted Shops GmbH, Subbelrather Str. 15c, 50823 Köln (www.trustedshops.de),
for you by trusted shops if necessary by E-Mail to the possibility of dispensing an evaluation reminds to be. The delivery is done on basis of our legitimate interests to best adapt our shopping experience to the needs of our customers based on your reviews and based on art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.

c. Google reviews
for you by trusted shops if necessary by E-Mail to the possibility of dispensing an evaluation reminds to be. The delivery is done on basis of our legitimate interests to best adapt our shopping experience to the needs of our customers based on your reviews and based on art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.You have the opportunity to evaluate the purchase process on our website through the survey by Google customer reviews. If you participate in expressly agree to (art.) 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. a survey is sent a DSGVO), after the order of Google. To do this, we provide the following information about your order

Order ID
Your email address
the country to which the order will be delivered
the delivery date of your order, as well as
the global trade item number to assign the review data to one of our articles

on Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, mountain view, CA 94043, United States (in the following:) 'Google') in the United States. Google complies with the data protection provisions of the "US-Privacy-shield" and is registered with the "US-Privacy shield" program of the U.S. Department of Commerce. You can withdraw your agreement at any time against us. This has the consequence that we may no longer continue the data processing based on this agreement, for the future.
7. For voucher offers of the Sovendus GmbH
For selecting a current interest coupon offer are of us artists and encrypted the hash of your email address and your IP address to the
Sovendus GmbH, Moltkestr. 11, 76133 Karlsruhe (Sovendus)
delivered (art.) 6 ABS. 1 f DSGVO).
The pseudonymous hash of the email address used to take account of a may present conflict against advertising by Sovendus (art.) 21 ABS. 3, art. 6 ABS. 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO). The IP address is used exclusively for purposes of data security by Sovendus and after seven days anonymized normally (art.) 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 f DSGVO). Also, we give artists order orders with currency, session ID, coupon code and time stamp of Sovendus (art.) for billing purposes, 6 ABS. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO). If you are interested in a coupon offer from Sovendus, to your email address no advertising contradiction exists and click on the coupon banner appears only in this case, are encrypted by us title, name, and your email address to Sovendus to the Preparation of the voucher delivered (art.) 6 ABS. 1B, f DSGVO).
You will find more information about the processing of your data by Sovendus 8. For the integration of the trusted shops Trustbadges
delivered (art.) 6 ABS. 1 f DSGVO).The pseudonymous hash of the email address used to take account of a may present conflict against advertising by Sovendus (art.) 21 ABS. 3, art. 6 ABS. 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO). The IP address is used exclusively for purposes of data security by Sovendus and after seven days anonymized normally (art.) 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 f DSGVO). Also, we give artists order orders with currency, session ID, coupon code and time stamp of Sovendus (art.) for billing purposes, 6 ABS. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO). If you are interested in a coupon offer from Sovendus, to your email address no advertising contradiction exists and click on the coupon banner appears only in this case, are encrypted by us title, name, and your email address to Sovendus to the Preparation of the voucher delivered (art.) 6 ABS. 1B, f DSGVO).You will find more information about the processing of your data by Sovendus here To display our trusted shops seal seal and the trusted shops products for buyer to an order, the trusted shops Trustbadge is included on this website.
This is intended to safeguard our vast within the framework of interests interests at an optimal marketing of our site (art.) 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO). Are the Trustbadge and the services that advertised an offer
Trusted Shops GmbH, Subbelrather str. 15C, 50823 Cologne.
The call of the Trustbadges the Web server stores a so-called server log file automatically, E.g. Contains your IP address, date and time of the retrieval, amount of data and the requesting provider (access data) and document retrieval. This access data is not evaluated and no later than seven days after the end of your page visit automatically overwritten.

9. If you click on embedded YouTube videos
The call of the Trustbadges the Web server stores a so-called server log file automatically, E.g. Contains your IP address, date and time of the retrieval, amount of data and the requesting provider (access data) and document retrieval. This access data is not evaluated and no later than seven days after the end of your page visit automatically overwritten.We rely on our website on the basis of art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO and our legitimate interests, interesting to design our website appearance for you components (videos) of the company of YouTube, LLC 901 cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, United States (In the following:) 'YouTube'), a company of the
Google LLC, Amphitheatre Parkway, mountain view, CA 94043, United States (In the following:) "Google"),
a. 
This, we use the "Advanced Privacy mode" option provided by YouTube: If you call a page that has an embedded video, connect to the YouTube servers, and while the content represented by communication to your browser on the Internet page. According to the information from YouTube is your data in the "Advanced Privacy mode" only then – in particular which of our Web pages you visited, as well as device-specific information, including the IP address - to the YouTube servers in the United States submits, if you the Watch the video. By clicking on the video, you only throw this delivery. 
You are logged in, at the same time on YouTube this information will be associated with your member account at YouTube. You can prevent this by you log off before visiting our website from your member account.
Google complies with the data protection provisions of the "US-Privacy-shield" and is registered with the "US-Privacy shield" program of the U.S. Department of Commerce.
For more information about data protection in the context of YouTube, in the 10.	For other purposes
a.This, we use the "Advanced Privacy mode" option provided by YouTube: If you call a page that has an embedded video, connect to the YouTube servers, and while the content represented by communication to your browser on the Internet page. According to the information from YouTube is your data in the "Advanced Privacy mode" only then – in particular which of our Web pages you visited, as well as device-specific information, including the IP address - to the YouTube servers in the United States submits, if you the Watch the video. By clicking on the video, you only throw this delivery.You are logged in, at the same time on YouTube this information will be associated with your member account at YouTube. You can prevent this by you log off before visiting our website from your member account.Google complies with the data protection provisions of the "US-Privacy-shield" and is registered with the "US-Privacy shield" program of the U.S. Department of Commerce.For more information about data protection in the context of YouTube, in the Google privacy policy.In addition, we disclose your personal data to third parties only, if:

You your style. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO have given express consent to do so,.
in the event that the distribution by type. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. c DSGVO a legal obligation, as well as
the transfer type. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO is necessary for the claim, exercise or defense of legal claims and is no reason to believe that you have an overriding legitimate interest of the non-proliferation regime of your data.

IV.	Cookies and pixel tags 
1. What are cookies and pixel tags?
We use our cookies page. These are small files created automatically to your browser and stored on your device (laptop, Tablet, Smartphone etc.), when you visit our site. Cookies do no harm on your device that contain any viruses, Trojan horses or other malicious software.
Information is stored in the cookie, each arising in connection with the specific used device. However, this does not mean that we immediately obtain as a result of your identity.
We use pixel tags (called also beacons or tracking pixels) within the framework of our online services. Pixels are tiny graphics that are included via the HTML code of our page. Through the pixel tag itself, no information is stored on your device or changed, so even pixels do no harm on your device, contain no viruses, Trojans or other malicious software.
Pixel can personal information, such as your IP address, the referrer URL of the visited site, the time at which the pixel was considered, the browser used, and previously set cookie information to send to a Web server. It is possible to perform range measurements and other statistical reports, which serve the optimization of our offer.
On the one hand, the use of cookies serves to make use of our offer for you more comfortable. So we use so-called session cookies, to recognize that you have already visited individual pages of our website, you are already signed in to your user account or to the shopping cart display. These are automatically deleted after leaving our site.
In addition we use also temporary, so-called comfort-cookies to enhance the user experience, stored for a certain period on your device. Visit our page again to make use of our services, is automatically detected that you have already been with us and what inputs and settings have made them not even having to type them. Typically, they are deleted after a maximum of 30 days. Only such comfort cookies that relate to language settings save these 365 days.
On the other hand, we put in the context of third-party tools cookies and pixel tags to capture statistically the use of our website and for the purposes of optimising our offer for you to evaluate (see V). This analysis, tracking and Tageting cookies enable us to detect that you have already been with us while visiting our site again. These cookies are automatically deleted after each defined time.

2. On what legal basis is based processing using cookies and pixel tags?
Through cookies and pixel tags processed data are for the mentioned purposes to preserve our legitimate interests on the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our offer as well as the legitimate interests of third parties according to type. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO required. 
3. What are the opt-out options do you have?
Most browsers automatically accept cookies and pixels. You can configure your browser so that no cookies on your computer are stored or always a warning appears before a new cookie will be created.
However, the complete disabling of cookies can cause that you can use all features of our site. You can find instructions on how to switch off cookies on your browser in the help function of your browser or click the following links:
Mozilla FireFox
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Opera
Safari
 Microsoft Internet Explorer 11
Microsoft Internet Explorer 10
Microsoft Internet Explorer 9
You can prevent the use of pixels on our pages through appropriate tools and browser add-ons, (E.g. through the add-on "AdBlock").
Additional opt-out methods, see the following information about the we use tracking and targeting measures.

V. tracking and targeting 
The below listed and we use tracking and targeting measures are based on the type. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f carried out DSGVO.
With the tracking measures to use, we want to ensure a demand-oriented design and the continuous optimization of our website. On the other hand we use the tracking measures, to capture statistically the use of our website. Also, of the employed targeting interventions, we want to ensure that only on your actual or alleged interests-oriented advertising is shown you on your devices.
The specific purposes of the data processing and data categories can be found in the description of the appropriate tracking tools.

1.	affilinet
On our site it is due to our legitimate interests to. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO the network of affilinet GmbH, Sapporo arc 6-8, 80637 Munich (In the following "affilinet") to use. We can analyze promotional content delivery and the success of campaigns by affilinet.
Within this service, affilinet to the documentation of transactions (E.g. by leads and sales) stores cookies on devices of users who visit our website. These cookies alone the purpose of correct assignment of the success of an advertisement and the corresponding settlement within the framework of the network. A cookie will be placed only the information about when clicked a particular advertising material by a device and in the case of an order the oder sum, order ID, whether it is a new or existing customers and the time of the order processed. In the tracking cookies, an individual, but not on the individual user mapping enabled digit will be deposited with the

an advertiser's affiliate program 
the Publisher,
the timing of the action of the user (click or view)

be documented.
be documented.You can prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the browser software; We point out however, that in this case if not all functions of this website can be fully used.
Please note that you will continue to receive advertisements after a possible disable of display personalized ads by affilinet and other advertising partners, but less precisely matched that on your interests / your surfing behaviour are.
More information, see the privacy by affilinet.

2. AWIN
On our site it is due to our legitimate interests to. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO the advertising network of AWIN AG, Eichhorn road 3, 10785 Berlin (In the following "Abraham") to use. We can analyze promotional content delivery and the success of campaigns using AWIN.
During his service, AWIN stores for the documentation of transactions (E.g. by leads and sales) cookies on devices of users who visit our website. These cookies alone the purpose of correct assignment of the success of an advertisement and the corresponding settlement within the framework of the network. A cookie will be placed only the information about when clicked a particular advertising material by a device and in the case of an order the oder sum, order ID, whether it is a new or existing customers and the time of the order processed... In the tracking cookies, an individual, but not on the individual user mapping enabled digit will be deposited with the

an advertiser's affiliate program
the Publisher,
the timing of the action of the user (click or view)

be documented.
be documented.You can prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the browser software; We point out however, that in this case if not all functions of this website can be fully used.
Please keep in mind that you still will receive advertisements after a possible disable of display personalized advertisements by Abraham and other advertising partners, but less precisely tailored to your interests / your surfing habits.
More information, see the privacy Vincent and the clues to the cookie opt -out. By clicking on the "opt-out" box an opt-out cookie is the causes, by Abraham that in future no visitor data of your browser at AWIN are collected and stored. The opt-out cookie is valid only in this browser and is stored on your device. Delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.

3. Bing Conversion Tracking
We use conversion tracking by Microsoft Corporation, one Microsoft way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. This allows us, the activities of users on our website to track, when they reach about ads Bing Ads on our site.
You get about a Bing Ads display on our site, a cookie is set on your computer. Here the order value and the time are the Microsoft data about the use of the website (E.g., time which areas site was visited and which display takes you to our website), as well as in the case of an order based on it Order gespeicherzt. saved. Do not collect information that identifies you.
This information is transmitted to server of Microsoft in the United States and saved there for basically up to 180 days. Microsoft complies with the data protection provisions of the "US-Privacy-shield" and is registered with the "US-Privacy shield" program of the U.S. Department of Commerce. In addition, we have completed a job processing contract for the use of Bing Ads with Microsoft. Through this agreement, Microsoft ensures that they process the data in accordance with the data protection regulation and ensure the protection of the rights of the person concerned.
If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can reject also the necessary setting a cookie - about by browser setting that disables the automatic setting of cookies generally. For more information on data protection and the used cookies at Microsoft Bing, at the MicrosoftWeb site.

4.	Econda Web Analytics
To optimize the website and the data banks in the background, we use Web analytics solutions the econda GmbH, Eisenlohrstr. 43, 76135 Karlsruhe.
When the procedures under a pseudonym user profiles created. To do this, cookies are also used. The econda GmbH is entitled to bear the label "Approved data protection" for the area of "Web Shop Controlling".
The data collected with econda technology without your separate consent not used to identify you as a visitor to this website personally and not merged with directly personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym.
Data processing by econda you can at any time with effect for the future are contradicting, by you  click here. By clicking on the "Submit" box an opt-out cookie is the causes, by econda, that in the future no visitor data of your browser is with econda are collected and stored. The opt-out cookie is valid only in this browser and only for our Web site and is stored on your device. Delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.
For more information, please visit http://www.econda.de/.

5.	Emarsys Webextend 
Webextend-tracking cookie/pixel tag: We use the cookie/pixel tag from Webextend to newsletter tailored to you and your interests, and create. We use this existing information, such as, for example, receive and read receipts by email, information about computer and connection to the Internet, operating system and platform, your surfing history, date and time of the visit of the homepage, products /. Article that you have looked at. We use this information in principle in pseudonymised form, but may also, to send you newsletters that match your areas of interest. If you want to receive personalized advertisements, email newsletters, you can at anytime by E-Mail datenschutz@tennis-point.com contradict. Alternatively you can unsubscribe via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter.
6.	Facebook Custom Audiences
We use Facebook Web site custom audiences Facebook Ireland Limited (4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland) a. This is a marketing service of Facebook. This allows us to show certain groups of pseudonymized visitors to our site who use Facebook also, individually tailored and interest-based advertising on Facebook.
On our website, a Facebook custom integrates audience pixel tag. This is a Java script code on the non-personal information through the use of the website are stored. This includes your IP address, the used browser and source and destination page. This information is transmitted to the server by Facebook in the United States. Facebook is subject to the EU-US Privacy shield, so that an adequate level of data protection is guaranteed.
There is matched automatically, whether you have stored a Facebook cookie. About the Facebook cookie, it is determined automatically, whether you belong to the target group relevant to our. You belong to the target group, relevant ads by us be displayed on Facebook. During this process you are matching the data neither by us nor by Facebook personally identified.
You can use the service of custom audiences on the Web site of Facebook contradict. To your Facebook account, you reach the settings for Facebook ads after registration.
For more information about Facebook's privacy, see the privacy policy of Facebook.

Disable Facebook tracking: Click here.

7.	Google Analytics
We use on our site Google Analytics, a Web analysis service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, mountain view, CA 94043, United States (in the following:) "Google"). In this context, create pseudonymised user profiles and use cookies (see IV1). Information about your use of this site you generated by the cookie as

Browser type /-version.
Operating system used,
Referrer URL (the previously visited page),
Host name of the accessing computer (IP address),
Time of the server request

are transmitted to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. Google complies with the data protection provisions of the "US-Privacy-shield" and is registered with the "US-Privacy shield" program of the U.S. Department of Commerce.
In addition, we have completed a job processing contract for the use of Google Analytics about the usage. Through this agreement, Google assures that they process the data in accordance with the data protection regulation and ensure the protection of the rights of the person concerned.
The information will be used to evaluate the use of the website, to reports on website activity to assemble and more with the use of the website and the use of the Internet related services for purposes of market research and to provide need-based design of these Internet pages.
Also, they will transmit information to third parties unless this is required by law or insofar as third parties process this data on behalf of. It merges your IP address with other data from Google in any case. The IP addresses are made anonymous so that an association is not possible (IP masking).
As an alternative to the browser add-on, in particular for browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent the acquisition by Google Analytics also by you on these click link. It is used an opt-out cookie, which prevents the future acquisition of your data when you visit this website. The opt-out cookie is valid only in this browser and only for our Web site and is stored on your device. Delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.
For more information about data protection in the context of Google Analytics, as in the Google Analytics Help.
In addition, we use also Google optimize. This is a Web analysis service of Google LLC, which is built into Google Analytics. Google optimize enables us to perform A/B and multi options tests. Thus, we can learn what version of our website users rather like. For more information about this service, see here.

Disable Google Analytics tracking: Click here.

8.	Google AdWords conversion tracking
We use on our website Google conversion tracking of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, mountain view, CA 94043, United States (in the following:) "Google") to capture and to evaluate the purposes of optimising our offer for you the use of our website. With Google AdWords, a cookie is set on your computer, unless you have reached about a Google ad on our website.
These cookies will expire after 30 days. The user visited certain pages of the website of the advertiser and the cookie has not expired yet, Google and the customer can realize that the user clicked on the ad and has been redirected to this page.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website transferred to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. Google complies with the data protection provisions of the "US-Privacy-shield" and is registered with the "US-Privacy shield" program of the U.S. Department of Commerce. In addition, we have completed a job processing contract for the use of Google AdWords with Google. Through this agreement, Google assures that they process the data in accordance with the data protection regulation and ensure the protection of the rights of the person concerned.
Each advertiser receives a different cookie. Cookies can not be tracked thus via the websites of advertisers. The information collected using the conversion cookie are used to create conversion stats to advertisers who have opted in to conversion tracking. We know the total number of users who have clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. You will receive any information, which can identify the user personally.
If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can reject also the necessary setting a cookie - about by browser setting that disables the automatic setting of cookies generally. You can also disable conversion tracking cookies by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com".
Find Google's privacy Belehrung conversion tracking here.

9.	Google AdWords remarketing
 We use Google remarketing. These are services of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, mountain view, CA 94043, USA; in the following 'Google'). Google uses cookies (see paragraph 5), which are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) are transmitted to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. Google is subject to the EU-US Privacy shield, so that an adequate level of data protection is guaranteed.
The IP address then Google the final three digits is truncated, a unique mapping of the IP address is no longer possible. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports about the website activities for the website operators and to provide further services related to website activity and Internet usage.
Google will also transmit this information to third parties, unless required by law or insofar as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Third-party vendors, including Google, ads on sites on the Internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies stored for the switching of ads based on previous visits to a user on this site. Google will bring your IP address with other data held by Google in connection in any case. May be revoked at any time with effect for the future of the data collection and storage. You can disable the use of cookies by Google, by it the page for disabling Google advertising call .
Notes how Google uses cookies to personalize advertising, see here.

10.	inspectlet
This site uses inspectlet, a Web analytics service (www.inspectlet.com/). inspectlet allows an analysis of user behavior on our website (for example Mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, activities with form fields). This uses inspectlet cookies. Cookies enable the recognition of the Internet browser. The information generated by the cookie in the pseudonymous user profile will not be used to identify you as a visitor to this website personally and not merged with your immediate personal data.
You can prevent the acquisition of your data by you under the following link visit available website and choose "Opt me out Now" click. This places an "opt-out cookie" in the browser that you used when you click this button. The opt-out cookie is valid only in this browser and only for our Web site and is stored on your device. Delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.
Get more information about the data collection by inspectlet, in the inspectletterms and conditions.

11.	New relic
We use the Web analytics service new relic for the statistical analysis of visitor traffic, operated by the new relic, Inc., 188 spear St, San Francisco, CA 94105 USA. New relic collects and stores data, which for the purpose of analyzing visitor behavior and to improve the design of the offer, as well as to optimization and marketing purposes usage profiles are created under a pseudonym. New relic uses cookies. These cookies are used to recognize the browser and enable so a more accurate determination of the statistical data. New relic will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to reports on website activity to assemble and more with the use of the website and the use of the Internet-related services. New relic will bring your immediate personal data with other data from new relic in connection in any case. If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can reject also the necessary setting a cookie - as per browser setting, which disables the automatic setting of cookies in General.
More details and information can be found in the new relicprivacy policy.

12.	Marin
On this site are with a software of Marin Software GmbH (suite, high bleach 8, 20354 Hamburg) can be ordering data for marketing and optimisation purposes collected and stored, including cookies and pixel tags used.
You can at any time with effect for the future this data collection and storage by Marin Software GmbH here contradict. When you click the button "Opt-out", an "opt-out cookie" in the browser you used when clicking on this button is placed. The opt-out cookie is valid only in this browser and only for our Web site and is stored on your device. Delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.

13.	Salesforce DMP
We use the Salesforce/crux data management platform of the Salesforce.com.inc, the landmark @ one market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105 (in the following "Salesforce") for our website (in the following "DMP").
By means of the DMP, we can measure online marketing campaigns and deliver. In addition, we want to ensure a demand-oriented design and the continuous optimization of our website. This cookie and pixel tag technologies are used. The processing is done on basis of our marketing interests, art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO:
In connection with the playout of advertising material, as well as evaluating click behavior and conversion rate can campaign, conversion, click -, partner -, order - and product information and searches, date and time of the server request and anonymised IP addresses use of pixel tags and cookies on pseudonymised user ID's are associated with certain generalized segments in the DMP.
On the generalized group summarized in these segments, we or other companies of the SIGNA Sports Group (https://www.signa.at/de/retail/sports-group) can interest-based advertisements to or from specific external sites of the Group can be switch on or switch off. Either Salesforce or we or third parties gain access to immediate personal data here.
The data processed by Salesforce will be by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology protected using both server authentication and data encryption. Salesforce also has an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session IDs is implemented and leads the information separately in a secure server environment, a firewall, and other modern technologies for the prevention of Used interference or intrusion. For more information about data protection in connection with Salesforce, in which Salesforceprivacy policy.
Salesforce is subject to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. privacy shield, has been seal (seal of privacy) awarded the TRUSTe Privacy and limits access to data on the lawful access capabilities.
By cookies, you can process both by setting the browser prevent. We point out however, that in this case if not all functions of this website can be fully used.
As an alternative to the browser setting, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent detection by Salesforce DMP also by you on these click link. It is used an opt-out cookie, which prevents the loading of pixels and the transmission of personal data through cookies. The opt-out cookie is valid only in the browser and is stored on your device. Delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.

14.	Sociomantic / dunnhumby
We use Sociomantic of the dunnhumby Deutschland GmbH, Paul-Lincke-UFER 39/40, 10999 Berlin (www.sociomantic.com). Through this service, users who have already visited our website and are interested in the specific offer, be addressed through targeted advertising on the pages of the partner network by Sociomantic again. The insertion of advertising is done on the basis of information about the visit of the respective Internet pages, including in cookies and pixel tags are stored. These cookies are read in the context of subsequent site visits for targeted product recommendations. For this purpose, a randomly generated ID number is stored in the cookies. Either this number or the details of your visits to the websites can be assigned to you personally. Neither we nor Sociomantic will merge this information with personal data or disclose personally identifiable data about you to third parties.
You can prevent the tracking (tracking) by Sociomantic by you on these link click and 'Opt-out' activate the there provided check box. This will place an "opt-out cookie" in the browser, you have used when you click this button. The opt-out cookie is valid only in this browser and only for our Web site and is stored on your device. Delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.

15.	Tradedoubler 
This Web site takes part in affiliate programs of TradeDoubler GmbH, Herzog-Wilhelm-Straße 26, 80331 Munich ("TradeDoubler"), a service to include advertisements in the form of text links, image links, advertising banners or input masks. TradeDoubler uses cookies that are stored on your computer and pixel tags that enable analysis of your use of the site. This information, such as user traffic on these pages can be evaluated.
Through cookies and pixel tags transferred to a server of TradeDoubler-generated information about the use of this website (including obfuskierter IP addresses) and delivery of advertising formats are and where it is stored. This information can be passed by TradeDoubler contractors of TradeDoubler. TradeDoubler will result in your IP address with other data you have saved but not together.
You can object to data processing by TradeDoubler, by you under this link click the 'Tracking please no.' button. This used an opt-out cookie, which prevents the future acquisition of your data when you visit this website. The opt-out cookie is valid only in this browser and only for our Web site and is stored on your device. Delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.
For more information on the use of data in the privacy policy by TradeDoubler.

VI.	Data subject rights 
You have the right:

in accordance with art. 7 at any time to revoke paragraph 3 DSGVO your agreement. This has the consequence that we may no longer continue the data processing based on this agreement, for the future.
in accordance with art. 15 DSGVO processed personal data to request information about your us. In particular, you can information about the purposes of the processing, the category of personal information, the categories of recipients to which your data were disclosed or are, the planned storage period, the existence of a right of rectification. Delete, constraint processing or contradiction, the existence of a right of appeal, the origin of data, as long as these were not raised with us, as well as on the existence of an automated decision making including profiling and if necessary descriptive information ask for their details;
in accordance with art. 16 DSGVO immediately the adjustment incorrect or complete your personal data stored by us to demand;
in accordance with art. 17 DSGVO the deletion of your personal data stored by us to require, as far as the processing to the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, to comply with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or is necessary to assert, exercise or defence of legal claims;
in accordance with art. To require, as far as denied the accuracy of the data, the processing is unlawful, but reject the deletion and we the data no longer are needed, but these 18 DSGVO the restriction of the processing of your personal data to the Need exercise, exercise or defense of legal claims or according to art. 21 DSGVO inserted object to the processing;
in accordance with art. 20 DSGVO to get your personal data which you have provided to us, in a structured, common and machine-read-able format, or to request delivery to an other responsible and
in accordance with art. 77 DSGVO to complain to a supervisory authority. Usually you can contact for this to the supervisory authority of their usual place of residence or workplace, or our corporate office. 

To exercise of their affected rights compared to us, contact datenschutz@tennis-point.com
VI.	Data subject rights 
If your personal data on the basis of legitimate interests in accordance with art. 6 ABS. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO are processed, you have the right, in accordance with art. 21 DSGVO to insert object to the processing of your personal data, unless for reasons arising from your particular situation or the opposition is directed against direct marketing. In the latter case, you have a general right of opposition, which will be implemented without specifying a particular situation by us.
Would you make use of your right of objection, just an email to datenschutz@tennis-point.com

VIII.	Data security 
All data provided by you personally will be encrypted with the common and safe default TLS (transport layer security). TLS is a safe and proven standard, which can be used E.g. in online banking. Indicated by a secure TLS connection on the attached s http (i.e. https://...) in the address bar of your browser, or on the lock icon at the top of your browser.
We use the appropriate technical and organisational measures of security, to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorised access of third parties. Our security measures are improved continuously according to the technological development.

IX.	Actuality and changing this privacy policy 
This privacy policy is currently valid and has the State may 2018.
The development of our website and offers about or due to changed statutory or regulatory requirements, it may be necessary to update this privacy policy. The current privacy statement may at any time on the website under 
https://www.tennis-point.com/data-protection/
be obtained from you and printed.

