
What is this policy for?
This privacy policy sets out the way in which your personal information is handled by AFC Bournemouth Limited.
Information which is designed for children and our younger fans can be viewed in the "info for kids" section below.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the data controller is AFC Bournemouth Limited (company number: 6632170) whose registered office is at Vitality Stadium Dean Court, Kings Park, Bournemouth, Dorset, United Kingdom, BH7 7AF ("AFCB") (referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” and “AFCB”).
We are registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) as a data controller, with reference number Z1714195. You can see our registration here.
This Privacy Policy should be read alongside our website terms of use, which govern the use of our online services.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information that you provide to us, including your contact details, associated information, and marketing preferences when you visit and/or register for any of our online products and services, make a purchase through our websites or via our telephone or other sales outlets, or when you participate in club events, competitions and promotions.
When you visit our stadium, offices or other premises we may collect CCTV images including for the purposes of public order and the prevention of crime.
We may also collect information about your use of our websites. Further information about such processing can be found in our cookies policy.
When you purchase products and services, we may collect personal information from you, such as your name, address, delivery address, email, telephone number and payment card details. We will use this information to supply you with products and services, to recover debt, to help us to prevent fraud, and keep records about your purchases.
You may need to register an account to use certain parts of our websites or apps. When you register an account you will need to provide basic information about yourself. This will vary depending on which part of our websites or apps you are registering for, but will usually include your email address and may also include other relevant information such as your name, date of birth and/or location. We need this information to be able to provide you with an account; if you do not want us to record this this information about you, please do not register.
You may also be given the opportunity to provide additional personal information. It is entirely your decision as to whether you provide more information to us and you should only provide this information if you are comfortable with us storing it and using it to provide services, content and information to you as described in this privacy policy.
When you sign up to be kept informed about exciting promotions, news, features and activities we may collect your personal information, such as your name, email address and date of birth. Please see our separate tab below on marketing and the preference centre.
As you move around our sites or use our apps we will collect information about your visit, such as which pages you visit, how often you visit and which competitions you enter.
Further information about this can be found in our cookies policy.
What special category information do you collect about me?
We may record details of any disability or health needs you may have at the time of booking an event or service to help us make reasonable adjustments for you and to ensure your safety. We will usually ask your consent to do this, unless there are other legal grounds on which we need to use the information.
In some limited circumstances, we may process information about criminal convictions, where this is necessary for public order and the prevention of crime, and there are adequate protections in place.
Why do we collect and use this information and what are the legal grounds for us doing so?
We collect this information to (i) provide you with products and services you request; (ii) make our website available and improve its performance and presentation; (iii) to improve and enhance our services and make them more personal to you; (iv) to provide consistency when using the services offered to you by companies in our group; (v) to administer competitions and prize draws you enter; (vi) for the purposes of undertaking our business; and (vii) safety and public order and the prevention of crime.
The legal grounds for this processing are:

Our legitimate interests (in carrying on our business, making our website available, and providing our customers with content which is appropriate for them);
For the performance of our contract with you (where you purchase goods or services from us or via a third party partner or one of the members of our group);
To comply with our legal obligations (for example, where we are required to record information in relation to health and safety, or safety and public order at match days as well as age sensitive content).

In certain circumstances, we may process your personal information on the basis of your consent (for example, in relation to sending you direct marketing). You can withdraw your consent at any time but this will not affect any processing undertaken before that point.
Where we develop a new feature or product (such as an updated ticketing website), if a separate account is required to access this we may for your convenience automatically create a new account for you using the details associated with your existing account. In this case we will email you to let you know.
Purpose/Activity Type of data Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customera. Identityb. Contact Performance of a contract with you
To register you as a new customera. Manage payments, fees and chargesb. Collect and recover money owed to us a. Identityb. Contactc. Financiald. Transactione. Marketing and Communications
a. Performance of a contract with youb. Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:a. Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policyb. Asking you to leave a review or take a survey a. Identityb. Contactc. Profiled. Marketing and Communications
a. Performance of a contract with youb. Necessary to comply with a legal obligationc. Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a surveya. Identityb. Contactc. Profiled. Usagee. Marketing and Communications a. Performance of a contract with youb. Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)a. Identityb. Contactc. Technical
a. Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)b. Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to youa. Identityb. Contactc. Profiled. Usagee. Marketing and Communicationsf. Technical Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiencesa. Technicalb. Usage Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To communicate suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to youa. Identityb. Contactc. Technicald. Usagee. Profilef. Marketing and Communications Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
In order to enhance the services it provides, AFC Bournemouth may use tools from third party service providers, such as Greenwood Campbell and Janis, to collect and use information and how you engage with AFC Bournemouth’s chatbot.
a. Information given to us by our usersb. real time data from chatbot about how users behavec. Facebook data from users that use this serviced. Bought data from third parties which is relevant to our service. Necessary for our legitimate interests (to assist customers with their requests; develop our products/services and grow our business).
When can we send you marketing and how can you change your mind?
There are many exciting promotions, news, features and activities we and our commercial partners want to keep in touch with you about. When you register with us, or provide us with your personal information, there will be a consent box that allows you to indicate your preference in this respect.
If you opt-in we will let you know about exciting promotions, news, features and activities of AFC Bournemouth.
Providing this consent means you get the following fantastic promotions, news, features and more: newsletters, videos, ticket alerts, hospitality, events and retail updates, as well as exclusive offers, products and services on behalf of our commercial partners.
Just to make sure you are happy with your preferences we will get in touch once a year by email to check you are happy with what you are (or are not) receiving from us and that the information we hold about you is up to date.
You can also change your mind at any time via your preference centre. You can update your personal information if it changes by logging into your account or emailing us via [email protected].
Our sites and apps may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or their use of your data.
Who may we share your information with or disclose it to?
We may share your information with our service providers who help us to provide goods and services, help us to operate our website, provide us with support in communicating with you or administering and delivering our promotions, or help us to ensure our data remains accurate and relevant.
We may also share your information with regulatory bodies and other similar bodies and associations (such as the Premier League and the Football Association) where we are required by law, or where we are under a contractual obligation to share such information.
We may share your information with our professional advisors and with any potential purchaser of part or all of our business or assets. We may also share it with law enforcement organisations.
When we share your data we will always take reasonable steps to ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place. If we ever transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area, you can ask us for a copy of the relevant safeguards implemented in respect of that transfer.
Our commercial partners
For a current list of our sponsors, licensees and partners please visit afcb.co.uk/commercial-and-afc-business/who-we-work-in-partnership-with. These may change from time to time, so please come and check the list regularly.
If you opt-in we will let you know about exciting promotions, news, features and activities of AFC Bournemouth and/or our commercial partners.
We may also use the personal information we collect about you to create statistics and anonymised information to then share with third parties including ad networks, search engines and analytics providers.
We may share your information with business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we have with or you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:

In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If AFC Bournemouth is acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order: to comply with any legal obligation, court or police request, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of AFC Bournemouth. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

We may share your information with selected third parties including:

Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our sites and apps.

Will your information be used for profiling and automated decision taking?
We may use your data for profiling. Additionally, there are a variety of web analytics tools that we use (e.g. Google Analytics and Facebook Analytics). These platforms use a level of processing unique identifiers (e.g. IP address, Mac address, user ID, social handle, cookies) to track digital behaviours.
Will your information be secure?
We take the security of your personal information seriously and take steps (including the implementation of appropriate technical and organisational measures) to ensure your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Your information is kept on secure servers and we implement a range of measures to try to ensure the security and integrity of our digital products, services and databases. We take steps to ensure that only authorised persons have access to your data.
When you submit your payment card details, we use industry standard secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption technology to guard your information. However, we cannot guarantee that any data transmission over the internet is completely secure.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites or apps, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Our websites may contain links to other websites. We are only responsible for the privacy practices on our websites and in our apps. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit.
How long will you keep my information?
We will keep your information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes that we collected it for. However, we take steps to regularly review the information we process to ensure that we are not holding excessive personal information for longer than is necessary.
The factors which influence how long we hold onto specific information for include (i) legal requirements; (ii) managing our legal risks; (iii) management of our business; and (iv) the nature of our relationship with you (and the services we provide to you).
Where you enter into a contract with us (such as for the purchase of goods or services) we will generally keep your information for six years after the end of our contract with you.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy. You can find out more by contacting us.
What rights do you have in relation to your personal information?
Under data protection legislation you have a range of rights. You have a right to ask us for a copy of the information we hold about you. You can also ask us to correct or update your personal data, or to erase it or transfer it to a third party. You can object to processing of your personal information by us, for example, when we process it for direct marketing. Where we are using your information based on your consent you can withdraw your consent.
The extent to which some of your rights apply depends on the circumstances. To exercise your rights please contact us via afcb.co.uk/contact-the-club. Further information about your rights is set out below.
Right of access
You have a right to access the personal information we hold about you and be told why we use it.
Right of rectification
You can ask us to correct or update your information to ensure it is accurate and complete.
Right to erasure and right to restrict processing
You can ask us to stop processing and to delete your data in certain circumstances (for example where it is processed with your consent, or it is no longer necessary for us to process it).
Right to object
You have a right to object to our processing of your information.
Rights to profiling and automated decisions
You have a right not to be subject to automated decisions which have a legal effect and to be protected by safeguards in respect of any profiling.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where you have consented to receive direct marketing you can change your mind at any time as described in the marketing section above.
Please allow a few days for us to action your request.
We will respond to requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Info for children
This is a child-friendly explanation of how we use information. You should read it with a parent, guardian or other adult so that they can help you understand.
When you:

Look at our website
Contact us
Create an account with us

We collect some information about you (like your name, or information about the tablet or computer you are using).
We do this because we need to so we can carry on making our website and our other services better. We make sure we use as little personal information as possible and only for as long as we need to. We will only keep your information as long as we need it. You can ask us for a copy of your information, or to correct, erase or stop using it. We will do our best to keep your information safe.
For some uses of your personal information we may ask your permission. If you are aged 13 or over, you can give your permission yourself. If you are aged under 13 we require the consent of your parent or guardian.
You can use certain parts of our websites and apps without providing us with any of your personal information. If you do provide us with your personal information we will use it as set out on the relevant website. For example if you sign up to receive the Junior Cherries newsletter, we will use your email address to send you the newsletter and news, updates and promotions we think you might like.
If you are under 13 and wish register on afcb.co.uk to receive offers and marketing from us, you will need to get consent from your parent/guardian. Your parent/guardian will need to confirm their consent by ticking the consent box on the relevant sign up page. Where you are using the website for any other purpose, we encourage you to talk with your parent/guardian about the information we send to you, and check that they are happy for you to continue to receive this information. If you do not tell us you do not want to receive this information any more, we will assume you have your parent and/or guardian's consent to continue to receive this information.
You can ask us to stop sending you emails, SMS or other communications at any time. In each message we send to you there will be an 'unsubscribe' option, if you follow these instructions we will stop sending the messages. You can also contact us if you have any questions, want us to stop sending you messages or want to change any of the information you have given to us.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child who is using afcb.co.uk or otherwise in contact with us, we recommend that you supervise your child while they are online and check what personal information your child is providing to us.
We make sure that any information or marketing that we send to under-18s is always age appropriate. If you have any concerns about the information your child is receiving, please contact us on afcb.co.uk/contact-the-club.
Contacting us and Complaints
Changes to how we use your information will be published on this page, so you should check back periodically. If we are making a significant change to how we will be using your information we will normally contact you to let you know.
If you have any questions in relation to anything raised in this privacy policy or how we use your personal data, please contact us via afcb.co.uk/contact-the-club.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (the ICO) by writing to Information Commissioner's Office, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF or calling 0303 123 1113. Further information about how to do this can be found at ico.org.uk.

