
								We generally collect all the data which you directly share with us via our services.
							
Device and access data

								Whenever you access our services and databases, we collect device and access data and record it in so-called server log files. The IP address it contains is anonymised shortly after the end of the relevant session, as soon as storage is no longer required to maintain the functionality of the relevant website. 
							

								If it is available and activated on your device, we also collect a device-specific ID number (e.g. a so-called “promo ID” if you are using an Android device or an “ad ID” if you are using an Apple device). This device ID is issued by the manufacturer of your operating system and can be read by websites and apps and used to present content on the basis of your usage habits. If you do not want this, you can deactivate it at any time in your device’s browser settings or system settings.
							
Login

								We set up password-protected personal access for users who register for a customer account or another service. If you do not log out again after logging in with your login details, most services automatically keep you logged in. Depending on the type of service, a cookie or similar technology is used for this. This function allows you to use part of our services without having to log in again every time. For security reasons, however, you will be asked to enter your password again if, for example, you want to change your profile information or submit an order. You can find more information under “Personalised services”

Social Plug-ins

								Our services may contain social plug-ins (“plug-ins”) from various social networks. These plug-ins allow you, for example, to share content or recommend products. The plug-ins are deactivated as standard and therefore do not send any data. You can activate the plug-ins by clicking on the corresponding button (e.g. “activate social media”. The plug-ins can also be deactivated again with a click. If the plug-ins are activated, your web browser sets up a direct connection to the web servers of the relevant social network. The content of the plug-ins is then transferred by the social network directly to your web browser and integrated by the latter into our website. Integrating the plug-ins allows the social network to receive the information that you have called up the relevant page of our internet offering and can collect your device and access data. If you are logged into the social network, the latter may also assign the visit to your account with the relevant social network. If you interact with the plug-ins, for example by clicking the Facebook “like” button or making a comment, the corresponding information will be transmitted by your browser directly to the social network and stored there. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by the particular social networks and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in the privacy notices of the respective social networks and websites. You can find the links to these below. Even if you are not registered with the social networks, websites with active plug-ins may send data to the networks. An active plug-in will place a cookie with an ID each time you call up the website. Because your web browser sends this cookie without being asked every time you connect to a server, the social network could in principle create a profile of which websites the user belonging to the ID had called up. And it would also be quite possible to assign this ID to a person, for example if they later registered with the social network.
							
Facebook social plug-ins

								We use plug-ins by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”), on several websites. You can find the link to Facebook’s Data Protection Declaration here: Facebook’s privacy policy.
							
Twitter social plug-ins

								We use plug-ins by the social network Twitter, operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (“Twitter”), on several websites. You can find the link to Twitter’s privacy policy here: Twitter’s privacy policy.
							
Pinterest social plug-ins

								We use plug-ins by the social network Pinterest, operated by Pinterest Inc., 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“Pinterest”), on several websites. You can find the link to Pinterest’s privacy policy here: Pinterest’s privacy policy.
							
Social Logins

								Our services may offer you the option of registering with us directly using your social network accounts. If you wish to use this function, you will first be forwarded to the relevant social network’s offering. There you will be asked to log in with your user name and password. Of course, we do not ourselves take note of your login details. If you are already logged in, this step will be skipped. The relevant social network then notifies you and asks you to confirm which data are transmitted to us (e.g. public profile, friends list, email address and current residence). We use the data transmitted to create your customer account, but will not, of course, save your friends list, for example. No further permanent connection between your customer account and your social network account will take place. We also receive social network data from the providers of the relevant social networks.
							
Shopping personalisation

								Our services use the device and access data from the usage analysis, which are collected when you use our service, for shopping personalisation. Depending on the type of service, this may include common tracking technologies using tracking pixels and identification cookies or similar Ids (so-called tagging). In addition, our advertising partners may collect your device and access data in this way, in order to provide us with information on your interests and demographic data (such as age, gender, region) during your use of our services. This allows us to present you with advertising and/or particular offerings and services which correspond to your interests (for example product recommendations based on the fact that you have only viewed trainers in the last few days). Our goal when doing this is to make our offering as attractive to you as possible and to present you with advertising corresponding to your interest areas. Of course, you can continue to use all content and functions. This on-site optimisation does, however, allow us to first show you content and functions which are more relevant for you. On-site optimisation is carried out automatically by our systems, which recognise that users have repeatedly called up products and content from particular categories.
							
Find out more

										You can find further information under “How does Zalando use my data for advertising?”


								If you do not want on-site optimisation, you can deactivate this function at any time:
							

To do this, please deactivate the “data processing” function (in the Zalando app you will find this function on the info menu under the point “About us”).
In other services, please do this by deactivating web analysis or app analysis.

Info on website cookies

								Our websites use cookies. Accepting cookies is not a prerequisite for using our websites. We would, however, like to point out that our websites can only function on a limited basis if you do not accept cookies. You can set your browser up in such a way that cookies are only saved if you agree to this.
							
What are cookies?

										Cookies are small text files which are saved by your web browser and which save particular settings and data for exchange with our web server. 
									

										A distinction is generally made between two different types of cookies, so-called session cookies, which are deleted as soon as you close your browser, and temporary/permanent cookies which are stored for a longer period. Storing this data helps us to design our websites and services for you accordingly and makes them easier for you to use, for example by saving particular entries so that you do not have to repeat them constantly.
									

								The cookies used by our website may come from Zalando or advertising partners. If you only wish to accept the Zalando cookies, but not our advertising partners’ cookies, you can choose the corresponding setting in your browser (e.g. “block third-party cookies). The help function in your web browser’s menu bar generally shows you have to reject new cookies, and to turn off cookies which have already been received. We recommend that you completely log out after you finish using our website on shared computers which are set to accept cookies and Flash cookies.
							

								Our services use three categories of cookies:
							

Necessary cookies: These cookies are required for optimal navigation and operation of the website. For example, these cookies are used to implement the basket function, such that the goods in your basket stay saved while you continue with the purchase. The necessary cookies also serve to save particular inputs and settings which you have made so that you don’t have to constantly repeat them, and to adapt Zalando content to your individual interests. Only limited use of the website is possible without necessary cookies.
Statistical cookies: These cookies collect device and access data to analyse the use of our website, such as which areas of the website are used how (so-called surfing behaviour), how fast content is loaded and whether errors occur. These cookies only contain anonymous or pseudonymous information and are only used to improve our website and to find out what our users are interested in, and to measure how effective our advertising is. Statistical cookies can be blocked without adversely affecting the navigation and operation of the website.
Marketing cookies (“tracking cookies”): These cookies contain identifiers and collect device and access data, in order to adapt personalised advertising on Zalando websites to your individual interests. Our advertising partners who operate online advertising networks also collect device and access data on our websites. This allows us to display personalised advertising on other websites and in other providers’ apps which fits your interests (so-called retargeting). Marketing cookies can be blocked without adversely affecting the navigation and operation of the website. Shopping personalisation may, however, not be possible.


								We have collected country-specific overviews of all cookies used in the Zalando shop. You can find these under “Information on individual websites”.
							
