
Information Collection
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, occupation, industry, personal interests, other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
When you browse our websites, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously indicated that you wish Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. to remember your login and password. We don't automatically collect personal information, including your email address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have logged in to our website. Like many other commercial websites, the Barbados Tourism Authority website may use a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how you use the site. Please go to "Cookies, Web Beacons and Tracking? below for more information
Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. collects personal information when you register with Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. for a Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. account, when you use certain Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. products or services, when you register to attend a seminar or participate in an online survey, when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list, or you submit an entry for a contest or promotion, or when you submit your personal information to Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. for any other reason. From time to time, Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. receives personal information from business partners and vendors. Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. only uses such information in accordance with this Policy and applicable laws.
Access to certain Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. web pages requires a login and a password. The use of those web pages, and the information or programs downloadable from those sites, may be governed by a written agreement between your employer and Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. Unless you request deletion of your personal information as specified below, your personal information may be retained by Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. to verify compliance with the agreement, log software licenses granted, to track software downloaded from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on those pages.


Notice
When personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection the purpose for the collection. Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. will not transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described in the section titled "Information Sharing and Disclosure."
If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may only transfer that information, within Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. or to Barbados Tourism Marketing, Inc. third party service providers with your permission. Upon receiving your permission, we may transfer your information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.

