
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which YourSoccerDose.com collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://www.YourSoccerDose.com website (from now on the “Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by YourSoccerDose.com.
Web browser cookies
Cookies Policy:
When the user accesses the Site, YourSoccerDose receives and stores information from the user’s browser. This process is performed by using cookies. Cookies are files that contain information that is stored on your computer or mobile device users when they access the website. When we speak of cookies, we use a generic term that refers strictly to cookies, pixel tags, Flash cookies and JavaScript. The space occupied on your computer by cookies is minimal. Cookies cannot carry viruses or installing malware.
Classification and types of cookies used
The different types of cookies used can be classified according to various criteria: uptime, managing organization and purpose.
According uptime of cookies on the user’s browser, we can differentiate between session cookies and persistent cookies. Session Cookies are those used while the user browses the website and are retained for the time of shipping. They are used to store information on access and use of the site itself. Meanwhile, Persistent Cookies are those which are stored for a limited time the user’s browser, even when it has finished browsing the page.
According to the entity that manages and sets the cookies, we find the Own Cookies and Third Party Cookies. The Treasury Cookies are those set by the domain of the website visited by the user and only accesses the domain itself. They are typically used, among others, to remind the user in their successive visits to the website. Meanwhile, Third Party Cookies are those established and operated by domains other than the website itself accessed. They are generally used for tracking users in different sites with the aim to send users customized to your tastes and interests advertising.
As a last type of classification, we find different types of cookies depending on their purpose: Technical Cookies, Cookies Analysis, the Rack Cookies Cookies and customization.
Techniques Cookies are those considered necessary for the proper functioning of the Website and the services offered therein. Some uses of these cookies could be remind users when browsing and remember the set selected by each user for further payment and purchase products. Analysis Cookies are used to study and learn anonymously on user behavior while surfing the web page. Some applications of the information collected by these cookies are used to explore aspects concerning the total visitors users and the products that generate attraction between users within the website. The Rack Cookies allow adapting the web advertising space to interest visitors effective users. And finally, Personalization Cookies allow the web site to use for each user a general set of predefined as may be the language or the type of browser used features.
YourSoccerDose uses cookies together to have a better knowledge of visitors to your web agina to suit the interests of its members. The set of YourSoccerDose work with others to improve data capture using these instruments does not authorize these third parties to use the data collected, except information that is intended to improve the website and services offered by YourSoccerDose.
Cookies Setting
Each user can set your browser to notify you when you are sending a Cookie is made or can disable the sending of all Cookies. The forms and characteristics in order to perform these actions vary depending on the browser you use, therefore all users to consult the characteristics of each modalities are recommended for possible and own ways of modifying shipping and storage Cookies.
In the event that the user disable all cookies might find impossibilities or difficulties in using the services offered on the website, as well as access to some content.
For the user to learn more about the configuration of your browser Cookies, we provide the following links below:
Internet Explorer: Tools -> Options -> Privacy -> Settings. To know further you cancontact Microsoft or use the browser help. Firefox: Tools -> Options-> Privacy-> History-> Configuración Personalizada. To know further you cancontact Mozilla or use the browser help. Chrome: Settings -> Advanced Options -> Privacy-> Content Settings. To know further you cancontact Google or use the browser help. Safari: Preferences -> Security. To know further you cancontact Apple or use the browser help.

Some of the cookies we use are essential for parts of our sites to operate and have already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from our sites, but please be aware that restricting or deleting cookies may impact on the functionality of our sites and your ability to use our sites.
Your web browser may allow you to restrict or delete cookies set by our sites. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org which provides general information about cookies and how you can manage cookies on your computer.

This Policy may be revised from time to time at our sole discretion. The last revision will be reflected in the “Last modified by” heading above. Please visit this page periodically for updates. Continuing to use the Service continues your acceptance of changes.                                    