


Home > Privacy Policy




                                The Privacy Policy has been updated as of April 1, 2017



Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. Privacy Statement
Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. (“WKH”) has developed this privacy statement for you, the visitor/user, to demonstrate its commitment to privacy on the Internet. This Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.  Privacy Statement applies to the information gathering and dissemination practices for the website located at journals.lww.com (the “Site”).
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement applies to the online collection of personal information on the Site. This Privacy Statement does not apply to information collected in any other way such as offline
The Site also may contain links to websites maintained by others. This Privacy Statement does not reflect the privacy practices of those sites, and you should consult the privacy policies of those sites to learn about their practices. Other WKH affiliated websites and Web-enabled and accessible products and services may operate under their own online privacy policies. The Site and services offered on the Site (the “Web Services”) are not directed at children under the age of 13.
By entering or using the Site or Web Services, you are accepting all terms and conditions outlined below.
1.	Collection of Personal Information from Site and Application Visitors
We collect information from you in several different ways.  Specifically, we collect information directly from you (the user of the Site and/or Web Services), from our web server logs and through cookies or other tools that collect information about your utilization of the Site and/or Web Services.   We use this information primarily to provide you an experience with our Site and Web Services that is personalized for you and that delivers the information, services, resources and products that are most relevant and useful to you.  Much of the information we collect (beyond the information provided directly by you) is not personally identifiable about you.  We do not share information provided by you that is personally identifiable with others unless we say so in this Privacy Statement or where we are otherwise required by law or contract to do so.
2.	User-Supplied Information
WKH may require users to register before purchasing or using products or services. During registration, we collect basic online contact information about you, such as your name, email address, phone number, email address, payment card information, and/or certain additional categories of information resulting from use of the Site and/or Web Services. This information is used by us to verify that you are an authorized user, whether on your own behalf or through a subscription obtained by your employer or organization. In some circumstances, the information you provide is aggregated with other data for statistical analysis and internal research purposes to help us understand who is using the Site or its applications and become better equipped to serve your needs.  Additionally, we may contact you based upon the information provided in your registration to offer you other products and services, or for other business reasons.  We also keep this information in a contact database for future reference, as needed.  If you do not wish to receive offers related to additional products and services that may be of interest to you, you will have an opportunity to unsubscribe from future mailings or communications
If you contact us for customer support, we may ask you to provide information about your computer or mobile device or about the issues you are trying to resolve. This information is necessary to help us answer your questions. We may record your requests and our responses for quality control purposes
For some of the Web Services, we may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, or news groups available to you. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas is public. You should exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these areas, as this information is made available to other users.  Do not disclose information in these public forums that might be considered confidential or proprietary or that you do not wish to be publicly available or that you are prohibited from disclosing.
We also may collect certain information provided by you in online forms, registration forms, surveys, and contest entries (including demographic and personal profile data).
3. Web Utilization Data 
The Site and Web Services also may collect non-personally identifiable information in connection with your use of the Web Services. For example, as you browse our websites we may collect information about your visit. Via Web server logs, for example, we may monitor statistics such as: the number of people that visit our websites or use our mobile applications, which pages are visited on our websites, from which domain our visitors come (e.g., google.com), and which browsers people use to visit our websites (e.g. Safari, Microsoft Internet Explorer, etc.). We also may compile statistics that show the numbers and frequency of visitors to our websites and applications, including individual pages. These aggregated statistics may be used internally to improve the Site and/or Web Services and for product development and marketing purposes generally. The information we collect in Web server logs helps us administer our sites, analyze usage, protect the website and its content from inappropriate use, and improve user experience.  In addition, aggregated statistics (which contain no personally identifiable information) may also be provided to advertisers and other third parties.
Our servers automatically capture and save this utilization information electronically. Examples of the information we may collect include: 

Your unique Internet protocol address
The name of your unique Internet service provider
The city, state, and country from which you access our site
The kind of browser or computer you use
The number of links you click within the sites
The date and time of your visit
The web page from which you arrived to our sites
The pages you viewed on the sites
Certain searches/queries that you conducted via our sites

4.	Device Information
We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access the Site and Web Services, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information.
5.	Location Information
Some of the Web Services can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the application. If you enable the location-based feature, your current location will be stored locally on your device, which will then be used by the application. If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history, we will store that information on our servers. If you do not enable the location-based service, or if an application does not have that feature, the application will not transmit to us, and we will not collect or store, location information.
6. Cookies and similar technologies
In order to offer and provide a customized and personal service, we may use cookies to store and help track information about you, as well as Web beacons, HTML5 local storage and other similar technologies to manage access to and use of the Site and Web Services, recognize you and provide personalization, as well as to help us understand where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies and similar technologies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won't have to reenter them each time you visit.
Internet cookies may save data about individual visitors, such as the visitor's name, password, user-name, shopping cart, screen preferences, the pages of a site viewed by the visitor, and the advertisements viewed or clicked by the visitor. When the visitor revisits a WKH site, the site may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor's experience accordingly. Our sites and applications may not function properly if you decline or disable Internet cookies while visiting or otherwise using the Site or Web Services.
The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer, you can set your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that some features of many sites or applications may not function properly if you do not accept cookies.
In connection with the Site and Web Services, we do not use tracking cookies in order to generate or place targeted third party advertisements.  We do collect non-personally identifiable information about utilization of the Site and Web Services for our own purposes in administering the Web Services and as described in this Privacy Statement. Some new browsers have a ‘do-not-track’ feature.  When this feature is turned on, we will not track utilization to generate any targeted third party advertising based on your use of the Site and Web Services, and will otherwise honor Do Not Track signals sent from browsers where consistent with the operation of the Site and Web Services. 
Visitors have the right to delete the Internet cookies placed on the visitors' hard drives at any time. Doing so will erase the data about the individual visitor such that when the visitor revisits the Site or application (in a new session), the Site or application will not recognize the visitor. When a visitor performs a search within the Site, we may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed. We may also record limited information for every search request and use that information to solve technical problems with the service and to calculate overall usage statistics.
WKH also uses third party web analytics service vendors to provide us information, reports and analysis about the usage and browsing patterns of users of the Site and Web Services. We may use services hosted by third parties, such as Google® Analytics, to assist in providing our services and to help us understand our customers' use of the Site and/or Web Services. These services may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including your IP address or cookies. If these third party services collect information, they do so anonymously and in the aggregate to provide information helpful to us such as website trends, without identifying individual visitors. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to, and stored at, data warehouses of ours or such vendors.
WKH may use the information collected through these technical methods for many purposes, including delivering content, tracking and enhancing our visitors' experience on our websites. For example, when you return to one of our websites or applications after logging in, cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. We also may use technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns for the Site and Web Services, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our websites, and third party websites. In HTML emails that we send our visitors and users, we may use technical methods for a number of purposes, including: to determine whether our visitors and users have opened or forwarded those emails and/or clicked on links in those emails, to customize the display of banner advertisements and other messages after a visitor/user has closed the email, and to determine whether a visitor/user has made an inquiry or purchase in response to a particular email. These technical methods may enable us or our vendors to collect and use information in a form that is personally identifiable.
Our vendors may also transfer this information to other third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on our behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site or a Web Service.
We also use various third party vendors to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers in connection with our Site and Web Services.  All data collected by these vendors on our behalf is owned and used by us.  For more information about who these vendors are and how they collect and analyze data, including the ability (if any) to opt-out of this collection of non-personally identifiable data, please contact WK using the contact information located at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Our websites and applications also may use local shared objects, also known as “Flash cookies” to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our websites to personalize your visit.  Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here.
Third party vendors, with whom we may partner to provide certain features in connection with the Site and Web Services or to display advertising based upon your browsing activity, may use browser cookies or Flash cookies to collect and store information as well.
This digital service participates in the DMD Healthcare Communication Network℠ (the "Network"), and as such has implemented various technologies for universal registration/login among all Network member websites. These technologies are managed by DMD Marketing Corp. ("DMD"), and may involve the collection, receipt, and sharing of information with DMD, its clients and other Network members. If you would like to understand how this digital service’s participation in the Network affects your privacy, please click here:
http://usersupport.dmdconnects.com/PrivacyPolicy.htm
Please note that the Network registration/login system may be different from the registration/login used by this digital service for other products and services. To the extent that anything in this privacy policy conflicts with the policy for the Network technologies, the conflict will be resolved in favor of the policy applicable to the Network technologies.
7. Use of Personal Data Collected
Personal data collected by WKH may be used for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users' behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements, or to customize the content and layout of the applicable site or mobile application. The information collected by the Site and Web Services also may be used for responding to your inquiries and otherwise corresponding with you, for processing transactions you request, maintaining your account (if you have one), for other purposes permitted by your organization's customer agreements (if any) for products and services (including disclosure of personal information to the subscribing organization by agreement), to maintain the security and integrity of the Site and Web Services for the purpose of conducting market research or surveys on our behalf, and for the administration, review and/or the improvement of the content of the Site and Web Services.  Aggregate data on visitors' home servers may be used for internal purposes or provided to third parties, such as advertisers. Individually identifying information, such as names, postal and email addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information that visitors voluntarily provide to us may be added to our contact databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site or application updates, new products and services, upcoming events, and status of orders placed online.  We also may enhance or merge your information collected with data from third parties for purposes of marketing products or services to you.
WKH sometimes collects non-identifiable information through the Site to help WKH provide better customer service. For example, WKH keeps track of the domains from which people visit, and WKH also measures visitor activity on the Site, but WKH does so in ways that keep the information non-identifiable. This information is sometimes known as “clickstream data.” WKH or others on behalf of WKH may use this data to analyze trends and statistics in order to help WKH provide better customer service.
Also, when WKH collects personal data from you in a transaction, WKH may extract some information about that transaction in a non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information such as clickstream data. This information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help WKH understand trends and patterns. This information is not reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner you can disable your cookies.
WKH may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on one or more of the Web Services that can be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent. This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. 
8.	Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
WKH does not sell, rent, or intentionally make publicly available any individually identifying information.  WKH reserves the right to transfer personal information to a purchaser or successor entity in the event of a sale or other corporate transaction involving some or all of our business.  WKH may disclose to third parties information in aggregate form, that is publicly available, and/or that is knowingly and voluntarily disclosed by visitors. If there are advertisements on the Site or any of the Web Services, the advertisers may be electronically notified when visitors view or click on their advertisements.
WKH may disclose information you provide to us to third parties in order to complete a transaction that you requested or as otherwise permitted by your organization's customer agreements (if any).
WKH may also outsource some tasks, including the operation of certain Site or Web Service functions that require access to information you supply online and information about your visits to the Site or use of the Web Services.   In such cases, however, WKH requires that the companies acting on WKH’s behalf institute safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your information. 
WKH contracts with other companies to provide certain services on WKH’s behalf, including credit-card and billing processing, shipping, e-mail distribution, list processing and analytics or promotions management. These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services to WKH, and they may not share, resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes.
WKH relies on some of WKH’s affiliates for support of the products and services we offer, and we share some of our back-office functions with other Wolters Kluwer companies.  WKH’s affiliates all follow applicable law and privacy policies in connection with preserving the confidentiality of any personal information they may access or receive. 
Where your use of the Site or Web Services is through a subscription obtained by your employer or other organization, that subscribing organization may be provided access to certain utilization data about the Site and/or Web Services consistent with the terms of the customer subscription agreement.
Other than as described in this Privacy Statement, WKH will not disclose any identifiable personal information about your usage of our Site or Web Services to unaffiliated third parties, except as necessary to service the account, to enforce the terms of use, to meet WKH’s obligations to content and technology providers, or as required by law.
9. Security Measures
WKH has implemented numerous security features to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For instance, when a visitor places an order on the Site or accesses his or her account information, WKH may offer the visitor the ability to use a secure server.  A secure server encrypts information a visitor inputs before it is sent to WKH, and is also used to securely store personal information. Please be advised, however, that while WKH has endeavored to create secure and reliable sites and services for visitors and users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from us via WKH sites and services or via e-mail cannot be guaranteed. Despite these measures, WKH cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures. Accordingly, WKH and our affiliates are not responsible for the security or confidentiality of information transmitted or accessible via the Internet.
WKH stores the information about you in a data center with restricted access and appropriate monitoring, and WKH uses a variety of technical security measures to secure your data. In addition, WKH uses intrusion detection and virus protection software. WKH also maintains policies or practices designed to limit access to your personal information to employees who need access in order to carry out their job responsibilities.
Also, please note that WKH may store and process your personal information in systems located outside of your home country. However, regardless of where storage and processing may occur, WKH takes appropriate steps designed to ensure that your information is protected, consistent with the principles set forth under this statement.
Your access to the Site, many of the Web Services, and content may be password protected. You should take precautions to protect your user names and passwords, and WKH recommends that you refrain from disclosing your usernames and passwords to anyone. WKH also recommends that you sign out of your account or service at the end of each session. You may also wish to close your browser window when you have finished your work, especially if you share a computer with someone else or if you are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
10. Opt-Out Right
Visitors and users may opt out of having their personal information collected by WKH, used by WKH for certain secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties, or used by us or third parties to send promotional correspondences to the visitor, by contacting Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. via postal mail, email, or telephone at the addresses below, or by unchecking the appropriate box while the visitor accesses his or her email preferences
11. Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Data
WKH strives to maintain the accuracy of the personal information collected through WKH’s websites. Where WKH maintains specific personal information about you, WKH will provide you with access to personally identifiable information you provide through the Site and/or Web Services for as long as WKH maintains that information in a readily accessible and retrievable format. WKH will also work with you to correct any information you submitted to WKH upon your request.
In addition, there are additional means to correct, amend or delete your personal information or update your preferences.  For example, you may cancel your registration or update your preferences at any time. Or, if you do not want to receive information about WKH products or services, please update your account preferences (where available), check the appropriate box when registering and/or utilize the “unsubscribe” mechanism within the communications that you receive from WKH.
The access and correction provisions of this Privacy Statement only apply to personally identifiable information collected from you through the Site or Web Services
12. Our Right to Change Privacy Statement
Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time by posting a new or revised statement. This Privacy Statement was last revised and is effective as of September 1, 2015
How to Contact Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. can be contacted:
By email: customerservice@lww.com
By telephone to the applicable number listed here:

                            In the United States: 1-800-638-3030
                            Outside of the United States: 1-301-223-2300
                        

