Privacy Policy of www.astro.com / Astrodienst AG / Astro AG
About the information you give us
        Astrodienst has been serving its customers around the world since
1980. Those customers entrust us with information which they expect
to remain confidential. We take that trust seriously. The information
you provide to Astrodienst is not made available to any other company
or individual. It is used internally to process the orders you place
with us, whether for a free service or when you are making a purchase.
Protection of personal data
Astrodienst has its own servers which are maintained by us. Nobody outside of Astrodienst has access to our software or data. The website uses encryption (TLSv.1.2) for security and to protect the transmission of confidential content. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line. All pages that transmit personal data to our servers are encrypted in secure TLS mode. The data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
As the controller, the Astrodienst AG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone. 
Collection of personal data
If we require personal information from you, you will be asked to confirm that your details have been transmitted. By submitting your data you give us your consent to collect this data. In general, this data is requested when you create a horoscope, create a registered user profile or purchase a product from the AstroShop.
Use of personal data
The creation of a horoscope on our website requires the entry of birth data: time, date and place of birth, as well as at least one first name, which can also be a pseudonym.

The use of the services on this website is possible with an anonymous guest profile, which does not require any personal data other than birth data for the horoscope.

To create a registered user profile, the following data is recorded:

Your e-mail address, which also serves as your user name
Password
Title
Name and surname
Country
Language preferences

The following additional data is recorded for a purchase:

Address (complete postal address, postcode, city)
Phone number, Fax number (if any)
Your payment preferences, although we never have any knowledge of your credit card number
Any additional notifications you may have entered

Your personal data will be used for the following purposes:

To make it easier for you to use the website, you only need to enter your personal data once.
To deliver or activate a purchased product.
To ensure that only you have access to your chart data and online services.
In order to be able to invoice you when you make a purchase.

Deletion of your data
You can delete your data at any time in "My Astro", either individual birth data or the complete profile. Please note that when you delete a profile, any services such as subscriptions or E-horoscopes are also deleted and thus expire. You need your password to delete a registered user profile and the data it contains.
Deleting a profile does not mean that all data on the servers of Astrodienst is deleted. The data can no longer be accessed on the website, but will be stored for a period of six months before being irrevocably deleted. This is used to restore an erroneously deleted profile. If you wish to have your data deleted immediately and irrevocably, please contact us by email.
Retention of data during an order
The data that you transmit to us when placing an order is subject to retention due to our duty to preserve records. This period is 10 years for companies in Switzerland. All data relevant to an order - name, address, dates of birth, email, products, payment information etc. - will be stored by us during this period. This storage takes place independently of the website. This data cannot be deleted.
Credit card data is never stored by Astrodienst, not even during the payment transaction, which is processed by an external payment provider. We never know your credit card number or security number.

E-mails
The services and contents of this website can be used anonymously and without registration. However, a registered user profile offers the possibility to store up to 100 birth data and to connect to your data from different devices. A valid email address is required to create a registered user profile. By creating a registered user profile, you give us permission to send you e-mails.
If you have forgotten your password or want to set a new one, the corresponding link will be sent to this address. We may also occasionally send you an email to this address informing you of the delivery status of a product you have requested, an innovation in a service you have requested or an innovation on the website, for example. It is not possible to use a registered user profile on www.astro.com and at the same time to cancel these emails completely, as they are regarded as an essential part of the service requested by you.
Your email address will be treated confidentially and will not be passed on to third parties.
We send out a few newsletters a year. Sending is done via our own servers. No personal tracking is carried out. Newsletters sent by us contain a link to unsubscribe from the mailing list.
Use of cookies
This website uses cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies serve to make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
 Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.
 You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If you set your browser so that the website "www.astro.com" cannot set cookies, you can use our services, but we cannot guarantee that you will have access to data entered earlier. More about cookies at Astrodienst can be found in our FAQ.
Forum posts
The contributions in the Astro-Forum are public and accessible to everyone. Before publication, carefully check that they do not contain any information that is not intended for the public. Although we do not allow any search engines in the forum, you must expect that your contributions will be recorded by search engines that do not follow the rules and will also be accessible worldwide without specifically calling up our website. Deletion or correction of such search engine entries often cannot be enforced on foreign operators. Astrodienst has no claim to the deletion of this data. 
Server Log Files
Our server automatically collects and stores information in log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:

 Browser type and browser version
 operating system used
 referrer URL
 Host name of the accessing computer
 Time of the server request

This data is not assigned to specific persons, and it is not combined with other data sources. We reserve the right to check the data subsequently if we become aware of concrete indications of an illegal use.
Right to information, deletion, blocking
You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipients, and the purpose of data processing as well as a right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data at any time. You can contact us at any time at the address given below if you have any further questions on the subject of personal data.
Payment Method: Data protection provisions about the use of PayPal as a payment processor
On this website, the controller has integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.
The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
If the data subject chooses "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.
The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.
The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.
PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.
The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.
The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
Facebook plugins
Our pages include plugins from the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc, 4 Grand Canal Square D2 Dublin, Ireland. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo on our page. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you click on a "Share" button, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click the Facebook "Share" button, content from our pages will be added to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to associate the visit to our pages with your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or of their use by Facebook. For more information, please see Facebook's Privacy Policy at https://www.facebook.com/policies
Twitter
Our pages include functions of the Twitter service. These functions are provided by Twitter Inc, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. By using Twitter and the "Re-Tweet" function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and made known to other users. Data is also transmitted to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the pages, we are not aware of the content of the data transmitted or how it is used by Twitter. For more information, please see Twitter's privacy policy at https://twitter.com/privacy.
You can change your Twitter privacy settings in your account settings at: https://twitter.com/account/settings
Google Analytics
This website occasionally uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.  The use of Google Analytics on www.astro.com is exclusively for statistical purposes. Astrodienst does not request or use any personalized data.
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set which prevents the collection of your data on future visits to this website: Disable Google Analytics
 More information on how Google Analytics handles user data can be found in Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Ads
If you have purchased a horoscope or subscription from Astrodienst, the website will automatically be free of advertising for the duration of the subscription, or for 12 months (Astro*Intelligence-Horoscopes) or 6 months (all other horoscope interpretations). 
All other visitors receive advertisements. Most of them are placed by Yieldlove GmbH on behalf of Astrodienst.
+ See the privacy policy of Yieldlove GmbH, from 05.11.2018
RESPONSIBLE ORGANIZATION
Responsible organization (also “person responsible“) is Yieldlove GmbH, Kehrwieder 9, 20457 Hamburg, following "Yieldlove" or "we" respectively "us".
COOKIES
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are sent when you visit a website and stored in the browser of the user. If the corresponding Internet page is retrieved, the browser of the user sends back the content of the cookies and thus enables recognition of the user. Certain cookies are automatically deleted after the end of the browser session (so-called session cookies), others are stored for a predetermined time or permanently in the user's browser and then delete themselves (so-called temporary or permanent cookies)
What data is stored in the cookies?
In cookies, no personal data is stored, but only an online identifier.
How can you prevent the use of cookies or delete cookies?
You can deactivate the storage of cookies via your browser settings and delete already stored cookies at any time in your browser (see the section "Technical notes"). Please note, however, that this online offering without cookies may not work or may only work to a limited extent.
Please note, furthermore, that contradictions against the creation of usage profiles partly work through a so-called "opt-out cookie". If you delete all cookies, a contradiction may therefore no longer be taken into account and must be collected again by you.
What cookies do we use?
Analysis cookies
We use analysis cookies in order to be able to record the usage behavior (eg clicked advertising banners, visited sub-pages, made search queries) of our users and to evaluate them in statistical form.
Advertising cookies
We also use cookies for promotional purposes. Usage profiles created using these cookies (eg, clicked banner ads, visited subpages, requested search queries) are used by us to show you advertisements or offers that are tailored to your interests ("interest-based advertising").
Advertising cookies of third parties
We also allow other companies to collect our users' data through advertising cookies. This allows us and third parties to provide users of our online service with interest-based advertising based on an analysis of their usage behavior (eg, clicked banner ads, visited subpages, requested search queries), and not limited to our online offerings.
Yieldlove delivers advertising banners on behalf of its customers. All our banners use cookies. We place these banners on third-party websites, such as a news page, with the help of third-party providers.
For diagnostic purposes, troubleshooting, and detecting fraudulent behavior, we collect user information in cookies using our 6-month lifecycle. The captured user information includes user agent, device, HTTP referrer and the IP. This data is not retained for more than 7 days.
Yieldlove takes reasonable steps to protect any information we process from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or notification. We take physical, electronic and procedural security measures to protect the data we process. By doing so, we restrict access to this information to authorized employees.
For the cookies that our third-party advertisers place for advertising purposes, we refer to the disclaimers that they have provided on the topic on their own websites. Note that we can only refer to these disclaimers, as they change regularly and Yieldlove has no control over them.
THIRD PARTIES AND OPT-OUT
 A central contradiction possibility for different third-party suppliers in particular US-companies is also attainable under the following link: optout.networkadvertising.org But you can also opt-out separately for each company we work with. Responsible for the data collection and for the delivery of interest based-based online advertising are the following companies on behalf of Yieldlove GmbH:
4w Marketplace
4w Marketplace (www.4wmarketplace.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of 4w Marketplace is 4w Marketplace srl located in Fisciano (Salerno) – 84084 in Via Giovanni Paolo II n.100. In case you would like to prevent 4w Marketplace from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://www.4wmarketplace.com/privacy/
Opt-out: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/it/le-tue-scelte
Adform
Adform (www.adform.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Adform is Adform located in Wildersgade 10B, 1, 1408 Copenhagen, Denmark. In case you would like to prevent Adform from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://site.adform.com/privacy-policy-opt-out/
Opt-out: https://site.adform.com/privacy-policy-opt-out/
Amazon
 Amazon (https://aps.amazon.com/aps/index.html) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Amazon publisher services is Amazon publisher services located in Washington – 410 Terry Ave. North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210. In case you would like to prevent Amazon publisher services from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_left_sib?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496
Opt-out: https://www.amazon.com/adprefs/ref=hp_468496_advertisingpref2
AppNexus
 AppNexus (https://www.appnexus.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of AppNexus is AppNexus Group located in in New York – 28 W. 23rd  Street, New York, New York, 10010. In case you would like to prevent Appnexus from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.appnexus.com/en/company/privacy-policy
Opt-out: https://www.appnexus.com/en/company/platform-privacy-policy#choices
Conversant
 Conversant (https://www.conversantmedia.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Conversant is Conversant inc. located in in Chicago (IL) – 101 North Wacker, 23rd  Floor Chicago, IL 60606. In case you would like to prevent Conversant from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy
Opt-out: http://optout.conversantmedia.com/
Criteo
 Criteo (https://www.criteo.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Criteo is Criteo located in Paris – 32 Rue Blanche – 75009 Paris - France. In case you would like to prevent Criteo from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Opt-out: https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
District M
 District M (https://districtm.net) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of District M is District M located in Montreal – 5455 Gaspe Ave #730, Montreal, QC H2T 3B3, Canada. In case you would like to prevent District M from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://districtm.net/en/page/platforms-data-and-privacy-policy/
Opt-out: https://cdn.districtm.ca/optout.html
Doubleclick
 Doubleclick (www.doubleclickbygoogle.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Doubleclick is Google located in Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow St Dublin 4 Ireland. In case you would like to prevent Doubleclick from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=en
Facebook
Facebook (www.facebook.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Facebook is Facebook Inc., located in 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. In case you would like to prevent Facebook from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Opt-out: https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences
Indexexchange
 Indexexchange (www.indexexchange.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Indexexchange is Indexexchange located in New York – 20 W 22nd  St. Suite 1101, New York, NY 10010. In case you would like to prevent Indexexchange from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
Opt-out: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
Media.net
 Media.net (http://www.media.net/privacy-policy) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Media.net is Media.net Advertising Ltd. located in Dubai – 107/108, DIC Building 5, Dubai Internet City, Dubai, 215028, United Arab Emirates. In case you would like to prevent Media.net from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://www.media.net/privacy-policy
Opt-out: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Oath
 Oath (https://www.oath.com/) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Oath is Oath (EMEA) Limited located in Dublin - 5-7 Point Square, North Wall Quay. In case you would like to prevent Oath from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://privacy.aol.com/
Opt-out: https://aim.yahoo.com/aim/ie/en/optout/
OpenX
 OpenX (https://www.OpenX.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of OpenX is OpenX located in Pasadena – 888 E Walnut St, 2nd Floor, Pasadena CA, 91101, USA. In case you would like to prevent OpenX from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: https://www.openx.com/legal/interest-based-advertising/
Pubmatic
 Pubmatic (https://www.pubmatic.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Pubmatic is Pubmatic, Inc. located in Redwood City – 305 Main Street, First Floor, Redwood City, California 94063, USA. In case you would like to prevent Pubmatic from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
Pulsepoint
 Pulsepoint (https://www.pulsepoint.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Pulsepoint is Pulsepoint, Inc. located in New York – 360 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10017. In case you would like to prevent Pulsepoint from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.pulsepoint.com/privacy-policy
Opt-out: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
Reachnet
 Reachnet (https://www.reachnet.de) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Reachnet is Reachnet DE Ltd. located in Hamburg – Grindelallee 41, D-20146 Hamburg. In case you would like to prevent Reachnet from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.reachnet.de/unternehmen/datenschutz.html
Opt-out: https://imagesrv.adition.com/1x1.gif
Rubicon Project
 Rubicon Project (https://www.rubiconproject.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Rubicon Project is Rubicon Project, inc. located in Playa Vista – 12181 Bluff Creek Drive, 4th Floor, Playa Vista, CA 90094, USA. In case you would like to prevent Rubicon Project from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://www.rubiconproject.com/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: https://rubiconproject.com/privacy/consumer-online-profile-and-opt-out/
Primis
 Primis (https://www.primis.tech) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Primis is Primis LTD located in 622 Third avenue, McCann New York House 10017 New York City, USA. In case you would like to prevent Primis from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.primis.tech/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/primisPrivacyPolicy2018.pdf
Opt-out: https://web.archive.org/web/20180116234711/http:/live.sekindo.com/utils/cookieOptOut.php
Smaato
 Smaato (https://www.smaato.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Smaato is Smaato Ad Services located in Hamburg – Valentinskamp 70, Emporio, 20355 Hamburg, Germany. In case you would like to prevent Smaato from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Opt-out: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
SmartAdserver
 SmartAdserver (https://www.smartadserver.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of SmartAdserver is SmartAdserver located in Paris – 66 Rue de la Chaussée d´Antin, 75009 Paris, France. In case you would like to prevent SmartAdserver from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://smartadserver.com/company/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: http://www.smartadserver.com/diffx/optout/IABOptout.aspx
Sovrn
 Sovrn (https://www.sovrn.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Sovrn is Sovrn Holdings, Inc. located in Boulder – 5541 Central Avenue, Boulder, CO 80301. In case you would like to prevent Sovrn from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy-eu/
Opt-out: https://info.evidon.com/pub_info/15620?v=1&nt=0&nw=false
Ströer SSP
 Ströer SSP (https://www.adscale.de) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Ströer SSP is Ströer media Deutschland GmbH located in Köln – 50999 Köln, Ströer-Allee 1. In case you would like to prevent Adscale from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://www.adscale.de/datenschutz
Opt-out: ih.adscale.de/adscale-ih/oo
Twiago
 Twiago (https://www.twiago.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Twiago is Twiago located in Köln – Gustav-Heinemann-Ufer 72b, 50968 Köln. In case you would like to prevent Twiago from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: http://www.twiago.com/datenschutz/
Opt-out: http://control.twiago.com/privacy.php?lang=0
Mopub
 Mopub (https://www.mopub.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Mopub is Twitter, Inc. located in San Francisco – 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, Ca 94103. In case you would like to prevent Moppub from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Opt-out: https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Inmobi
 Inmobi (https://www.inmobi.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Inmobi is Inmobi Pte Ltd located in Bangalore – Embassy Tech Square, Kadubeesanahalli Village Outer Ring Road, Varthur Hobli, Bangalore 560103. In case you would like to prevent Inmobi from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Privacy policy: https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: https://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
OTHER / UNFORESEEN COOKIES
Due to the way in which Internet and websites work, it is possible that we do not always have oversight into the cookies that are placed through our banners by third parties. This is particularly the case when our banners contain embedded elements such as texts, documents, images or film clips that are stored by another party, but that are shown on, in or through our banners.
Should you encounter cookies on this website that fall into this category which we have not mentioned above, please let us know or contact the third party directly and ask which cookies they have placed, what the reason for this is, what the lifetime of the cookie is and in what way they have safeguarded your privacy.
YOUR RIGHTS WITH REGARDS TO YOUR DATA
Yieldlove does not view the banner advertising data it uses as personal data under the applicable law. Likewise, we do not collect or process sensitive personal data such as data on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, or sex life. We also do not knowingly collect data from children under the age of 12.
However, if you want to correct, update or delete the banner advertising data we have, or if you would like to correct, update or delete the personal data that you have provided to us via the contact form on our homepage, you can contact us by e-mail at privacy@yieldlove.com.
EDAA
We participate in the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) self-regulatory programs and adhere to the EDAA Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. EDAA principally acts as the central licensing body for the OBA Icon and provides technical means for consumers to exercise transparency and control over OBA through the youronlinechoices.eu online consumer choice platform. EDAA is governed by EU-level organisations which make up the value chain of OBA within Europe and acts to ensure European consistency in approach. Click here to learn more about the EDAA.
MODIFICATIONS AND CONTACT
We will, on occasion need to adapt these statements. For instance, if we modify our website or if the rules governing cookies or privacy change. We or our partners may always modify the content of the statements and the cookies that are stated without prior warning. Please refer back to this web page to see the latest version.
 In case you have any questions and/or comments, or wish to make a complaint, please contact  our data security official Dr. Christian Ronge at datenschutzbeauftragter@stroeer.de. or by writing to:
Head of Legal 
Ströer SE & Co. KGaA 
Konzernzentrale Ströer Allee 1
50999 Köln 
Tel.: (0 22 36) 96 45 - 290 .Fax: -6290 
Updates and changes of the Privacy Policy
This page is updated and modified from time to time. Last Update: 15 May 2018. By visiting www.astro.com and by using its services, you declare that you accept our Data Protection Policy and Terms of Use.
The original data protection declaration is in German. The translated versions are for better comprehension only. In case of disputes, the German text takes precedence.
 Contact
Astrodienst AG
Dammstrasse 23
8702 Zollikon / Zürich
Switzerland
Telephone international: +41-44-392 18 18
Telephone within Switzerland: 044-392 18 18
(Mo - Fr 09-12h und 14 - 17h, Swiss time)
Email for questions regarding privacy and data deletion: userdata@astro.com
EU representative for Astrodienst and Astro AG:
C. Treindl
Turmstr. 47
DE-72351 Geislingen-Binsdorf
Email: eu_vertretung@astro.ch

Sources: Disclaimer eRecht24, DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, Privacy Policies Google Adsense / Google Analytics / Twitter / Criteo / Facebook

