
A) Personal Data we collect and process for our own purposes: Collected Data
When you visit our Websites or participate in Freshworks’s events, Freshworks may collect information, which may include Personal Data, from Individuals as set forth below (collectively referred to as “Collected Data”). For the purposes of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Freshworks shall be the controller for the Collected Data – this means that Freshworks decides what Collected Data is processed and why.
When does Freshworks process Collected Data?
1) Sign-up, billing and Account information.
When you subscribe and sign-up to any of our Service(s), we may collect your (i) contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, IP address, geographic location, or phone number of the Account admin; (ii) billing information, such as credit card number and billing address; (iii) name and e-mail address when Account admin/Agent(s) provide feedback from within the Service(s); and (iv) unique identifiers, such as username, account number or password.
Subject to this Notice and the Terms, we will use such data, including without limitation, to (i) provide you the Service(s); (ii) send you communication from the Service(s); (iii) assess needs of your business to determine or suggest suitable Service(s); (iv) send you requested information about the Service(s); (v) respond to customer service requests, questions and concerns; (vi) administer your Account; (vii) send you promotional and marketing communications (where you have requested us to do so); and (viii) facilitate your transactions with other users when you use our Service(s).
2) Freshworks Careers.
When you apply for an open position by populating the application form, we may collect your (i) contact information, such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, links to your social networking profiles; and (ii) any other information contained in the resume that you submit to us.
Subject to this Notice, we will use such data to evaluate you for the open position that you have applied for or any position that we consider you suitable for at the time you submit your resume or at any later date. Unless you notify us otherwise by an e-mail to support@freshteam.com, we will retain such data for a period of 1 year for archival purposes. If you wish to update the data you provided to us, you may do so by contacting us at support@freshteam.com.
For the purposes of evaluating you for an open position, you understand that we may internally rate you based on parsing of your resume and your information. If you do not wish to be rated by us, please do not provide us your information.
3) Events.
When you attend an event conducted by Freshworks, including webinars or seminars, we may collect your contact information such as name, e-mail address, designation and company name.
Subject to this Notice, we will use such data, including without limitation, to (i) assess needs of your business to determine or suggest suitable Service(s); (ii) send you requested information about the Service(s); (iii) send you promotional and marketing communications (where you have requested us to do so); and (iv) respond to your questions and concerns.
4) Referrals via Glowboard.
To help refer our Service, Customers can provide us with contacts within the Service. We may collect contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number of such contact from our Customer. By providing us this information about third parties, you warrant you have complied with all necessary legal requirements to provide us with this information, including obtaining all necessary consents and providing the third party with a copy of this Notice.
If you have been referred by our Customer, then, subject to this Notice, we will use such data, including without limitation, to (i) assess needs of your business to determine or suggest suitable Service(s); (ii) send you promotional and marketing communications (where you have requested us to do so); and (iii) respond to your questions and concerns.
5) Program Registrations.
When you register for any of our programs through a registration form on our Websites, we may collect information such as name, e-mail address, company name and website URL, company details, location and contact information. Subject to this Notice, we will use such data, including without limitation, to (i) facilitate your use of the program portal for which you have registered; (ii) send you communication from within the Service(s); (iii) send you requested information about our Service(s); (iv) respond to your requests, questions and concerns; and (v) send you promotional and marketing communications (where you have requested us to do so).
6) Public forums, Forms and Newsletters.
When you visit our publicly accessible community forums and blogs or submit any forms on our Website, you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Further, we may collect your (i) contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number; (ii) information about your business, such as company name, company size, business type; and (iii) a short bio about you to identify you as the author of the post. When you actively subscribe to our newsletters, we collect your e-mail address to share our newsletters with you.
Subject to this Notice, we will use such data, including without limitation, to (i) assess needs of your business to determine or suggest suitable Service(s); (ii) send you requested information about the Service(s); (iii) send you promotional and marketing communications (where you have requested us to do so); and (iv) respond to your questions and concerns.
7) Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We and our third party advertising partners use cookies and similar technologies in analyzing trends, administering the website, tracking users’ movements around the site, and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis. Most web browsers support cookies and users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Websites and services.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our Website (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We link this automatically collected data to other data we collect about you. We do this mainly to improve services We offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, and/or Website performance and functionality.
Please see our Cookies Policy for further information about our use of Cookies and similar technologies.
8) Analytics.
Apart from the aforementioned information collected by us, we automatically receive and record certain Personal Data of yours when You visit our Websites. This includes device model, IP address, the type of browser being used, usage pattern through cookies and browser settings, query logs and product usage logs. We also collect clicks, scrolls, conversion and drop-off on our Websites and Service(s) to render user journey at real-time. Subject to this Notice, we will use such data, including without limitation, to (i) assess needs of your business to determine or suggest suitable Service(s); (ii) send you requested information about the Service(s); (iii) respond to customer service requests, questions and concerns; and (iv) for analytical purposes.
You authorize Freshworks and its service providers to perform analytics on such Collected Data, to (i) improve, enhance, support and operate the Websites; and (ii) compile statistical reports and record insights into usage patterns. You acknowledge that Freshworks uses Collected Data, as the case may be, for the aforementioned purposes.
9) Testimonials.
We may post your testimonials/comments/reviews on our Websites which may contain your Personal Data. Prior to posting the testimonial, we will obtain your consent to post your name along with the testimonial. If you want your testimonial removed, please contact us at support@freshworks.com.
You understand that we will not be liable to any person for unauthorized publishing of testimonials by customers of Glowboard. If you, as a Customer of our Service Glowboard, wish to publish on your websites, any testimonials you have received from third parties via e-mails or widgets, it is your responsibility to obtain consent from such third parties prior to publishing the testimonials.
10) Marketing communications.
We may use your e-mail address, collected as part of Collected Data, to send our newsletters and/or marketing communications about our products and services. Where you have so requested, we will also send you marketing communications about our third party partners. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, you can opt out by following the instructions contained in the e-mails you receive or by contacting us at support@freshworks.com.

