


We respect your privacy. 

We only send emails relevant to Analytics, Big Data, Data Science, or 
Data Mining. 

To report any problems, please send email to editor1 at KDnuggets dot com.

Email List Information Collection

For each visitor that signs up for our email list, we collect only the information that is requested on the list signup form. Our web servers may collect the domain name or IP address of visitors to our web page(s). 
We also may collect clickstream information. In our email messages to you which are distributed through this list, we may have information from third party providers for products and services which may be advertised or promoted within messages we send to you from this email list - the privacy policies of those third-party provider sites govern the method by which they collect and use such information.

Use of Web Site Information Collected

The information we collect may be used to create an aggregate demographic profile of our user base so that we can improve content and services and provide aggregate information to potential advertisers (no individual information is provided to any third-party without your consent), to customize the content and/or layout of our email messages or pages for each individual visitor, to notify you about updates to our web site and services, to send you our opt-in e-mail newsletter(s), to provide you with the products and/or services for which you signed-up or registered, which may include sending service disruption notices or other service- or product-related information via email, and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes without your consent. We may share collected information with another company in the event that we merge with or are acquired by another company. Upon request, we will provide you with the information (e.g., email address, name, etc.) that we maintain about you.

Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe, just click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each KDnuggets newsletter.

Cookies

We, and some of our partners who provide some of the services and products on our site, may use cookies to record session information, such as items that you add to your shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when you return to our site, and customize web page or email message content based on your browser type or other information.

Ad Servers and Other Partners

To try and bring you offers and information that may be of interest to you, we may have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads or provide other services or products in our e-mail newsletter(s). As a result of your visit to our site, these companies may collect non-personally-identifiable information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of these companies, including that of MailChimp.

Security

We and providers of the email list management service used for this list, 
strive to maintain appropriate security measures in our respective physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you for being part of our email list. Although we take reasonable measures to secure our data, we cannot guarantee that the measures taken are or will remain adequate. Since we may include links from messages sent to the email list to other companies' web sites, please refer to the privacy policies of those sites for information on how they handle security for information they collect.

Changes to Email List Privacy Policy

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Email List Privacy Policy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to this Email List Privacy Policy page to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of our list. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at this Email List Privacy Policy page periodically.

                

