
This page is also available in: 
    ThaiThaifoodmaster.com is firmly committed to maintaining the privacy and protection of your personal information. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Thaifoodmaster.com and how it is used.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, Thaifoodmaster.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Thaifoodmaster.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies to identify you so we can retrieve your information so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
This site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Thaifoodmaster.com.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to Thaifoodmaster.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense, and Amazon.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Thaifoodmaster.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Thaifoodmaster.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Thaifoodmaster.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites
Usage and Sharing
We do not sell, share, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance written permission or unless ordered by a court of law.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. For example, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information, for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you. We may transfer the information that you have provided to us if Thaifoodmaster.com is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Thaifoodmaster.com will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Why Did You Receive An Email From Us?
You receive mailings from Thaifoodmaster.com for two possible reasons:
Your email address has been provided to us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (“opt-in”);
You have purchased or registered or otherwise have an existing relationship with us.
We respect your time and attention by controlling the content and frequency of our mailings.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information, like their name and email address, and unique identifiers. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to unsubscribe.
Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user’s identity and for use in our record system.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information and unique identifiers. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
How Can You Stop Receiving Email From Thaifoodmaster?
Each email sent contains an easy and automated way for you to stop receiving email messages from Thaifoodmaster.com in the future. If you would like to do this—to “opt-out” —simply follow the links at the bottom of every email message.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All data is protected using the most advanced methods available. We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this site.


