

This Privacy Policy applies even if you have booked flights via a third party (such as a travel agent or holiday company), as this Privacy Policy forms part of your Terms of carriage  and your contract with us for the provision and operation of those flights.
easyJet is committed to protecting your safety and privacy, and takes its responsibilities regarding the security of customer information very seriously. This privacy policy explains what personal data we collect about you, how and why we use it, who we disclose it to, and how we protect your privacy.


1. Who is responsible for your data
Our Privacy Policy applies to the personal data that easyJet collects and uses.
References in this Privacy Policy to “easyJet”, “we”, “us” or “our” mean easyJet Airline Company Limited (a company registered in England and Wales with registration no 3034606 and registered office at Hangar 89, London Luton Airport, Luton, Bedfordshire, LU2 9PF). We control the ways your personal data are collected and the purposes for which your personal data are used by easyJet and are the “data controller” for the purposes of the UK Data Protection Act 1998, Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection and the Ordinance and other applicable European data protection legislation.   
We are part of a corporate group of companies (“our Group”), which includes easyJet Switzerland S.A (a company registered in Switzerland with registration no 106.034.481 and registered office 5 Route de l’Aeroport, Meyrin, CH-1215, Geneva, 15 Switzerland). easyJet Switzerland S.A is governed by the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection and the Ordinance to the Federal Act on Data Protection.


2. Personal data we collect about you
When using the term “personal data” in our Privacy Policy, we mean information that relates to you and allows us to identify you, either directly or in combination with other information that we may hold. Your personal data may include for example your name, your contact details, information relating to your travel itinerary (e.g. your booking reference number) or information on how you use our website and app or you interact with us.
We collect some personal data from you, for example when you book a flight with us, use our website or our app, use our services or contact us. We may also receive your personal data from our suppliers who provide services to you on our behalf (for example when you provide feedback on our services), our partners when you purchase their travel related products or third parties who act on your behalf, for example travel agents or other parties who book a flight for you. If you book a flight on behalf of someone else, you must have their consent to use their personal information. 
For more information on the parties who may share your personal data with us, please see section 7 below.
Categories of data we collect

We may collect and process the following categories of information about you:


Your name and surname and your contact details
            (email address, telephone number and postal address)
            
            
            When you create an account on our website
            When you book a flight 
            When you purchase our easyJet plus membership
            When you take part in our competitions, or
            When you choose an offer we make available on our website
            
        
        
            Information about your bookings and your travel itinerary, if you require special assistance or if you have specific dietary requirements. This information may include any changes to your bookings and travel products that relate to your booking (for example if you purchase allocated seats or additional luggage or if you purchase travel insurance, rent a car or book a hotel along with your flight booking).
            
            When you book or manage your flight
            
        
        
            Information about your health, if you have a medical condition that may affect your flight (please see section “Sensitive personal data” below for more information)
            
            When you provide us with this information before you fly
            
        
        
            Information about other passengers in your booking, and the age range of any children traveling with you.
            
            When you make a booking on behalf of other passengers
            
        
        
            Information about your transaction, including your payment card details
            
            When you purchase easyJet products or services
Advance Passenger Information. This information includes your full name, your nationality, your date of birth, your gender (where required) - the number and type of your travel document (e.g. passport or ID), its expiry date and country of issue
            
            When you check in for specific travel routes
            
        
        
            Information related to your flights and our services in connection with your flights (e.g. auto-bag drop service, declaring lost luggage) 
            
            When you take an easyJet flight
            When you use our services at the airport
            
        
        
            Information about your purchases of our partners’ travel related products and services 
            
            When you purchase such products or services
            
        
        
            Information about the purchase of products available on board
            
            When you pre-order these products or purchase them on board
            
        
        
            The communications you exchange with us (for example, your emails, letters, calls, or your messages on our online chat service)
            
            When you contact easyJet or you are contacted by easyJet
            
        
        
            Your posts and messages on social media directed to easyJet 
            
            When you interact with us on social media 
            
        
        
            Your feedback

            
            When you reply to our requests for feedback or participate in our customer surveys
            
        
        
            Your preferred departure locations
            
            When you choose to provide this information while creating an account or through managing your preferences
            
        
        
            Information about how you use our website or our mobile app, such as your searches for flights
            
            When you navigate on our website or when you use our mobile app
            
        
        
            Information that relates to your easyJet memberships (for example if you are an easyJet Plus member or a Flight Club member)
            
            When you obtain, renew or cancel your easyJet memberships

Sensitive personal data 

In the course of providing services to you, we may collect information that could reveal your racial or ethnic origin, physical or mental health, religious beliefs or alleged commission or conviction of criminal offences. Such information is considered “sensitive personal data” under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and other data protection laws. We only collect this information where you have given your explicit consent, it is necessary, or you have deliberately made it public. 

For example, we may collect this information in the following circumstances:

We may collect and process the following categories of information about you:In the course of providing services to you, we may collect information that could reveal your racial or ethnic origin, physical or mental health, religious beliefs or alleged commission or conviction of criminal offences. Such information is considered “sensitive personal data” under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and other data protection laws. We only collect this information where you have given your explicit consent, it is necessary, or you have deliberately made it public.For example, we may collect this information in the following circumstances:
For your safety, when you have a specific medical condition, you will need to inform us of that and –where required – provide us with a medical certificate. To find out more on medical information you need to disclose to us, please review our medical policy.

If you request special assistance during a flight, this could reveal information about your health (for example if you ask for a wheelchair). If you inform us about specific dietary requirements you may have, this could potentially indicate that you have specific religious beliefs. Also, when you provide us with your travel document details, your nationality may imply your racial or ethnic origin.

By providing any sensitive personal data you explicitly agree that we may collect and use it in order to provide our services and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.





If you request special assistance during a flight, this could reveal information about your health (for example if you ask for a wheelchair). If you inform us about specific dietary requirements you may have, this could potentially indicate that you have specific religious beliefs. Also, when you provide us with your travel document details, your nationality may imply your racial or ethnic origin.By providing any sensitive personal data you explicitly agree that we may collect and use it in order to provide our services and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If you do not allow us to process any sensitive personal data, this may mean we are unable to provide all or parts of the services you have requested from us. Please be aware that in such circumstances you will not be entitled to cancel or obtain a refund of any price you have paid.

3. How and why we use your personal data
We use your personal data for the following purposes:

To manage your travel bookings and provide our services to you
    When you are flying with us, we use your information to perform our services in relation to your flight, for example to issue your flight tickets, check you in for your flight, issue your boarding pass, accept you on board and take you safely to your destination. We also use it to change your flight bookings if you request such changes. 
    In addition, we use your information when you are using our airport services, such as when you check in at our desks at the airport or use our auto bag drop service. 


To communicate with you and manage our relationship with you
    Occasionally we may need to contact you by email and/or SMS for administrative or operational reasons, for example in order to send you confirmation of your bookings and your payments, to inform you about your travel itinerary, to notify you when check in is available or to advise you of disruption and changes to your flights. If you are using our mobile app, we may also send you app notifications for these purposes.
    
    Please be aware that these communications are not made for marketing purposes and as such, you will continue to receive them even if you opt-out from receiving marketing communications.

    We will also use your personal data if we contact you after you have sent us a request, filled in a web-form through our website or contacted us on social media. 


    Your opinion is very important to us, so we may send you an email or SMS to seek your feedback.

    We will use the communications you exchange with us and the feedback you may provide in order to manage our relationship with you as our customer and to improve our services and experiences for customers. 



To personalise and improve your customer experience
    We may use your personal data in order to tailor our services to your needs and preferences and to provide you with a personalised customer experience. For example, if you inform us about your preferred departure airports we will be able to send you offers for flights relevant to your location.
    
    We may also collect information on how you use our website, which pages of our website you visit most, which flights you search for and what products you buy, in order to understand what you like. We may use this information to tailor the content and offers that you see on our website and, if you have agreed to receiving marketing communications, to send you relevant messages that we think you like.  

    If you are in the process of making a booking under your account and you leave our website before your order has been placed, we may contact you in order to help you easily complete your booking.   



To inform you about our news and offers that you may like
    We may send you marketing communications, if you have indicated that you are happy to receive these, for example when you create an account on our website or make a booking with us and you do not express a wish to not receive such communications. You can also request us to send you marketing communications through managing your preferences in your account. 
    If you are happy to receive marketing communications, we will provide you with news from us such as new routes that you may be interested in or offers that you may like. Such offers may include information about our flights and other associated travel products that are available on our website and are offered to you while making a booking with us.
    In addition, if you are happy to receive marketing communications, we may send you communications promoting our partners’ products and services that may be related with your travel arrangements. These products may include: Airport Parking, Airport Lounges, Airport Transfers, Holidays packages, Get your Guide and Bistro and Boutique products. Please note that this is not an exhaustive list and is subject to change. 
    Please note that we do not share your contact details and other personal data with other companies for marketing purposes, unless we have obtained your consent to do so. 
    If you do not want to receive marketing communications from us, you can simply tell us so by clicking the relevant box before confirming your booking. You can also choose to opt out from receiving marketing communications at any time, by clicking on the relevant unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing related email you may receive from us.  
    If you have an easyJet online account, you can easily manage your marketing preferences through your account and you can at any time opt out from receiving marketing communications, by clicking on the “Contact Preferences” section of your account.
    If you prefer, you can also call our Customer Service team and express your preference to not receive marketing communications (Tel. +44 843 104 5000) or send an email to data.protection@easyjet.com with the header “Unsubscribe”.

To improve our services, fulfil our administrative purposes and protect our business interests 
        The business purposes for which we will use your information include accounting, billing and audit, credit or other payment card verification, fraud screening, safety, security and legal purposes, statistical and marketing analysis, systems testing, maintenance and development. 

To comply with our legal obligations, for example, our obligation to provide your information to border control agencies.


4. Requesting access to your personal data
You have a right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you. This could include booking information relating to flights you have taken with us.


If you would like to request a copy of your personal data, please visit our dedicated page for more information: https://www.easyjet.com/en/policy/datarequest.


If you have questions in relation to your personal data, please contact us at: data.protection@easyjet.com.

5. Security of your personal data
        We are committed to taking appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage to personal data. When you provide your personal data through our website or our mobile app, this information is transmitted across the internet securely using high-grade encryption.
        We are committed to taking appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage to personal data. When you provide your personal data through our website or our mobile app, this information is transmitted across the internet securely using high-grade encryption.Furthermore, easyJet is a PCI DSS compliant organisation. This means that we adhere to high security standards in order to protect your payment card details when you are sending us this information. 
As described in this Privacy Policy, we may in some instances disclose your personal data to third parties. Where easyJet discloses your personal data to a third party, we require that third party to have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect your personal data; however in some instances we may be compelled by law to disclose your personal data to a third party, such as border control agencies, and have limited control over how it is protected by that party.
The information that you provide to us will be held in our systems, which are located on our premises or those of an appointed third party. We may also allow access to your information by other third parties who act for us for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for other purposes approved by you. Your personal data may be accessed by and processed outside the European Economic Area (the European Economic Area being the European Union and Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, also referred to as the “EEA”) - including by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers or agents (this includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your booking, ground handlers, and the provision of support services). Where your personal data are transferred outside of the EEA, we require that appropriate safeguards are in place. 
We will retain your personal data for as long as we need it in order to fulfil our purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in order to comply with the law. 

6. Cookies or other tracking technologies
        In order to improve our services, to provide you with more relevant content and to analyse how visitors use our website and app, we may use technologies, such as cookies, pixels or tracking software. Please be aware that in most cases we will not be able to identify you from the information we collect using these technologies.
        In order to improve our services, to provide you with more relevant content and to analyse how visitors use our website and app, we may use technologies, such as cookies, pixels or tracking software. Please be aware that in most cases we will not be able to identify you from the information we collect using these technologies.For example, we use software to monitor customer traffic patterns and website usage to help us develop the design and layout of the website in order to enhance the experience of the visitors to our website. This software does not enable us to collect any personal data. In addition, in order to understand how our customers interact with the emails and the content that we send, we use pixels that allow us to know if the emails we send are opened or if the content of our emails is displayed in text or html form.
We also use cookies in our website, mobile app or in our emails. Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. They enable you to navigate on our website or app and allow us to provide features such as remembering aspects of your last flight search to make subsequent searches faster. You can delete cookies if you wish; while certain cookies are necessary for viewing and navigating on our website or app, most of the features will be still accessible without cookies.
For more information on how we use cookies and how you can remove them, read our Cookie Policy.

7. Sharing your personal data
Your personal data may be shared with other companies within our Group. It may also be disclosed to a third party who acquires us, a member of our Group or substantially all of our assets.
We may also share some of your personal data with, or obtain your personal data from, the following categories of third parties:

Airports, government authorities, law enforcement bodies and regulators when this is necessary to get you to your destination or is required by law. For example, for specific travel routes we are required by law to provide border control agencies with information that relates to your travel documents and to your travel itinerary. This information is known as Advance Passenger Information. See our help page for more details about travel documents and Advance Passenger Information.


Travel agents or other companies through which you book your easyJet flights


Suppliers providing services to us in order to help us run our business and improve our services and your customer experience. We may for example share your personal data with the companies who provide ground services for us to the airports to which we operate. We may also disclose your information to our contact centre or the companies who help us get your feedback on our services. 
            At easyJet, we select very carefully our suppliers who process your personal data on our behalf and require that they comply with high security standards for the protection of your personal data. 


Credit and debit card companies 
            easyJet shares some of your personal data, which includes information about your method of payment and flight booking, to the credit or debit card company that issued the card you used to  make your booking. In order to ensure the security of your transactions and prevent or detect fraudulent transactions, we may also share your information with our fraud screening partner.


Our partners who offer travel related products and services on our website, promote offers or co-organise competitions on our website
            From time to time, we make certain third party offers available through our website or we publish competitions co-organised by third parties. If you choose to purchase products or services offered on our websites by third parties (for example Airport Transfers, Airport Lounges, Airport Parking), accept offers or participate in a competition, some of your personal data, such as your contact details and your billing information, may be directly collected by or disclosed to that third party.
            As such, if you purchase their products or services, your information may be collected by or transferred to the following parties. Please note that the below list is not exhaustive and is subject to change: 

Hotelopia S.L.U. a legally constituted Spanish company, which operates as a wholesale-retail travel agency. Hotelopia, S.L.U. is based in Palma de Mallorca 07006 (Spain), C/ Calle Padre Ventura 19, with licence number BAL-481 M/D, tax identification code B-57218356 and registered in the Mercantile Register of Mallorca (page PM-44857, volume 2007, folio 148); 
Europcar International S.A.S.U., a company registered in France under number 542065305 and whose registered office is at 3 Avenue du Centre, 78881 Saint Quentin en Yvelines, France;
Holiday Extras Limited, a company registered in England under number 01693250 and whose registered office is at Ashford Road, Newingreen, Hythe, Kent, CT21 4JF;
Collinson Insurance Services Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with registered number 00758979 whose registered office is at Cutlers Exchange, 123 Houndsditch, London, EC3A 7BU and Zurich Insurance plc, a public limited company incorporated in Ireland (registration no. 13460) with its registered branch in the UK, (UK establishment number BR7985), located at The Zurich Centre, 3000 Parkway, Whiteley, Fareham, Hampshire, PO15 7JZ
Booking.com B.V., a company registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under registration number 31047344, with VAT registration number NL805734958B01. 
                Accordingly, when you purchase products available on board, your personal data will be transferred to our partner offering these products: gategroup Holding AG, a company registered in Switzerland under registration number 1299932, and whose registered office is at Balz-Zimmermanstrasse 7, 8302, Kloten, Switzerland, and/or its affiliate companies.
                When you book connected flights through the “Worldwide by easyJet” service, your personal data will be shared with our partner airlines and Gatwick Airport through the GatwickConnects service.
                Our partners have their own privacy policies and terms of use over which easyJet does not have control. Whilst easyJet carefully selects these partners, it has no responsibility or liability for their privacy policies, terms of use or the way they process your personal data. Please ensure that you review the relevant privacy policies and terms of use of these partners prior to purchasing their goods or services, using their websites, apps or services or providing any personal data to them. 



Authorities, including the Civil Aviation Authority
            We may also disclose your personal data to the Civil Aviation Authority (“CAA”), for the purposes of ensuring compliance with and the enforcement of ATOL regulations.    
            In addition to the parties listed above, we may disclose your personal data when this is required by the law of any jurisdiction to which easyJet may be subject.
Through our website we provide links to third party websites which are subject to separate Privacy Polices. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites and easyJet is not responsible for your information that third parties may collect through these websites. 



8. Updates to our Privacy Policy



9. Contact information
 We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time, including as part of the new European data protection legislation which will start to apply on 25 May 2018 (the “General Data Protection Regulation”) - we will update the Privacy Policy and we will publish on our website any new version of this Policy.Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to data.protection@easyjet.com.
