1. Who is responsible for your personal data
Our Privacy Policy applies to the personal data that we at easyJet collect and use.

We are easyJet Airline Company Limited and we are a company registered in England and Wales with registration no 3034606 and registered office at Hangar 89, London Luton Airport, Luton, Bedfordshire, LU2 9PF. We control the ways your personal data are collected and the purposes for which your personal data are used by easyJet and we are the “controller” for the purposes of the data protection laws that apply to us, like the GDPR which is the European General Data Protection Regulation or  the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection and the Ordinance. 


Our Privacy Policy applies to the personal data that we at easyJet collect and use.We are easyJet Airline Company Limited and we are a company registered in England and Wales with registration no 3034606 and registered office at Hangar 89, London Luton Airport, Luton, Bedfordshire, LU2 9PF. We control the ways your personal data are collected and the purposes for which your personal data are used by easyJet and we are the “controller” for the purposes of the data protection laws that apply to us, like the GDPR which is the European General Data Protection Regulation or the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection and the Ordinance.We are part of a corporate group of companies (“our Group”), which includes easyJet Switzerland S.A (a company registered in Switzerland with registration no 106.034.481 and registered office 5 Route de l’Aeroport, Meyrin, CH-1215, Geneva, 15 Switzerland). easyJet Switzerland S.A is governed by the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection and the Ordinance to the Federal Act on Data Protection.

2. Personal data we collect about you
When  we refer to “personal data” in this Policy, we mean information that relates to you. Your personal data may include for example your name, your contact details, information relating to your travel itinerary (e.g. your booking reference number) or information on how you use our website and app or you interact with us.

We collect some of your personal data directly from you, for example when you book a flight with us, use our website or our app, use our services or contact us. We may also receive your personal data from our suppliers who provide services to you on our behalf (for example when you provide feedback on our services), our partners when you purchase their travel related products or third parties who act on your behalf, for example travel agents, tour operators or other parties through which you may book a flight. 

When we refer to “personal data” in this Policy, we mean information that relates to you. Your personal data may include for example your name, your contact details, information relating to your travel itinerary (e.g. your booking reference number) or information on how you use our website and app or you interact with us.We collect some of your personal data directly from you, for example when you book a flight with us, use our website or our app, use our services or contact us. We may also receive your personal data from our suppliers who provide services to you on our behalf (for example when you provide feedback on our services), our partners when you purchase their travel related products or third parties who act on your behalf, for example travel agents, tour operators or other parties through which you may book a flight.For more information on the parties that may exchange some of your personal data with us,  please see section 7 below.
If you supply goods or services to easyJet, most parts of this Policy will not be relevant to you; we will only collect and use your business contact information for the purposes of our cooperation and we will retain such information for as long as this is necessary for our legitimate business purposes.  

Categories of data we collect

We will only collect your personal data when we need to. Depending on the purposes for which we need to use your personal data, we may collect and process the following categories of information about you: 

Your name and surname and your contact details
            (email address, telephone number and postal address)
            
            
            When you create an account on our website
            When you book a flight 
            When you purchase our easyJet Plus membership
            When you take part in our competitions or
            When you purchase our partners' travel products available through our website
        
        
            Information about your bookings and your travel itinerary, if you require special assistance or if you have specific dietary requirements. This information may include any changes to your bookings and travel products that relate to your booking (for example if you purchase allocated seats or additional luggage or if you purchase travel insurance, rent a car or book a hotel along with your flight booking)
            When you book or manage your flight
            
        
        
            Information about your health, if you have a medical condition that may affect your flight 
            (please see section “Special categories of personal data” below for more information)
            When you provide us with this information before or during your flight
            
        
        
            Information about other passengers in your booking, and the age range of any children traveling with you.
            
            When you make a booking on behalf of other passengers
            
        
        
            Information about your transaction, including your payment card details
            
            When you purchase easyJet products or services
Advance Passenger Information ("API"). This information includes your full name, your nationality, your date of birth, your gender (where required) - the number and type of your travel document (e.g. passport or ID), its expiry date and country of issue
            
            When you check in for specific travel routes
            
        
        
            Information related to your flights and our services in connection with your flights (e.g. auto-bag drop service, declaring lost luggage) 
            
            When you take an easyJet flight
            When you use our services at the airport
            
        
        
            Information about your purchases of our partners’ travel related products and services 
            
            When you purchase such products or services which are available through our website
            
        
        
            Information about the purchase of products available on board
            
            When you pre-order these products or purchase them on board
            
        
        
            The communications you exchange with us (for example, your emails, letters, calls, or your messages on our online chat service)
            
            When you contact easyJet or when we contact you
            
        
        
            Your posts and messages on social media directed to easyJet 
            
            When you interact with us on social media 
            
        
        
            Your feedback

            
            When you reply to our requests for feedback or participate in our customer surveys
            
        
        
            Your preferred departure locations
            
            When you choose to provide this information when creating an account or through managing your preferences
            
        
        
            Information about how you use our website or our mobile app, such as your searches for flights
            
            When you use our website or when you use our mobile app
            
        
        
            Information about your computer or mobile device such as the operating system, type of browser or device, the Internet Protocol (IP) address assigned to your device
            When you use our website or when you use our mobile app
        
        
            Information that relates to your easyJet memberships (for example if you are an easyJet Plus member or a Flight Club member)
            
            When you obtain, renew or cancel your easyJet memberships
            
        
        
             Information about your bank account and receipts for expenses you have incurred
            When you request compensation or the refund of expenses in the event of flight disruption
        
    


If at any point we need to collect types of data that are not included in the above list, we will make sure that we provide you in advance with all necessary information relating to this specific collection and use of your data.

Special categories of personal data 

In the course of providing services to you, we may collect some information revealing your racial or ethnic origin, physical or mental health or religious beliefs. These types of information are considered “special categories of personal data” under the GDPR and other data protection laws. We only collect this information where you have given your explicit consent, it is necessary to protect your vital interests or those of other people, like our other passengers or crew, or where you have deliberately made it public. We may also collect information in relation to criminal convictions and offences when this is necessary to ensure the safety of our customers, for example if there is an offence committed during a flight.

For example, we may collect the above information in the following circumstances:

If you supply goods or services to easyJet, most parts of this Policy will not be relevant to you; we will only collect and use your business contact information for the purposes of our cooperation and we will retain such information for as long as this is necessary for our legitimate business purposes.We will only collect your personal data when we need to. Depending on the purposes for which we need to use your personal data, we may collect and process the following categories of information about you:If at any point we need to collect types of data that are not included in the above list, we will make sure that we provide you in advance with all necessary information relating to this specific collection and use of your data.In the course of providing services to you, we may collect some information revealing your racial or ethnic origin, physical or mental health or religious beliefs. These types of information are considered “special categories of personal data” under the GDPR and other data protection laws. We only collect this information where you have given your explicit consent, it is necessary to protect your vital interests or those of other people, like our other passengers or crew, or where you have deliberately made it public. We may also collect information in relation to criminal convictions and offences when this is necessary to ensure the safety of our customers, for example if there is an offence committed during a flight.For example, we may collect the above information in the following circumstances:
For your safety, when you have a specific medical condition, you will need to inform us of that and –where required – provide us with a medical certificate. To find out more on medical information you need to disclose to us, please review our medical policy.
If you request special assistance before or during a flight, this could reveal information about your health (for example if you ask for a wheelchair). Please note that in this case, we will need to provide this information to the staff of the airports to and from which you will be flying or those airports’ service providers, so that they can assist you during your trip.

When you provide us with information that could be considered a special category of personal data, we will use it only as explained in this Privacy Policy to ensure your safety and provide you with the services you have requested .

If you do not allow us to process any special category of personal data, this may mean we are unable to provide all or parts of the services you have requested from us. Please be aware that in such circumstances you will not be entitled to cancel or obtain a refund of any price you have paid.  

If you request special assistance before or during a flight, this could reveal information about your health (for example if you ask for a wheelchair). Please note that in this case, we will need to provide this information to the staff of the airports to and from which you will be flying or those airports’ service providers, so that they can assist you during your trip.When you provide us with information that could be considered a special category of personal data, we will use it only as explained in this Privacy Policy to ensure your safety and provide you with the services you have requested .If you do not allow us to process any special category of personal data, this may mean we are unable to provide all or parts of the services you have requested from us. Please be aware that in such circumstances you will not be entitled to cancel or obtain a refund of any price you have paid.

3. How and why we use your personal data
The data protection laws allow us to use your personal data only if we have a lawful basis to do so. Most of the times, we will use your personal data to perform our contract with you, i.e. to get you to your destination, and to fulfil our legitimate interests or those of other parties, when these interests are not overridden by your rights (for example, to manage our relationship with you as our customer).

In some instances, we may rely on your consent in order to use some of your personal data, for example when you choose to save your API details on your account for future use or, where necessary, we will seek your explicit consent, for example when you provide us with information that may relate to your health. 

In other cases, we are obliged by law to collect and use some of your data, for example to transfer your API details to border control authorities. 

We use your personal data for the following purposes:

To manage your travel bookings and provide our services to you
    When you make a booking, we will create an account through which you can complete and manage your booking. We may also do so when you make a booking through another party or by using another website. If you no longer wish to use your account, you can deactivate it, but if you decide to make a booking again, you will need to create a new account with us. 

    When you are flying with us, we use your information to perform our services in relation to your flight, for example to issue your flight tickets, check you in for your flight, issue your boarding pass, accept you on board and take you safely to your destination. We also use it to change your flight bookings if you request such changes. 

    In addition, we use your information when you are using our airport services, such as when you check in at our desks at the airport or use our auto bag drop service.  

To communicate with you and manage our relationship with you

Operational communications 
        Occasionally we may need to contact you by email and/or SMS for administrative or operational reasons, for example in order to send you confirmation of your bookings and your payments, to inform you about your travel itinerary, to notify you when check in is available or to advise you of disruption and changes to your flights. If you are using our mobile app, you may receive app notifications for these purposes. We may also use your contact details to get in touch in relation to an emergency or a safety event. 

        Please be aware that these communications are not made for marketing purposes and as such, you will continue to receive them even if you choose to not receive marketing communications.

Enquiries 
        When you send us a request, fill in a web-form on our website or interact with us on social media, we will use your personal data to reply to you and fulfil your requests, administer your claims and resolve any complaints you may have. 

        In order to make our communication with you more efficient and quickly provide you with answers to your queries, we may also use a chatbot to handle your requests or automated phone messages that will help you easily get the answers you need without waiting on the line. If you still have queries and you prefer to speak to one of our agents, you can always contact our Customer Service team. When you contact us by phone, please note that your calls may be recorded for training and quality control purposes, including for monitoring the services we provide to you. 

Compensation claims 
        When you make a compensation claim in case of disruption of your easyJet flight, we will approve or reject your claim based on the reason that caused the flight disruption, in accordance with the relevant laws. We have implemented new technology in order to automatically identify the reason of a flight disruption and ensure that the claims relating to a flight that fulfils the necessary legal requirements are approved, without the need of our staff to individually assess each claim. If you believe that your claim has been rejected on the basis of a reason that does not apply to your flight, you can contact our Customer Services team and they will be able to confirm the reason of the flight disruption. 
         
Feedback
        Your opinion is very important to us, so we may send you an email or SMS to seek your feedback.

        We will use the communications you exchange with us and the feedback you may provide in order to manage our relationship with you as our customer and to improve our services and experiences for customers.  

To personalise and improve your customer experience
            We may use your personal data in order to tailor our services to your needs and preferences and to provide you with a personalised customer experience. For example, your flight history helps us understand what you like and ensure that you have access to the offers and the products that you find interesting. Also, if you inform us about your preferred departure airports we will be able to send you offers for flights that are relevant to your location. 

            We may also collect information on how you use our website, which flights you search for and what products you buy, in order to understand what you like. We may use this information to tailor the content and offers that you see on our website or the content of our easyJet online advertisements and, if you have agreed to receiving direct marketing communications, to send you relevant messages and inform you of offers that we think you like.  

            If you are in the process of making a booking under your account and you leave our website before your order has been placed, we may contact you in order to help you easily complete your booking.    

To inform you about our news and offers that you may like
Our products 
                We may send you marketing communications for our flights and travel products, if you have indicated that you are happy to receive these, for example when you create an account on our website or make a booking with us and you do not express a wish to not receive such communications. 
                If you are happy to receive marketing communications, we will provide you with news from us such as new routes that you may be interested in or offers that you may like. 

Our partners’ products
                In addition, we will send you communications promoting our partner’s products and services that may relate to your travel arrangements, if you have indicated that you are happy to receive these. 
                Please note that we will never share your contact details and other personal data with these partners or other companies for marketing purposes. Our communications may relate to the following:  

Product / service
Partner (including group companies)
                            
                        
                        
                            Car rental
                            
                            Europcar International S.A.S.U.
                            
                        
                        
                            Hotel booking
                            
                            Booking.com BV
                            
                        
                        
                            Travel insurance
                            
                            Collinson Insurance Services Ltd and Zurich Insurance plc
                            
                        
                        
                            Airport transfers
                            
                            Holiday Taxis Group Limited (“Holiday Taxis”) 
                            Govia Thameslink Railway Limited (“Gatwick Express”) 
                            National Express Group PLC (“National Express”)
                            Abellio East Anglia Limited (“Stansted Express”) 
                            Arriva The Shires Limited (“Greenline”)
                        
                        
                            Airport parking
                            
                            ABC Holiday Extras Limited 
                            ParkCloud Limited 
                            Società per Azioni Esercizi Aeroportuali
                        
                        
                            Airport Lounge  services
                            
                            Signature Flight Support UK Regions Ltd
                            
                        
                        
                            Travel activities 
                            
                            GetYourGuide Deutschland GmbH
                            
                        
                        
                            Housesitting while travelling
                            
                            TrustedHouseSitters Limited
                            
                        
                        
                            easyJet Euro currency Card
                            
                            R. Raphael & Sons plc, Payment card technologies (Retail) Limited


                We will update the above list with any changes to the products and services available through our website. 
How we get in touch
                For the purposes of providing you with marketing material about our or our partners’ products, we will mainly contact you via email or send you notifications on our app. We constantly try to improve your customer experience and ensure that you find out about our offers when these are more relevant and useful to you. As such, in the future, we may also use other ways to let you know about news and offers, for example on your easyJet online account, through social media or when you take your easyJet flight or you contact us. 

How you can opt out 
We value your privacy and we will always respect your choice to not receive marketing communications. If you do not want to hear from us about our or our partners’ products and services, you can simply tell us so by choosing the relevant option before confirming your booking. You can also choose to opt out from receiving marketing communications at any time, by clicking on the relevant unsubscribe link at the bottom of the marketing related communications you may receive from us.
                
                 
                If you prefer, you can also call our Customer Service team and express your preference to not receive marketing communications (contact numbers are available here).


To improve our services, fulfil our administrative purposes and protect our business interests 
                We will also use your information to fulfil our legitimate business interests. These interests include improving our services and offering you better customer experience, using information for accounting, billing and audit purposes, credit or other payment card verification, fraud screening, safety, security and legal purposes, statistical and marketing analysis, systems testing and maintenance.

                We will use personal information for the above business purposes only where we consider it necessary and we will try where possible to use information that does not allow the identification of our customers, for example we will mainly use aggregate data for analysis purposes. 

                When we need to use information that can potentially allow the identification of our customers, we will use as little information as possible and we will do that in a way so as to respect our customers’ rights and freedoms. 

To comply with our legal obligations, for example, our obligation to provide information to border control agencies when operating on specific flight routes.


4. Your data protection rights
                The GDPR and other data protection laws give you specific rights that help you be in control of your personal data and we want to make it easy for you to exercise these rights. Below you will find more information about your rights and how we work to fulfill these. You can exercise any of your rights in relation to the data that easyJet holds about you, by completing the form which is available at the end of this section.

Data access 
                You are entitled to know whether we hold your personal data and if so, receive a copy of your data. You can use the form at the end of this section to request a copy of your personal data. 

                In order for us to be able to process your request, you will need to provide us with the required information below:

Your full name.
A description of the data you would like to access including a date range (e.g. your flight history for the past 12 months). An accurate description of your request will save you time and effort and will allow us to focus our searches on what you need and quickly reply to you.
All email addresses you have used to book easyJet flights or communicate with us, even if you no longer use these. 
Other information that may help us locate your data (e.g. your booking references). 

                For the protection of your information, we will also need to verify your identity, so make sure you upload in the form a copy of your current and valid photo ID (e.g. passport page).

                If you submit a request on behalf of another person, we will need to ensure that this person has authorised you to make this request and receive their data. To make it easier for you, we have included in our form a simple consent form to ensure that you have the right to submit your request. 

The GDPR and other data protection laws give you specific rights that help you be in control of your personal data and we want to make it easy for you to exercise these rights. Below you will find more information about your rights and how we work to fulfill these. You can exercise any of your rights in relation to the data that easyJet holds about you, by completing the form which is available at the end of this section.You are entitled to know whether we hold your personal data and if so, receive a copy of your data. You can use the form at the end of this section to request a copy of your personal data.In order for us to be able to process your request, you will need to provide us with the required information below:For the protection of your information, we will also need to verify your identity, so make sure you upload in the form a copy of your current and valid photo ID (e.g. passport page).If you submit a request on behalf of another person, we will need to ensure that this person has authorised you to make this request and receive their data. To make it easier for you, we have included in our form a simple consent form to ensure that you have the right to submit your request.
                Please note that our Data Protection team does not deal with requests for invoices. In order to quickly and easily receive invoices of your bookings, please use the Contact us form.
Data portability
                You have the right to receive some of your data in a portable and reusable format. At easyJet, we are happy to provide you with a portable copy of your flight history; other than that, we do not really hold data that would be covered by the right to data portability. 

                This is an example of the information you will receive if you send us a data portability request:

Booking reference
                            
                             Date
Flight No.

Origin
Destination
Currency
Price 
Seat No.
                        
                        
                            FG123H
                            
                             23/12/2016
                             EZY123
                            LTN 
                            LIS
                             GBP
                             25.99
                             9B
                        
                    
                
                You have the right to receive some of your data in a portable and reusable format. At easyJet, we are happy to provide you with a portable copy of your flight history; other than that, we do not really hold data that would be covered by the right to data portability.This is an example of the information you will receive if you send us a data portability request:We are very interested to know the reasons you want to obtain your data in a portable format and how you are planning to use it, so we welcome all comments in this respect. This is a new data right and we’re keen to understand how we can provide portable data that’s really useful. Please note that providing this information is not mandatory and it will not affect the way we will process your request but it will help our future planning.

Data rectification 
                If you believe that we hold incorrect or incomplete information about you, please let us know and we will correct it. Most of the times, you will be able to correct and update your information through your easyJet online account. If this not possible, you can use the form below to notify us. 
                 
                Please note that any requests for changes in your active bookings, for example changes of passenger names or of travel document details, will be processed by Customer Services, so contacting our Customer Service team directly will save you time.   

Data deletion 
                We will retain your information for the period required to fulfil the purposes set out in this Policy and when there is a legal obligation to do so.  

Data restriction 
                In certain circumstances, you may ask that we continue to store your data but not use it. For example, if you consider that we hold information relating to you that you may need for legal purposes, you can request from us to not delete this information. 

Objection 
                You have the right to object to the use of your data for direct marketing purposes at any time. Please see section 3 above for more details on how you can unsubscribe from marketing. 

                Also, you may consider that you have reasons to object to the use of your data when such use is based on our legitimate interests as explained in this Policy. Before using your data for our business interests we have balanced these interests against your rights and freedoms; however, if you consider that you have grounds to object to the use of your data, you can explain to us your particular situation and we will individually review your request. 

Withdrawing consent 
                As explained in section 3 above, we may use your personal data for various purposes and in most cases this is not your consent. When we rely on your consent to process your personal data (for example when you save details in your account for future use), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. We will respect your choice and stop further processing your data; however, any use of your data before you withdraw consent will not be affected. 
                  
Data related concerns 
                In our Customer Charter we promise to make it easy and be open and upfront with you – this also applies to how we use your personal data. We always aim to be clear and transparent with our customers but we understand that sometimes this can be complicated. If you have a concern in relation to how we use your personal data and satisfy your rights, please let us know; we will reply to your queries and if necessary take steps to ensure our practices are consistent with our promise and our obligations. If you are still not satisfied with the way we use your personal data and you believe this is not in accordance with data protection laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority. In the UK, the relevant supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can contact the ICO via their web-form at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or call the ICO helpline on +44 (0)303 123 1113.
You can easily exercise your above rights by completing our form:


After you submit the form, you will receive a confirmation receipt. If we need more information from you to process your request, we will contact you to let you know. If you have provided all the required information, we will process your request as soon as possible within one month.  
5. Protecting your personal data
We are committed to protecting the personal data we hold by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against unauthorised, unlawful or accidental access, loss, destruction or damage of such personal data. We are constantly taking steps to improve in the field of Information Security as the sector itself is constantly changing as well. 
How you can protect your data

                You can follow some simple steps to keep your information secure. When you create your easyJet account, choose a strong password that is unique to this account and do not share your password with other people. If you use the same password across your different accounts, you increase the risk of your data being compromised if your password is accidentally or unlawfully accessed by another person. If you suspect that someone else has got access to your password, make sure that you change it immediately. 

You can follow some simple steps to keep your information secure. When you create your easyJet account, choose a strong password that is unique to this account and do not share your password with other people. If you use the same password across your different accounts, you increase the risk of your data being compromised if your password is accidentally or unlawfully accessed by another person. If you suspect that someone else has got access to your password, make sure that you change it immediately.If you receive an email that looks suspicious, e.g. it refers to a booking that you are not aware of, or you have doubts as to whether an email was actually sent by easyJet, please report it to us. You can use the form in section 4 above. Please note that we will never ask for your payment card details via email. Also, if you receive communications about free easyJet flights, you may reasonably suspect that these are fraudulent; we always try for our flights to be affordable, however, it’s most likely that we will not be able to offer them for free. 
                When we promote our offers, we do so by using the same email account through which we send you all our marketing communications and we will not ask for your personal information in these emails. Also, be aware that we promote our offers or any competitions that we may organise on social media only through our official page. If you have doubts whether a post, notification or communication you receive is authentic, you can easily verify whether the same information appears on our official website. If this is not the case, please let us know so that we can investigate and take necessary action. 
                

When we promote our offers, we do so by using the same email account through which we send you all our marketing communications and we will not ask for your personal information in these emails. Also, be aware that we promote our offers or any competitions that we may organise on social media only through our official page. If you have doubts whether a post, notification or communication you receive is authentic, you can easily verify whether the same information appears on our official website. If this is not the case, please let us know so that we can investigate and take necessary action.How we protect your data
                When you provide your personal data through our website or our mobile app, this information is transmitted across the internet securely using industry standard encryption. 

                Furthermore, easyJet is a PCI DSS compliant organisation. This means that we adhere to high security standards in order to protect your payment card details when you are sending us this information. 

                The information that you provide to us will be held in our systems, which are located on our premises or those of our appointed suppliers. 

                As described in this Privacy Policy, we may in some instances disclose or allow access to your information by third parties who act for us for the purposes described in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Where these third parties process your personal data on our behalf, we require that they have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect this data. 

                Your personal data may be accessed by and processed outside the European Economic Area (the European Economic Area being the European Union and Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, also referred to as the “EEA”) - including by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for our suppliers or agents (this includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your booking, for example our ground handling agents who assist you at the airport, and the provision of support services). Where your personal data are transferred outside of the EEA, we require that one of the following appropriate safeguards is in place, in accordance with data protection laws: 
                
there is a decision by the European Commission that the country to which our customers’ data is transferred provides an adequate level of data protection;
in absence of such decision, the contracts that we have in place with these suppliers include EU approved model clauses in relation to the protection of our customers’ data;
when our suppliers access customer information from the US, we aim to ensure that they participate to the EU-US Privacy Shield framework, a self-certification mechanism that provides safeguards in relation to data transfers to US companies.

                We also provide links to third party websites through our website. These are subject to separate Privacy Policies and are not controlled by easyJet. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites and easyJet is not responsible for your information that third parties may collect through these websites. 

                Also, in some instances we may be compelled by law to disclose our customers’ personal data to a third party, such as airports and border control agencies, and we have limited control over how data is protected by that party.

6. Why we use cookies
                In order to improve our services, to provide you with more relevant content and to analyse how visitors use our website and app, we may use technologies, such as cookies, pixels or tracking software. Please be aware that in most cases we will not be able to identify you from the information we collect using these technologies.
                

We also provide links to third party websites through our website. These are subject to separate Privacy Policies and are not controlled by easyJet. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites and easyJet is not responsible for your information that third parties may collect through these websites.Also, in some instances we may be compelled by law to disclose our customers’ personal data to a third party, such as airports and border control agencies, and we have limited control over how data is protected by that party.In order to improve our services, to provide you with more relevant content and to analyse how visitors use our website and app, we may use technologies, such as cookies, pixels or tracking software. Please be aware that in most cases we will not be able to identify you from the information we collect using these technologies.For example, we use software to monitor customer traffic patterns and website usage to help us develop the design and layout of the website in order to enhance the experience of the visitors to our website. This software doesn’t let us collect any personal data. In addition, in order to understand how our customers interact with the emails and the content that we send, we use pixels that allow us to know if the emails we send are opened or if the content of our emails is displayed in text or html form.
We also use cookies in our website, mobile app or in our emails. Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. They enable you to navigate on our website or app and allow us to provide features such as remembering aspects of your last flight search to make subsequent searches faster. You can delete cookies if you wish; while certain cookies are necessary for viewing and navigating on our website or app, most of the features will be still accessible without cookies.
For more information on how we use cookies and how you can remove them, read our Cookie Policy.

7. Sharing personal data
Your personal data may be shared with other companies within our Group. It may also be disclosed to a third party who acquires us, a member of our Group or substantially all of our assets.
We may also share some of your personal data with, or obtain your personal data from, the following categories of third parties:

Airports, government authorities, law enforcement bodies and regulators when this is necessary to get you to your destination or is required by law.
                    For example, for specific travel routes we are required by law to provide border control agencies with information that relates to your travel documents and to your travel itinerary. This information is known as API (Advance Passenger Information). See our help page for more details about travel documents and API.


Travel agents or other companies through which you book your easyJet flights


Suppliers providing services to us in order to help us run our business and improve our services and your customer experience. We may for example share your personal data with the companies who provide ground services for us to the airports to which we operate. We may also disclose your information to our contact centre, the companies who help us get your feedback on our services or the company that provides IT support to us.

                    At easyJet, we select very carefully our suppliers who process your personal data on our behalf and require that they comply with high security standards for the protection of your personal data. 


Credit and debit card companies 
                    easyJet shares some of your personal data, which includes information about your method of payment, flight booking and in some cases passenger names, to the credit or debit card company that issued the card you used to  make your booking. In order to ensure the security of your transactions and prevent or detect fraudulent transactions, we will usually also share your information with our fraud screening partner.


Our partners who offer travel related products and services through our website, promote offers or co-organise competitions on our website
                    From time to time, we make certain third party offers available through our website or we may publish competitions co-organised by third parties. If you choose to purchase products or services offered through our website by third parties, accept offers or participate in a competition, some of your personal data, such as your contact details and your billing information, may be directly collected by or disclosed to that third party. 

                    Below you will see a list of the parties that offer their products or services through our website and as such your information may be collected by or transferred to them when you purchase their products or services. Please note that this list is not exhaustive and is subject to change: 

Hotelopia S.L.U. a legally constituted Spanish company, which operates as a wholesale-retail travel agency. Hotelopia, S.L.U. is based in Palma de Mallorca 07006 (Spain), C/ Calle Padre Ventura 19, with licence number BAL-481 M/D, tax identification code B-57218356 and registered in the Mercantile Register of Mallorca (page PM-44857, volume 2007, folio 148). 
Europcar International S.A.S.U., a company registered in France under number 542065305 and whose registered office is at 3 Avenue du Centre, 78881 Saint Quentin en Yvelines, France.
Collinson Insurance Services Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with registered number 00758979 whose registered office is at Cutlers Exchange, 123 Houndsditch, London, EC3A 7BU and Zurich Insurance plc, a public limited company incorporated in Ireland (registration no. 13460) with its registered branch in the UK, (UK establishment number BR7985), located at The Zurich Centre, 3000 Parkway, Whiteley, Fareham, Hampshire, PO15 7JZ.
Booking.com B.V., a company registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under registration number 31047344, with VAT registration number NL805734958B01.
Our following partners that offer transport from and to the airport: Holiday Taxis Group Limited, a company registered in England under number 04391036, whose registered office is at Suite B 2nd Floor Moore House, 13 Black Lion Street, Brighton, East Sussex, BN1 1ND; easyBus Limited, a company registered in England under number 04671315, whose register office is at 10 Ansdell Street, Kensington, London, United Kingdom, W8 5BN; Govia Thameslink Railway Limited (“Gatwick Express”), a company registered in England and Wales under company number 07934306, with registered office at 3rd Floor, 41-51 Grey Street Newcastle Upon Tyne, NE1 6EE; National Express Group PLC ("National Express"), a company registered in England and Wales under company number 2590560, whose registered office is at National Express House, Birmingham Coach Station, Mill Lane, Digbeth, Birmingham, B5 6DD; Abellio East Anglia Limited (“Stansted Express”), a company registered in England under number 07861414, whose registered office is at 2nd Floor St Andrew's House, 18-20 St Andrew Street, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 3AG; Arriva The Shires Limited (“Greenline”), a company registered in England under number 02116519, whose registered office is at 1 Admiral Way, Doxford International Business, Park, Sunderland, Tyne & Wear, SR3 3XP.
Our partners that offer parking at the airport: ABC Holiday Extras Limited, a company registered in England under number 02936446whose registered office is at Ashford Road, Newingreen, Hythe, Kent, CT21 4JF; Parkcloud Limited, a company registered in England under number 06557569, whose registered office is at Peter House, Oxford Street, Manchester, England, M1 5AN; Società Esercizi Aeroportuali S.p.A., a company registered in Italy, Milan under number 00826040156, whose registered office is at Aeroporto Milano Linate - 20090 Segrate (Mi)C. Fis. 
Signature Flight Support UK Regions Ltd, a company registered in Scotland under number SC169996 whose registered office is at 4th Floor 115 George Street, Edinburgh, EH2 4JN.
GetYourGuide Deutschland GmbH, a company registered in Germany under number HRB 132059 B Amtsgericht Charlottenburg, whose registered office is at Erich-Weinert-Straße 145C 10409 Berlin, Germany. 
TrustedHouseSitters Limited, a company registered in England under number 07227301 whose registered office is at 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, N1 7GU.
When you acquire the easyJet Euro currency card, your information will be transferred to R. Raphael & Sons plc, a company registered in England under number 01288938, whose registered office is at 19-21 Shaftesbury Avenue, London, W1D 7ED and Payment card technologies (Retail) Limited, a company registered in England under number 06691616 whose registered office is at Fifth Floor, 48-54 Moorgate, London, EC2R 6EJ.
Accordingly, when you purchase products available on board, your information will be transferred to our partner offering these products: gategroup Holding AG, a company registered in Switzerland under registration number 1299932, and whose registered office is at Sägereistrasse 20, Glattbrugg, Zurich,  8152, Switzerland Balz-Zimmermanstrasse 7, 8302, Kloten, Switzerland, and/or its affiliate companies.
If you book the Fear of Flying course, part of your data will be transferred to FOF Events Limited, a company registered in England under registration number 06872193 and whose registered office is at 19 Diamond Court, Opal Drive, Fox Milne, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, MK15 0DH, United Kingdom.
When you book connected flights through the “Worldwide by easyJet” service, your personal data will be shared with our partner airlines you will chose to fly with and Gatwick Airport through the GatwickConnects service.

                        Our partners have their own privacy policies and terms of use over which easyJet does not have control. Whilst easyJet carefully selects these partners, it has no responsibility or liability for their privacy policies, terms of use or the way they process your personal data. Please make sure that you review the relevant privacy policies and terms of use of these partners prior to purchasing their goods or services, using their websites, apps or services or providing any personal data to them.





Authorities, including the Civil Aviation Authority
In some circumstances, we may also be required to disclose part of your personal data to the UK Civil Aviation Authority (“CAA”) or other national CAAs, for the purposes of ensuring compliance with and the enforcement of ATOL regulations or for other regulatory purposes. 
                       
                    In addition to the categories of parties listed above, we may disclose your personal data when this is required by the law of any jurisdiction to which easyJet may be subject. 

8. Updates to our Privacy Policy


9. Contact information
 Our Privacy Policy is a dynamic tool and we will modify it when there is a change to the way we process your data. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, to ensure that the information we provide to you is up to date and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. Any new version of this Policy will be published on our website.Questions, comments and feedback regarding this Privacy Policy, are welcomed and should be addressed to our Group Data Protection Officer through the form available in section 4 above or in writing to the following address:

                easyJet Group Data Protection Officer
                Hangar 89
                London Luton Airport 
                Luton, Bedfordshire 
                LU2 9PF
                United Kingdom.

When you provide your personal data through our website or our mobile app, this information is transmitted across the internet securely using industry standard encryption.Furthermore, easyJet is a PCI DSS compliant organisation. This means that we adhere to high security standards in order to protect your payment card details when you are sending us this information.The information that you provide to us will be held in our systems, which are located on our premises or those of our appointed suppliers.As described in this Privacy Policy, we may in some instances disclose or allow access to your information by third parties who act for us for the purposes described in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Where these third parties process your personal data on our behalf, we require that they have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect this data.Your personal data may be accessed by and processed outside the European Economic Area (the European Economic Area being the European Union and Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, also referred to as the “EEA”) - including by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for our suppliers or agents (this includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your booking, for example our ground handling agents who assist you at the airport, and the provision of support services). Where your personal data are transferred outside of the EEA, we require that one of the following appropriate safeguards is in place, in accordance with data protection laws: