
Your California Privacy Rights

		 

		California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.  We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

		 

Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms.  Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites and other online services with which a user communicates.  There is no industry standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals.  Sherwin-Williams currently does not take action in response to these signals.  If and when a standard is established and accepted, Sherwin-Williams may revisit its policy on responding to these signals.

		 

Residents of Australia

			 

			Australian residents are hereby notified that you have the option to deal anonymously or by pseudonym if you contact us by telephone and you merely seek information about our Services but you do not wish to enter into any further discussions with us. However, if you wish to deal with us in this way, you will not be able to engage with us in respect of our services. If you wish to engage with us in respect of our services, you may be required to provide us with your personal information.

			 
If we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems concerning our privacy practices, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our privacy policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please contact us at our Global Privacy Portal . If you are not satisfied with our handling of your problem or complaint you may make a complaint to the Australian Information Commissioner – for further details please visit http://www.oaic.gov.au/ 
		 

		 

Residents of Canada

		 
Canadian residents are hereby notified that Sherwin-Williams and its service providers may process and store your personal information outside of Canada, including in the United States, and such data may be subject to disclosure to authorized law enforcement, local courts, and national security authorities pursuant to applicable local laws and legal process. You may contact Sherwin-Williams   with questions about our privacy practices, including to receive information regarding our policies and procedures with respect to service providers outside of your jurisdiction.
		 

		You are further notified that if you refuse to consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you request.  Subject to legal and contractual restrictions, you may withdraw your consent to our further collection, use or disclosure of your personal information at any time by giving us reasonable notice.  You may not be permitted to withdraw your consent to certain necessary collections, uses and disclosures of your information (such as maintaining reasonable business and transaction records).

		 
We may establish and maintain a file of your personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, which will be accessible at our Global Privacy Portal . Our authorized employees, agents and mandataries will have access to your information as required to fulfill their obligations to us.
		 

Residents of Italy

		 

		The information in this Privacy Policy is being provided pursuant to Section 13 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003.

		 

		Data subjects are entitled at any time to obtain confirmation of the existence of personal data concerning them and be informed of their contents and origin, verify their accuracy, or else request that such data be supplemented, updated or rectified pursuant to Section 7 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003.  The foregoing also provides for the right to request erasure, anonymisation or blocking of any data that is processed in breach of the law as well as to object in all cases, on legitimate grounds, to processing of the data.

		 

Residents of Germany

		 
Our services may use web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, which are provided by Google, Inc. and other third party providers. These services use " cookies " to help analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by these providers, including outside the EU in third countries such as the United States which might not have data protection and other laws that are as comprehensive as those in your country.
		 
If your IP address is not truncated through IP-anonymization, then the full IP address may be transferred to third party providers’ non-EU servers. These providers may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. You may refuse the use of cookies as described elsewhere in this policy, and some providers offer you the ability to prevent the collection and processing of data generated by cookies and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing a Browser-Plugin 
		 

Residents of Malaysia

		 

		If you are a resident of Malaysia, you may contact Sherwin-Williams’ Data Protection Officer at the following:

			The Sherwin-Williams Company

			Enterprise Risk Management

			101 W. Prospect Ave.

			Cleveland, OH 44115

			Phone: +1 216 515 5463

			Fax:     +1 216 774 1865

		 

Residents of Mexico

		 

		If you are a resident of Mexico, in addition to your rights of access and rectification, you also may have the right to cancel or oppose the collection and processing of your personal information and to limit the scope of processing in accordance with local law.

		 

Residents of Singapore

		 
If you are a resident of Singapore, you may contact Sherwin-Williams’ Data Protection Officer at Global Privacy Portal 
		 

		 

Residents of Sweden

		 

		If you are a Swedish resident, you may contact Sherwin-Williams for information about our privacy practices at +1 216 515 5463.
