1. DEFINITIONS
 1.1 “Minor” shall be construed as a child below the age of 13.
 
 1.2 “Personal Data” shall be construed as any information relating
 to an identified or identifiable natural person.
 
 1.3 “Sensitive Personal Data” shall be construed as Personal Data
 that is related to a natural persons racial or ethnic background;
 political, religious, philosophical beliefs; association with a labor
 union; health or sexual preferences; records regarding criminal offences;
 substantial social problems and other strictly private information.
 
 1.4 “SteelSeries”/”We" shall be construed as SteelSeries ApS and
 its affiliates.
 
 1.5 “Website” shall be construed as SteelSeries’ website,
 https://steelseries.com.
 2. INTRODUCTION
 This Privacy Policy concerns the processing of Personal Data and the use of
 cookies related to the use of the Website.
 
 We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding an announcement on the SteelSeries website or by sending you an email notification. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you use the Website to stay informed about how we treat Personal Information and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
 
 If you feel that we are not abiding by this Privacy Policy, you should contact us immediately via email at privacy@steelseries.com or via letter to below address:
 
 SteelSeries ApS
 Dirch Passers Allé 27, 5th floor
 DK-2000 Frederiksberg, Denmark
 3. PERSONAL DATA
 3.1 Collection of Personal Data
 While using the Website it is possible for a user to submit Personal Data
 to SteelSeries.
 
 SteelSeries will only collect Personal Data on the basis of a user’s active
 submission of Personal Data through the Website; that is, all Personal Data
 that SteelSeries collects from users on the Website is submitted with the
 users’ positive knowledge of the submission.
 
 SteelSeries informs users of the Website that We will never ask you to
 submit Sensitive Personal Data when using the Website.
 
 SteelSeries recognizes that Minors deserve special protection against
 information society services and the possible risks that a Minor’s
 interaction with these services poses for a Minor, hereunder the Minor’s
 submission of Personal Data when using an information society service. On
 this basis, SteelSeries will not consciously ask Minors to submit Personal
 Data. Furthermore, if SteelSeries becomes aware of any Personal Data
 related to a Minor having been submitted to SteelSeries through the
 Website, SteelSeries will take steps to ensure the complete deletion of
 this Personal Data.
 
 3.2 Use of Personal Data
 SteelSeries solely uses Personal Data for purposes that are compatible with
 the users’ active submission of Personal Data. As such, SteelSeries will
 use the Personal Data collected to facilitate communication with users of
 the Website and give users a better experience when using the Website.
 
 Situations where Personal Data is used:
 When your place an order: Name, Email, Address, Billing detailsWhen you register: Email, Username, PasswordWhen you communicate with our Support teams: Name, Email, order ID
 SteelSeries will only transfer Personal Data collected from users of the
 Website to third-parties when necessary and a user has given his consent to
 such transfer, a user has requested for such transfer (for example in the
 form of a request to process an order), if required by law or if required
 in order to protect legal or other vital interests.
 
 SteelSeries will only retain your Personal Data for as long as you have a profile on the Website, un-less the further retention of your Personal Data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, for compliance with a legal obligation which we are subject, or for the purposes of a legitimate interests pursued by us. 
 
 3.3 Your rights concerning the processing of your Personal Data
 You have a number of rights in relation to the Personal Data that we hold about you and you can ex-ercise your rights by contacting us using the details set out below.
 
 These rights include:
 Obtaining information regarding the processing of your Personal Data and access to the Per-sonal Data which we hold about you. Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are entitled to refuse requests for access to copies of Personal Data, for the sake of another person’s right to privacy.Requesting that we correct your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.Requesting that we erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances. Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your Personal Data, but we are legally entitled to retain it. A user can actively delete Personal Data that is connected to his or her user profile by deleting this profile on the Website.Objecting to, and requesting that we restrict, our processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances. Again, there may be circumstances where you object to, or ask us to restrict, our processing of your Personal Data but we are legally entitled to refuse that request.In some circumstances, receiving some Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or requesting that we transmit those information to a third party where this is technically feasible. Please note that this right only applies to Personal Data which you have provided to us.Withdrawing your consent, although in certain circumstances it may be lawful for us to continue processing without your consent if we have another legitimate reason (other than consent) for doing so.Lodging a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency’s website www.datatilsynet.dk, if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us.4. COOKIES
 4.1 Consent
 SteelSeries uses cookies on this Website. Whenever you visit and interact with our Website, you accept that we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested.
 
 4.2 Placement and use of cookies
 With the use of the Website, cookies will be stored on the media that the
 user uses to browse the Website. These cookies are used to give the user of
 the Website a better experience when browsing the Website and to collect
 certain information on the user in order to facilitate analysis of the
 users of the Website.
 
 4.3 Types of cookies
 Cookies placed on the user’s media of choice include
 When you log in to your profileWhen you visit and interact with our Website to facilitate analysis through Google Analytics (https://www.google.com/analytics/)
 
 4.4 Administration of cookies
 SteelSeries informs users of the Website that cookies can be removed
 through a user’s browser of choice. Furthermore, the possibility of storing
 and using cookies through a browser can be altogether blocked by changing
 the browser’s settings.
 
 SteelSeries recommends users to consult the user guide related to the
 user’s browser of choice in order for users to adjust the browser’s cookie
 settings to the preferred setting.
 
 4.5 Online advertising
 We do not serve third party advertisements to you while using SteelSeries.com. However, we do work with advertising partners to deliver SteelSeries advertisements on third party publisher websites, and these partners may set cookies on your computer's web browser. 
 
 The specific partners are: Google, Facebook, Twitter, Outbrain, Reddit, ImpactRadius, and Refersion. The cookies allow our partners to recognize your computer so that the ad server can show you SteelSeries advertisements elsewhere on the Internet.
 5. SECURITY
 We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit
 information via the website, your information is encrypted and transmitted
 to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in
 your browser or for "https://" at the beginning of the address of the
 Website. The servers in which we store information are kept in a secure
 environment.
 