
If you do not agree to the storage and evaluation of this data from your visit, you can use the storage and use at any time at the click of a mouse. In this case, your browser will display a so-called Opt-Out cookie, which means that Piwik does not collect any session data. Beware: If you set your cookies the result is that the opt-out cookie is also deleted and you may have to activate it again.Our website uses Piwik/Matomo, hosted by mysnip (MySnip Solutions - Thomas Seifert, Kreutzigerstr. 4a, 10247 Berlin). This is a so-called web analysis service. Piwik uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze your use of the website. For this purpose, the usage information generated by the cookie (including your shortened IP address) is transmitted to our server and stored for usage analysis purposes, which in turn serves to optimize our website. Your IP address will be immediately made anonymous during this process, so that you as a user remain anonymous to us. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.Advertising
We deliver advertising with the help of Yieldlove GmbH, Kehrwieder 9, 20457 Hamburg.
                            The following information refers to this.

                            COOKIES
What are cookies?
                            Cookies are small text files that are sent when you visit a website and stored in the browser of the 
                                user. If the corresponding Internet page is retrieved, the browser of the user sends back the 
                                content of the cookies and thus enables recognition of the user. Certain cookies are automatically 
                                deleted after the end of the browser session (so-called session cookies), others are stored 
                                for a predetermined time or permanently in the user's browser and then delete 
                                themselves (so-called temporary or permanent cookies)


                            What data is stored in the cookies?
                            In cookies, no personal data is stored, but only an online identifier.

                            How can you prevent the use of cookies or delete cookies?
                            You can deactivate the storage of cookies via your browser settings and delete already stored cookies at any time in your browser (see the section "Technical notes"). Please note, however, that this online offering without cookies may not work or may only work to a limited extent.

                            Please note, furthermore, that contradictions against the creation of usage profiles partly work through
                                a so-called "opt-out cookie". If you delete all cookies, a contradiction may therefore no longer 
                                be taken into account and must be collected again by you.

                            What cookies does yieldlove use?

                            Analysis cookies
                                yieldlove uses analysis cookies in order to be able to record the usage behavior (eg clicked advertising banners,
                                visited sub-pages, made search queries) of our users and to evaluate them in statistical form.

                            Advertising cookies
                                yieldlove also uses cookies for promotional purposes. Usage profiles created using these cookies (eg, clicked 
                                banner ads, visited subpages, requested search queries) are used by us to show you advertisements or offers 
                                that are tailored to your interests ("interest-based advertising").

                            Advertising cookies of third parties
                                yieldlove also allows other companies to collect our users' data through advertising cookies.
                                This allows yieldlove and third parties to provide users of our online service with interest-based 
                                advertising based on an analysis of their usage behavior (eg, clicked banner ads, visited 
                                subpages, requested search queries), and not limited to our online offerings.


                            Yieldlove delivers advertising banners on behalf of its customers. All our banners use cookies. yieldlove places
                                these banners on third-party websites, such as a news page or languagetool.org, with the help of third-party providers.

                            For diagnostic purposes, troubleshooting, and detecting fraudulent behavior, yieldlove collects user information 
                                in cookies using yieldlove's 6-month lifecycle. The captured user information includes user agent, 
                                device, HTTP referrer and the IP. This data is not retained for more than 7 days.

                            Yieldlove takes reasonable steps to protect any information yieldlove processs from misuse, loss,
                                unauthorized access, modification or notification. yieldlove takes physical, electronic and procedural 
                                security measures to protect the data yieldlove processes. By doing so, yieldlove restricts access to this 
                                information to authorized employees.

                            For the cookies that our third-party advertisers place for advertising purposes, yieldlove refers to 
                                the disclaimers that they have provided on the topic on their own websites. Note that
                                yieldlove can only refer to these disclaimers, as they change regularly and Yieldlove has no control over them.



                            THIRD PARTIES AND OPT-OUT
A central contradiction possibility for different third-party suppliers in particular US-companies is also
                                attainable under the following link: optout.networkadvertising.org But you can also opt-out separately 
                                for each company we work with. Responsible for the data collection and for the delivery of interest 
                                based-based online advertising are the following companies on behalf of Yieldlove GmbH:



                            4w Marketplace
                                4w Marketplace (www.4wmarketplace.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of 4w Marketplace is 4w Marketplace srl located in Fisciano (Salerno) – 84084 in Via Giovanni Paolo II n.100. In case you would like to prevent 4w Marketplace from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.4wmarketplace.com/privacy/
Opt-out: www.youronlinechoices.com/it/le-tue-scelte
Adform
                                Adform (www.adform.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Adform is Adform located in Wildersgade 10B, 1, 1408 Copenhagen, Denmark. In case you would like to prevent Adform from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: site.adform.com/privacy-policy-opt-out/
Opt-out: site.adform.com/privacy-policy-opt-out/
Amazon
                                Amazon (https://www.aps.amazon.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Amazon publisher services is Amazon publisher services located in Washington – 410 Terry Ave. North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210. In case you would like to prevent Amazon publisher services from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_left_sib?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496
Opt-out: www.amazon.com/adprefs/ref=hp_468496_advertisingpref2
AppNexus
                                AppNexus (https://www.appnexus.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of AppNexus is AppNexus Group located in in New York – 28 W. 23rd  Street, New York, New York, 10010. In case you would like to prevent Appnexus from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.appnexus.com/en/company/privacy-policy
Opt-out: www.appnexus.com/en/company/platform-privacy-policy#choices
Conversant
                                Conversant (https://www.conversantmedia.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Conversant is Conversant inc. located in in Chicago (IL) – 101 North Wacker, 23rd  Floor Chicago, IL 60606. In case you would like to prevent Conversant from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy
Opt-out: optout.conversantmedia.com/
Criteo
                                Criteo (https://www.criteo.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Criteo is Criteo located in Paris – 32 Rue Blanche – 75009 Paris - France. In case you would like to prevent Criteo from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.criteo.com/privacy/
Opt-out: www.criteo.com/privacy/
District M
                                District M (https://districtm.net) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of District M is District M located in Montreal – 5455 Gaspe Ave #730, Montreal, QC H2T 3B3, Canada. In case you would like to prevent District M from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: districtm.net/en/page/platforms-data-and-privacy-policy/
Opt-out: cdn.districtm.ca/optout.html
Doubleclick
                                Doubleclick (www.doubleclickbygoogle.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Doubleclick is Google located in Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow St Dublin 4 Ireland. In case you would like to prevent Doubleclick from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Opt-out: adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=en
Facebook
                                Facebook (www.facebook.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Facebook is Facebook Inc., located in 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. In case you would like to prevent Facebook from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
Opt-out: www.facebook.com/ads/preferences
Indexexchange
                                Indexexchange (www.indexexchange.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Indexexchange is Indexexchange located in New York – 20 W 22nd  St. Suite 1101, New York, NY 10010. In case you would like to prevent Indexexchange from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
Opt-out: optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/


                            Media.net
                                Media.net (http://www.media.net/privacy-policy) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Media.net is Media.net Advertising Ltd. located in Dubai – 107/108, DIC Building 5, Dubai Internet City, Dubai, 215028, United Arab Emirates. In case you would like to prevent Media.net from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.media.net/privacy-policy
Opt-out: www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Oath
                                Oath (https://www.oath.com/) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Oath is Oath (EMEA) Limited located in Dublin - 5-7 Point Square, North Wall Quay. In case you would like to prevent Oath from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: privacy.aol.com/
Opt-out: aim.yahoo.com/aim/ie/en/optout/
OpenX
                                OpenX (https://www.OpenX.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of OpenX is OpenX located in Pasadena – 888 E Walnut St, 2nd Floor, Pasadena CA, 91101, USA. In case you would like to prevent OpenX from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.openx.com/de_de/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: www.openx.com/legal/interest-based-advertising/
Pubmatic
                                Pubmatic (https://www.pubmatic.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Pubmatic is Pubmatic, Inc. located in Redwood City – 305 Main Street, First Floor, Redwood City, California 94063, USA. In case you would like to prevent Pubmatic from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.openx.com/de_de/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
Pulsepoint
                                Pulsepoint (https://www.pulsepoint.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Pulsepoint is Pulsepoint, Inc. located in New York – 360 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10017. In case you would like to prevent Pulsepoint from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.pulsepoint.com/privacy-policy
Opt-out: optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/


                            Reachnet
                                Reachnet (https://www.reachnet.de) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Reachnet is Reachnet DE Ltd. located in Hamburg – Grindelallee 41, D-20146 Hamburg. In case you would like to prevent Reachnet from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.reachnet.de/unternehmen/agb.html
Opt-out: adfarm1.adition.com/opt?m=optout&n=73


                            Rubicon Project
                                Rubicon Project (https://www.rubiconproject.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Rubicon Project is Rubicon Project, inc. located in Playa Vista – 12181 Bluff Creek Drive, 4th Floor, Playa Vista, CA 90094, USA. In case you would like to prevent Rubicon Project from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.rubiconproject.com/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: rubiconproject.com/privacy/consumer-online-profile-and-opt-out/
Primis
                                Primis (https://www.primis.tech) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Primis is Primis LTD located in 622 Third avenue, McCann New York House 10017 New York City, USA. In case you would like to prevent Primis from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.primis.tech/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/primisPrivacyPolicy2018.pdf
Opt-out: live.sekindo.com/utils/cookieOptOut.php
Smaato
                                Smaato (https://www.smaato.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Smaato is Smaato Ad Services located in Hamburg – Valentinskamp 70, Emporio, 20355 Hamburg, Germany. In case you would like to prevent Smaato from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.smaato.com/privacy/
Opt-out: www.youronlinechoices.eu
SmartAdserver
                                SmartAdserver (https://www.smartadserver.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of SmartAdserver is SmartAdserver located in Paris – 66 Rue de la Chaussée d´Antin, 75009 Paris, France. In case you would like to prevent SmartAdserver from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: smartadserver.com/company/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: www.smartadserver.com/diffx/optout/IABOptout.aspx
Sovrn
                                Sovrn (https://www.sovrn.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Sovrn is Sovrn Holdings, Inc. located in Boulder – 5541 Central Avenue, Boulder, CO 80301. In case you would like to prevent Sovrn from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy-eu/
Opt-out: info.evidon.com/pub_info/15620?v=1&nt=0&nw=false
Ströer SSP
                                Ströer SSP (https://www.adscale.de) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Ströer SSP is Ströer media Deutschland GmbH located in Köln – 50999 Köln, Ströer-Allee 1. In case you would like to prevent Adscale from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.adscale.de/datenschutz
Opt-out: ih.adscale.de/adscale-ih/oo
Twiago
                                Twiago (https://www.twiago.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Twiago is Twiago located in Köln – Gustav-Heinemann-Ufer 72b, 50968 Köln. In case you would like to prevent Twiago from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.twiago.com/datenschutz/
Opt-out: control.twiago.com/privacy.php?lang=0
Mopub
                                Mopub (https://www.mopub.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Mopub is Twitter, Inc. located in San Francisco – 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, Ca 94103. In case you would like to prevent Moppub from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Opt-out: www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Inmobi
                                Inmobi (https://www.inmobi.com) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Inmobi is Inmobi Pte Ltd located in Bangalore – Embassy Tech Square, Kadubeesanahalli Village Outer Ring Road, Varthur Hobli, Bangalore 560103. In case you would like to prevent Inmobi from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
                                Privacy Policy: www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
OTHER / UNFORESEEN COOKIES
Due to the way in which Internet and websites work, it is possible that yieldlove does not always have
                                oversight into the cookies that are placed through our banners by third parties. This is 
                                particularly the case when our banners contain embedded elements such as texts, documents,
                                images or film clips that are stored by another party, but that are shown on, in or 
                                through our banners.
                                Should you encounter cookies on this website that fall into this category which yieldlove 
                                have not mentioned above, please let us or yieldlove know or contact the third party directly and 
                                ask which cookies they have placed, what the reason for this is, what the lifetime 
                                of the cookie is and in what way they have safeguarded your privacy.

                            YOUR RIGHTS WITH REGARDS TO YOUR DATA
                                Yieldlove does not view the banner advertising data it uses as personal data under the
                                applicable law. Likewise, yieldlove does not collect or process sensitive personal data such as data 
                                on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, 
                                trade union membership, health, or sex life. yieldlove also does not knowingly collect 
                                data from children under the age of 12.
                                However, if you want to correct, update or delete the banner advertising data yieldlove has,
                                or if you would like to correct, update or delete the personal data that you have provided 
                                to yieldlove via the contact form on our homepage, you can contact us or yieldlove by e-mail at datenschutzbeauftragter@stroeer.de.

                            EDAA

                                yieldlove participates in the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) self-regulatory 
                                programs and adhere to the EDAA Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. 
                                EDAA principally acts as the central licensing body for the OBA Icon and provides 
                                technical means for consumers to exercise transparency and control over OBA through 
                                the youronlinechoices.eu online consumer choice platform. EDAA is governed by 
                                EU-level organisations which make up the value chain of OBA within Europe and 
                                acts to ensure European consistency in approach. Click here to learn more about the EDAA.

                        
