Scope
This statement applies to the following Australian Capital Territory (ACT) Government websites and online facilities:
These websites and online facilities are managed by ACT Health.
Information Collected
If you visit the websites and/or online facilities managed by ACT Health to read or download information or conduct an online transaction, ACT Health automatically records the following information in their log files:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address. The IP Address is a unique numerical identifier used by computers and other devices to identify and communicate with each other over a network. ACT Health uses the IP Address to direct requested web pages to you where this is required.
Top level domain name (eg: .com, .net, .gov, .au etc)
The type of browser and operating system you used
Date and time of your visit
The previous site visited
Which pages are accessed
The time spent on individual pages and the site overall
Which files were downloaded
What keywords you used to search the site
This information may be used to improve these websites and online facilities and to help ACT Health to understand how people are using them. The log files do not collect or store personally identifiable information.
Cookies
ACT Health uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies and JavaScript code to enable analysis on usage of these websites and online facilities.
Cookies used by ACT Health’s website do not collect personal information, but may be used to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users across other channels such as Facebook.
'Cookies' are small pieces of information that are stored by the browser on your computer's hard drive. The data collected about your use of these websites and online facilities is transmitted to and stored on Google's servers. Google uses this data for the purpose of compiling usage reports for ACT Health and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
The reports provided by Google to ACT Health contain only aggregate non-personal data about your use of these websites and online facilities. These reports may contain data relating to pages viewed, files downloaded or the completion of online forms or subscriptions. ACT Health uses the data collected by Google Analytics to improve these websites and online facilities and to help ACT Health to understand how people are using them.
Google may transfer this data to third parties where required to do so by law, or where third parties process this data on Google's behalf.  This may result in disclosure to private persons and organisations and governmental bodies outside of Australia, particularly where the information is stored outside of Australia. This, could be coordinated with information from other sources to allow the identification of the person undertaking browsing activity.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, and you can opt out of the collection of IP addresses by downloading the Google Analytics opt out browser add-on. Please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of these websites and online facilities.
By using these websites and online facilities, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Personal information
Personal information is defined as information about an individual whose identity is apparent or reasonably identifiable.
No personal information is collected automatically through this website. All personal information collected and/or stored must be voluntarily provided by you.
ACT Health will only collect personal information about you when you voluntarily participate in an activity that asks for information, such as:
Sending an enquiry or feedback
Participating in a survey
Making a booking
Undertaking a payment or other transaction
Creating an account
Opting in to communication or subscription services
ACT Health will collect personal and financial information (e.g. postal address and invoice numbers) where you choose to provide this information. The information requested in each case is required to complete the transaction. The information collected through the online version of the transaction is equivalent to the information collected using the alternate channels.
If you choose not to provide personal information when completing one or more of these activities, you may not be able to complete that activity. If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will in no way affect your ability to browse these websites and online facilities.
Use of Your Personal Information
Personal information you provide when sending an enquiry or feedback, participating in surveys, making a booking, undertaking a payment or transaction, creating an account, or opting in to communication or subscription services is strictly used only for the purpose it was collected and where extra information is required in order to provide the service you have requested.
ACT Health may use your contact details to respond appropriately, for example to advise receipt, address issues you identify, or to seek action from another government agency or other organisation.
Survey information is used only for the purpose designated.
If ACT Health asks you for personal information in order to provide you with a service that you have requested then you will be informed how that personal information will be used if you choose to give it to us. Where your information will be shared with another government agency or other organisation, a link to the relevant agency or organisation's privacy policy will be provided.
ACT Health will not share information about you with other government agencies or other organisations without your permission unless:
it is necessary to provide you with a service that you have requested;
it is required or authorised by law;
where permitted general situations exist, such as to lessen or prevent a threat to life, health or safety; to assist with the location of a missing person; or to investigate suspected unlawful activity or serious misconduct relating to our functions;
Storage and Security of Your Personal Information
Security measures including, but not limited to, authentication, monitoring, auditing and encryption have been integrated into the design, implementation, contractual arrangements and day-to-day practices of the entire ACT Health operating environment as part of its continuing commitment to risk management.
These security measures ensure the privacy of information while it is being transmitted across the Internet and protect your information against loss, misuse and alteration.
Credit card details are submitted directly to the banking system and are not passed or retained by the ACT Government in any form.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information
You can review any personal information collected about you at any time by making a formal request in writing to ACT Health, GPO Box 825, Canberra ACT 2601.
ACT Health will take reasonable steps to correct the information to ensure that, having regard to the purpose for which it is held, the information is accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading. The obligation to correct information is subject to any applicable limitation in a law that provides a right to require the collection or amendment of documents.
If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact ACT Health on 13 22 81. In all cases ACT Health will take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to granting access to your personal information or making corrections to the information collected.
Privacy obligations for ACT Government agencies
With respect to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, ACT Health is bound by the Information Privacy Act 2014.
ACT Health ensures that appropriate standards are used when service provision is outsourced to the private sector.
Disclaimer
These websites and online facilities contain links to third party websites. These include links to websites operated by other government agencies, non-profit organisations and private businesses. When you select a link to another web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. ACT Health is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Neither the ACT Government, nor any agency, officer nor employee of the ACT Government warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by this system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products or services linked from this system and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information.
Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. It is your responsibility to verify all information provided by these websites and online facilities and/or websites linked to or from them. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at his or her own risk.
How to Contact Us
If you have any comment in relation to any aspect of the collection, use, security of or access to your personal information please contact ACT Health on 13 22 81
If the issue is not resolved to your satisfaction you may wish to contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
