Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd and its associated websites (australiazoo.com.au, crocodilehunter.com, crocone.com.au, Newbreedvets.com.au, savestevesplace.com, Internationalcrocodilerescue.com.au) values and respects the right to privacy of all individuals and organisations and complies with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).What information is collected?The kind of personal information we collect and store will depend upon the type of initiative you support or enquire about. We only collect information that is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions and activities. Personal information collected by Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd may include: your contact information - name, address, email address, phone number, mobile phone number your date of birth and gender your bank account or credit card details Why do we collect personal information?
You do not have to disclose any personal information to us, but we do need certain information in order to provide specific services or information to you. Personal details will be used for the purposes for which it is collected (e.g. purchasing ticket) and/or to provide you with Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd correspondence. We may also use this information to communicate to you other activities that Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd is currently undertaking, subscription renewals, data analysis, as well as keeping you up to date about changes to our website. If you choose to provide us with your email address, we will try to communicate with you via email to save on administration expenses. If you do not want to receive further information about current activities and projects, please call 07 5436 2000 (International +61 7 5436 2000) or email info@australiazoo.com.au.How information is collected:Personal information may be collected by the forms you fill out and provide to us (including online forms), telephone calls, emails, in person and your visits to our website.
Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd collect cookie information when you visit our websites. Cookies are pieces of information that a website can transfer to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many websites use them. Cookies are useful for facilitating a user's access to and use of a site. They allow us to track usage patterns and compile data that can help us improve our services to you. Cookie information is used in aggregated form - Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd does not use it to identify you as an individual. However, if you do not wish any information to be collected through the use of cookies you can change the functions in most web browsers to deny the cookie feature. You can also delete cookies from your hard drive at any time. The type of data collected by cookies is
a record of your IP address;the date, time and length of your visit to the site;any purchases, donations, bookings or registrations completed during your visit;the pages accessed and documents downloaded;the version of your operating system and web browser; andthe referring site if you followed a link to get here.Where is the information held?
Personal information provided via this website, or mailed or faxed to us is held in our databases at our offices in Beerwah. Electronic information is store via Google Analytics, Centaman Systems or MailChimp.We confirm that Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd will not share the information you provide us with any other person or organisation, either in Australia or to overseas recipients, unless you have specifically given us permission to do so. Accessing your information At any time you can request a copy of the personal information we have on file about you, or request a change or deletion of information. Any request from you must be in writing and we will then verify your identity and provide the requested information within a reasonable time. We reserve the right to charge a fee to cover the cost of verification of identity and retrieving, copying and supplying any material requested.ComplaintsIf you are concerned that we have not complied with your legal rights or applicable privacy laws, you may bring a complaint internally through our complaints process or you may decide to make a formal complaint with the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (www.oaic.gov.au) (which is the regulator responsible for privacy in Australia).We will deal with complaints as follows:
Let us know 
If you would like to make a complaint, you should let us know by contacting our Privacy Officer (see below for contact details).
Investigation of complaint
Your complaint will be investigated by our Privacy Officer. A response to your complaint will be provided in writing within a reasonable period.
Contact OAIC
We expect our procedures will deal fairly and promptly with your complaint. However, if you remain dissatisfied, you can also contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner as follows:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
Complaints must be made in writing
Director of Compliance
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 2001
Ph 1300 363 992Change of details and complaintsYou can correct and update your personal information, make a complaint, or opt out of any future communications by:
Sending an e-mail using our contact formPhone our Human Resources Dept on Int Tel: +61 7 5436 2000Fax to: 61 7 5494 8604Post to: Att: Privacy Officer

Australia Zoo
Steve Irwin Way
Beerwah Qld Australia 4519Protecting information provided via the InternetOur site uses security encrypted response forms when personal and financial details are requested. The security we use between your browser and our web-site is SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption. Links with other sites Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd's websites contains links to other sites. Other sites may also have links to our website. In either case, we are not responsible for the content, privacy practices or business practices of any website or company except our own. 