

Your Privacy


At iOffer.com (iOffer), we take your privacy very seriously. Please read this privacy policy (the "Policy") to see
how iOffer handles your personal information that you give to us when you register with our website www.ioffer.com (the "Site").
This Policy is an agreement between iOffer and you, as the user of iOffer’s website. This agreement tells you when the policy is
effective, what information we collect from you, how we might use it, how you can review or change the personal information
provided to us, how we may change this policy, and the steps we take to ensure that your personal information is protected



If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us
at privacy@ioffer.com.



EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Program(s)


iOffer.com complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth
by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information transferred from
the from European Union member countries and Switzerland to the United States. iOffer.com has certified to the Department
of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield and Swiss Safe Harbor Principles.  If there is any conflict between
the terms of this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our http://www.privacyshield.gov



1. Agreement to Terms


All activities you engage in on the Site are voluntary, and you are not required to provide any
personal information to us unless you choose to access features on the Site that require the
information. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy or the Site's other terms of use,
then you should not provide us with personal information and immediately exit and discontinue
using the Site. iOffer's terms of use are expressly incorporated herein by reference and made a
part of this policy. By using the Site, you signify that you agree to the terms of this privacy
policy as well as to our terms of use.



2. Information We Collect


Our main purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with an enjoyable, customized,
and efficient experience on our Site. iOffer collects information from you when you register and conduct
certain activities on the Site. We collect your full name, valid telephone number, contact/billing
information, email address, and physical address. Also, each Member must create a unique user id and
password to access or use certain parts of our Site. We also collect financial data (such as your credit
card or debit card number) in certain instances. If you do not provide the requested information, you
may not be able to access or use the features of the Site where such information is requested. If you
communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards or forums, or
otherwise complete online forms, any information provided in such communication may also be collected. Any
additional information collected will be used in accordance with our privacy policy.


Automatic Data Collection


As is true of most websites, we may also collect more general information from your browser and store it in log files.
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit
pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.  This information may be collected from you whenever
you access the site whether or not you provide us with any personal information. We use this information, which does
not identify individual users, to help us to diagnose problems with our servers and administer the Site, to analyze
trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information
about our user base as a whole.


We may also use cookies to gather information about your visits to the Site and enhance your user experience.
Cookies are software tags that are stored by your browser onto your hard drive for identification purposes. These
bits of information are general in nature and they allow us to customize our Site to fit your specific needs and
preferences. Cookies are used for such activities as remembering your user name and password, and allow you to log
onto or navigate through specific sections of our Site without having to re-enter certain information. You can turn
off all cookies, in case you prefer not to receive them. You can also have your computer warn you whenever cookies
are being used. For both options you must adjust your browser settings (such as Mozilla, Firefox or Internet Explorer).
There are also software products that can manager cookies for you. Please be aware, however, that when you choose to
reject cookies, this choice may limit the functionality of the iOffer website and you may lose access to some of its features.


The use of cookies by any affiliates, tracking utility companies, or service providers is not covered by our
privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Third parties such as those listed may
use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site.



3. Our Core Privacy Values


We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this
privacy policy.  We will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.


We will not give personally identifiable information to advertisers;


We utilize safe, secure technology to protect your personally identifiable information;


We do not tolerate spam.




4. How Your Personal Information is Used?


The financial data collected from iOffer is to bill you for iOffer’s services. Other information collected from
iOffer Members is used to improve product offerings, customize our Site's content and layout, for marketing and
statistical efforts, to learn about the interests of our visitors in aggregate and also on a personal level to
better understand your interests and needs so we can improve our services and deliver to you the type of content,
features and promotions that you are most interested in. Occasionally, we will send you emails about new services
or promotions. You can always opt-out of receiving any information from us, but please understand that such a request
will likely limit your ability to take advantage of all of the features and services available on iOffer. If you no
longer wish to receive any e-mails from us, or if you want to modify your personal data or want your personal data
to be deleted from our database, see Section 7



5. Who Will See My Personal Information?


Our number one priority is to keep your personal information private and confidential. Except as
set forth herein we will not willfully disclose your personal information to third parties. And we
will not rent or sell your personal information to anyone. However, certain personal information will
be made available to others in the process of using our Site. This information includes:


Other visitors to our Site may view your user ID, rating, city, and other items you have listed for sale, purchased or reviewed.


In order to complete the transaction, the buyer and seller are provided with each other’s email and postal address.



When making an offer, the seller can view your user ID, rating and your city. The profile you create on our site will
be publically accessible unless otherwise indicated.  You may change the privacy settings of your transaction history
through your account portal. For more information, visit http://www.ioffer.com/entries/show/20233861


Of course once you provide personal information to a buyer or seller on our Site, iOffer has no control over how that
information is used by that individual. You should discuss any privacy concerns you may have with any individual you
meet through our Site, as the only protection you will have is whatever terms you agree to directly with this individual.


In addition, we provide some of our services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, services providers, partners
and other third parties (collectively "service partners"). Our service partners may use your personal information to operate
our sites and to deliver their services. For example, your data may be transferred to website hosting partners and other
parties who assist us in designing and operating the website, executing services or helping us analyze collected data, and
by submitting your information, you authorize this transfer. These parties will only use your data for the purpose of carrying
out the work as agreed with us and they will be required to keep the information confidential. We will encourage our service
partners to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your personal information by our service partners is governed
by the privacy policies of those service partners and is not subject to our control.


iOffer will also disclose your personally identifiable information to others under the following circumstances:


You consent to share the information.


In response to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, including from jurisdictions outside the United States.


Your actions on our Site are, or appear to be, in violation of the Terms of Service and disclosure of this information
will assist in efforts to enforce the Terms of Service.


You post a listing which iOffer believes in its sole discretion may create liability for iOffer and disclosure of
this personal information may minimize or eliminate iOffer’s liability.


For security purposes or to prevent imminent harm to any person or entity.


If iOffer.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets.


To cooperate with law enforcement investigations, which may include responding to requests and court orders from jurisdictions outside the United States.



We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities, and may be
required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national
security or law enforcement requirements. Release of your personal data for security purposes, as described in this Agreement
to any person or entity under any circumstances shall be based on a determination made solely by us, exercising our sole
discretion, permission for which is expressly granted by you to us in accordance with this policy.



6. Protection of Your Personal Information and General Information


6.1.  Security Measures.


In an effort to keep your information confidential along with the general information that we receive from
you through our Site, iOffer has implemented various security measures, including the highest industry
standards for secure servers - Secure Socket Layers (SSL) and firewalls. We provide you with the capability
to transmit your personal information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser.
Unfortunately, perfect security does not always exist on the Internet (or in the real world). Despite this, we
will do our best to continue to ensure the security of your private information.


6.2  Risk of Interception


Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online there is a risk that third
parties may intercept and use that information. While iOffer strives to protect your personal information
and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online. By using this Site,
you expressly acknowledge and agree that we do not guarantee the security of any data provided to or received
by us through this Site and that any personal information, general information or other data or information
received from you through the Site is provided to us at your own risk, which you expressly assume.  If you have
any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at privacy@ioffer.com.



7. Accessing, Deleting or Modifying Personal Information


You retain the right to access your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer
desire our service, you may cancel your registration at any time, or delete or modify your personal information by logging in to our website
and visiting your registration page and following the instructions provided.
You may also make a request by contacting our customer support at helpdesk@ioffer.com, or by contacting
us by telephone or postal mail using the contact information listed below.
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days


We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
Thereafter, we will retain and use your information only as necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.


Receiving emails from our site is part of our service. If you no longer wish to receive these emails,
you may opt out of them by canceling your account.



8. Public Information


iOffer is designed to allow buyers and sellers to engage in public transactions, although we also
provide you with the opportunity to communicate privately with buyers and sellers.


We also make chat rooms, forums, message boards and news groups available to you. Please understand
that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over
its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
If you cannot do so yourself, to request removal of your personal information from our community forum,
contact us.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will
let you know if we are unable to do so and why.



9. Links to Third Party Sites


9.1. Privacy


iOffer sometimes contains links to other websites, including links from partners that may use iOffer’s
logos as part of a co-branding agreement. This privacy policy does not apply to such third party websites,
nor are we responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. The sites those links
can take you to have their own separate privacy policy, and although we seek to protect the integrity of
our site, iOffer is not liable for the content and activities of those sites. Your visits and access to such
websites is at your own risk. Please note that those other sites may send their own cookies to users,
collect data or solicit personal information


9.2. Social Networking


iOffer may offer the option to connect your account to third party social networking sites. You can log in to
our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect.  These services will authenticate your identity and
provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to
pre-populate our sign up form.  Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about
your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.   Integration
with third party social networking sites includes, but is not limited to, the sharing of login credentials,
including profile information and furthering iOffer’s marketing efforts. Third party social networking sites
have their own separate privacy policy, and although we seek to protect the integrity of our site, iOffer is not
liable for the content and activities of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when connecting your iOffer
profile to third party sites and to read the privacy statements contained therein. You can always opt-out of
connecting your iOffer profile with third party sites. You may disconnect your iOffer profile or manage the
information you share with third party social networking sites by logging in to our website and visiting
your account page.


Our Web site also includes Social Media Features such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as Twitter feeds,
Add This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which
page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features
and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features
are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.


If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and
email address.  We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site.
iOffer does not store this information.


You can import contacts from your Outlook or other email account address book to invite them to become members of our
site.  We collect the username and password for the email account you wish to import your contacts from and will only
use it for that purpose.



10. Minors


Only those who are 18 years or older may use iOffer. Personal registration information submitted by a person under the age
of 18 will not be accepted. Any general information provided by a person under the age of 18 and gathered (for instance,
through the use of cookies) during his or her visit may be used as indicated in this policy (see Section 2). iOffer is
committed to protecting the privacy of children and has no intention of collecting personal data from children under
the age of 18. We encourage parents and guardians of children under 18 to regularly check and monitor their children’s
use of email and other activities online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a user of iOffer is under age 18,
we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account.



11. Your Responsibilities


We go to great lengths to protect all of your information on our Site. To help us maintain the security of your personal
information, we ask that you do not share your password with anybody. Sharing this information could put you and your
rating as a buyer/seller at risk. If you lose control of your password or you think that somebody has obtained unauthorized
access to your account, immediately change your password. Please contact us if you have any questions.



12. Lost or Stolen Information


You must promptly notify us if your credit cared, user name or password is lost, stolen or
used without permission. In such an event, we will remove that credit card number, user name,
or password from your account and update our records accordingly.



13. Dispute Resolution


In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles and U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor Principles, iOffer commits to resolve complaints
about our collection or use of your personal information.  Individuals in the European Union with inquiries or complaints
regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact iOffer at iOffer Customer Service Requests.  Under certain circumstances,
you may also be able to take advantage of binding arbitration if iOffer is unable to satisfactorily resolve your complaint.
iOffer is also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. iOffer has further committed
to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning
data transferred from the EU. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your
complaint to your satisfaction, please contact the EU DPAs for more information or to file a complaint. The services of EU DPAs are
provided at no cost to you.



14. Accountability for Onward Transfer


In order to transfer personal data to a third party acting as an agent under this privacy policy, iOffer is obligated to
comply with the Privacy Shield’s Notice and Choice Principles and iOffer is potentially liable for onward transfers to
third parties under these principles.  To transfer personal data to an agent, iOffer shall (i) transfer such data only for
limited and specified purposes; (ii) ascertain that the agent is obligated to provide at least the same level of privacy
protection as is required by the Principles; (iii) take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that the agent
effectively processes the personal information transferred in a manner consistent with iOffer’s obligations under the
Principles; (iv) require the agent to notify iOffer if it makes a determination that it can no longer meets its obligation
to provide the same level of protection as required by the Principles; (v) upon notice (including under (iv)) take
reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing; and (vi) provide a summary or a
representative copy of the relevant privacy provisions of its contract with that agent to the U.S. Department of Commerce
upon request.



15. Transfer and Assignment of Rights


Nothing in this Policy shall limit, prohibit, or otherwise deny the ability of iOffer to (1) transfer, assign, or sell
its assets, including, without limitation, the assets of our Site, to a third party or (2) dispose of its assets in
any manner through bankruptcy or similar proceeding.


16. Disclaimer


iOffer makes no representations regarding, and disclaims all liability arising out of or related to, the
accuracy or completeness of the information it collects and discloses through our Site.



17. Updates and Changes to Our Privacy Policy


This Policy, as modified, is effective as of August 25, 2016, and will remain in effect except with respect
to any provisions that are changed in the future, in which case the changes will become effective on the
date they are posted on the Site.  If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to
the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change
becoming effective. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or
modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on iOffer and without any other
notice to you. Any such changes, updates, modifications or deletions will be effective immediately upon
posting to this Site. You should check this policy periodically as its terms may change from time to time.
Your continued use of the Site after we post such modifications will constitute your acknowledgement of the
modified policy and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified policy. We will also revise the "last updated"
date found at the beginning of this privacy policy when we post changes to it



We Want To Hear From You


Your opinion truly counts. Our Site was designed to serve the needs of our Members. Please contact us with
any questions or comments. You may do this by sending an email to iOffer Customer Service Requests.




iOffer, Inc.





Physical Address:


82 South Park Ave.

San Francisco, CA 94107



Mailing Address:


PO BOX 78191

San Francisco, CA 94107

USA

