

I respect your privacy

I guarantee that any personal information you provide to me
including your name, e-mail address, telephone number and other contact details
WILL NOT be divulged to any third party without your prior consent.
Credit card and banking details
I WILL NEVER ask for your Credit Card or banking details and urge
that you DO NOT enter them on any of the forms on this website.
External sites
I am not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. I advise you
to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal
information.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and
allows me to recognize you each time a request is submitted to contact me or take part in my link exchange programme. These cookies expire
after 3 hours and are designed to prevent me from being "spammed" by
unscrupulous individuals.
The cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and I DO NOT
use cookies to collect personal information.
I use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit my
website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address,
email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know
your options in relation to•not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
Future changes
I may edit or alter my Privacy Policy from time to time. I'll notify you of
any substantial changes by a  prominent announcement on this website.
Remember the risks whenever you use the internet
There are other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through
this website that have separate data and privacy practices that are different to
mine, and therefore I disclaim any responsibility or liability for their
policies or actions. Please contact those vendors and others directly if you
have any questions about their privacy policies.




