
What we needSunway is what is known as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. We take your privacy seriously and will only use personal information about you and your family to provide the services you have requested from us. 
We  collect personal data in order to be able to deliver the services you have requested.  This includes basic personal data and contact information such as for example name, address, email and phone number, date of birth, which we require for administration purposes, and in some cases passport information where required for travel and visa purposes.
 In addition, we will with your explicit consent collect details of medical conditions for passengers who have special medical or dietary requirements.
Why we need it / Purpose of the Processing We need your basic personal data and sensitive data in order to provide you with our services. We will only collect the personal data necessary to provide these services to you.
What we do with it / Data Sharing and DisclosureThe personal data we collect is processed by the staff of Sunway in our offices. All of our services are conducted with the highest level of privacy and confidentiality.
In order to provide our services to you we  share your personal data with our travel partners including for example, airlines, hotels and ground agents.
From time to time we will contact you with information we believe is of interest to you regarding holiday services. You will have the choice to opt in or out from receiving such communications by indicating your choice at any stage.
We will not share your information with any other third parties, unless they have a legal right to do so.
We have Data Protection policies and procedure in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data. 
International Data SharingSunway operates in multiple jurisdictions, some of which are not located in the European Economic Area (EEA). For service providers outside the EEA, we require them to process your information in a secure manner and in accordance with the EU laws on data protection. 
How long we keep it / retention period & criteria used.We will only retain your data for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purpose it is being processed for,  and for the period of time afterwards required by the relevant statutory and legislative guidelines that apply.  More information on our retention policies can be found by contacting us directly at the address given below.
What are your rights?If you wish to see what information we hold on you or your children, simply contact us either by post or email and we will respond to you.
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect, you may request to have it corrected. You can contact us at the address shown below. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can also contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) directly. 



Data Controller
Sunway 


Designated Person 
Customer Service Manager


Data Protn. Officer
DPO Sunway


Address
Marina HouseClarence StreetDun LaoghaireDun LaoghaireCo. DublinA96 RK31


Telephone: 
+353 (01) 2311800


Email: 
info@sunway.ie


If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data in a way that is not in accordance with the law, you can complain directly to the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at:



Email:
info@dataprotection.ie


Address:
Data Protection Commissioner Canal HouseStation RoadPortarlingtonCo. LaoisR32 AP23


 
This notice was last updated 23-05-2018.

