Privacy Statement
Your Privacy
The University of Michigan, Office of Development (OUD) is committed to protecting your personal privacy. We treat your privacy as we do our own.
This Privacy Policy discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our website: http://www.giving.umich.edu/. The statement outlines the information we may collect, how we protect it, how we may use that information, and how you can elect to change your information.
Collection of Information
While using our public web pages, you do not have to identify yourself or divulge personal information. We may collect general information from you that does not identify you personally. This may include data such as your domain name, the name of the web page from which you entered our site, and which of our web pages you visited and for how long. We aggregate this information to help us better focus on the needs and interests of our visitors and improve the overall functionality of our website.
As you use our website, we will not collect any personal information including your name, street address, email address, and telephone number, unless you provide the information to us voluntarily.
If you make a gift or register for an event online using your credit card information, we enter this information into our secure database, so that we have a record of your gift history and so we can issue you a receipt. Once your gift or registration is processed electronically by a secure credit card processing service, your credit card information is not maintained in our records.
Cookies
When you view our website, we may store some information on your computer in the form of a cookie. Cookies allow us to tailor our website to better match your interests and preferences. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any of your personally identifiable information while on our site. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all features and content of our website.
Use and Sharing of Information
When you do provide us with personal data, we may use that information in the following ways: provide you with University of Michigan news and events, this may include such things as upcoming reunions, newsletters, fund-raising events, donor recognition, and progress on recent fund-raising campaigns; process credit card information to properly bill your account (when applicable); and contact you for purposes connected to the University of Michigan or our relationship with you.
If we use your personal data to contact you, we will provide you with a method allowing you to opt-out of future communication. You can also contact us by e-mail, writing or telephoning, at the below contact information.
We will not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information to third parties, except as required by law. If you are an alumnus, The University of Michigan Alumni Association (AAUM) may occasionally send you promotional information. For further information about AAUM, please visit their website at http://alumni.umich.edu/about/privacy-policy. You can also visit the University of Michigan’s Standard Practice Guide “Use and Release of Donor and Alumni Information” at http://spg.umich.edu/policy/602.05 for further information.
Your Consent to This Privacy Policy
By using our website you signify that you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted in this area of the web site. If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not provide any Personal Information on this site. If you do not provide Personal Information on this site you may not be able to do certain things, like access particular areas of the site, request certain types of information, or send us email.
Access to Your Personal Information
Upon request you can review, update and correct the personal information you provided to us.  To access this information, please contact us at giving@umich.edu or call us toll free at 1 888 518-7888.
You can write to us at University of Michigan, Office of University Development, 3003 South State Street, Suite 8000, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48109-1288.
Our Commitment to Security
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the information under our control. Safeguards include restricted access to computer systems and paper files, firewalls, encryption and secure authentication methods. 
For example, when our online giving form asks you to enter personally identifiable information for online transactions, your information is protected using Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL encryption). Any information you supply is encrypted when you sent it from your browser to our sever. To learn more about SSL encryption, please visit Verisign Information Center.
All of your information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.If you are uncomfortable sharing your personal data on the Internet, please contact us at the below addresses or telephone number.
Changes to this Statement
We may occasionally decide to change our privacy policy, especially as new features are added to our website. If there are changes to this statement, we will post those changes here so you are always aware of what information we collect, and how we use it. If at any point we decide to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we would notify you and it’s your choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner.

How to Contact Us
Our postal address is:  3003 South State Street, Suite 8000 Ann Arbor, Michigan 48109-1288
We can be reached via e-mail at giving@umich.edu You can reach us by telephone at 1 888 518-7888.

Effective November 2007
 

