Safe Harbor (European Union and Switzerland)LSC Communications recognizes that the EU has an "omnibus" information protection regime established pursuant to the European Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC) (the "Directive") and that Switzerland has enacted the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection ("FADP"). Among other things, the Directive and FADP generally restricts the export of personal information from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to the United States, unless the US recipient can give "adequate protection" to such personal information when it is received or processed in the United States. LSC Communications has signed up to Safe Harbor and has certified that it offers such "adequate protection".
From time to time LSC Communications affiliates pass to LSC Communications in the United States certain individually identifiable information about individual contacts for LSC Communications' customers in the EU and Switzerland ("EU and Swiss Business Contact Information"), individuals in the EU or Switzerland who are customers or employees of LSC Communications' customers ("EU and Swiss Customer Information") and about individuals in the EU who are LSC Communications' or its affiliates' employees ("EU and Swiss Employee Information"). EU and Swiss Business Contact Information and EU and Swiss Customer Information are collectively referred to as "EU and Swiss Personal Information". Information regarding LSC Communications' practices concerning EU and Swiss Employee Information is provided to affected EU and Swiss employees through other company policies and procedures. In certain situations, individuals may seek to opt-out of disclosures of their EU and Swiss Business Contact Information by contacting LSC Communications as specified at the end of this Safe Harbor section. For more information about the Safe Harbor, please refer to the U.S. Department of Commerce website at http://www.export.gov/safeharbor. 
LSC Communications may obtain in the US the following types of EU and Swiss Business Contact Information: name, address, invoice information including bank account information, and order information. LSC Communications uses EU and Swiss Business Contact Information for the following purposes: managing customer relationships, managing orders, tracking payments and ensuring payment, and otherwise maintaining the customer relationship. LSC Communications may disclose EU and Swiss Business Contact Information to its affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and service providers for the purposes listed above.
In situations where LSC Communications discloses EU and Swiss Business Contact Information to any third parties acting as service providers or "agents" on behalf of LSC Communications, LSC Communications will require the recipient to protect the disclosed EU and Swiss Business Contact Information in accordance with the relevant Safe Harbor Principles, or otherwise take steps to ensure that the EU and Swiss Business Contact Information is appropriately protected. With respect to any sharing of EU and Swiss Business Contact Information for purposes of marketing LSC Communications products and services, LSC Communications obtains promises from its affiliates, subsidiaries and business partners that such entities will use and disclose such EU and Swiss Business Contact Information for purposes of marketing LSC Communications products and services only. In certain situations, individuals may seek to opt-out of disclosures of their EU and Swiss Business Contact Information by contacting LSC Communications as specified at the end of this Safe Harbor section.

LSC Communications takes appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard EU and Swiss Personal Information against unauthorized or unlawful processing of, or accidental loss, damage, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized alteration, or destruction, and maintains reasonable procedures to help ensure that such information is relevant for its intended use, accurate, complete, current and not excessive and that such information is not retained longer than is reasonably necessary.

LSC Communications may disclose EU and Swiss Personal Information as necessary in connection with the sale or transfer of all or part of its business, where required or permitted by law, where LSC Communications believes that such disclosures are appropriate in connection with a law enforcement request or as otherwise permitted by Safe Harbor, or in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities or suspected fraud or in order to comply with, enforce or apply LSC Communications agreements.
