
Information Collected
Wealthy Affiliate collects personal information when you register, when you use our products or services, or when you visit our pages. When joining Wealthy Affiliate you are required to enter a name, email address, and username. This basic information is collected so that we can provide you with our services. Once registered and signed into our services, this information is available to us.
Wealthy Affiliate may collect information from your interactions with us, including publishing content in blog posts, questions, live chat, training, support, or any other area where you can enter and input content to the system. For example, when asking a question within the Wealthy Affiliate community, the information entered is stored so that we can display it back to you and the community.
We send notifications and communication via email and clicks are tracked to help us better understand our email communication platform.  You have full control over what types of emails are received and this can be managed from your account settings page within your Wealthy Affiliate account, or accessed directly by clicking the management link in all emails that we send.
We automatically receive and record information in server logs from your browser, including your IP address, WealthyAffiliate.com cookie information, and the page you requested. The information in server logs is kept for a 60 day period in order to provide us with information to improve services and debug potential technical issues that may arise, protect against fraud, or malicious activity.
We provide control through the account settings to limit the data we collect from you and how we use it, as well as to control things like email communication, username displayed, name, or email used for logging in. This information is visible to you within your account settings at anytime. It is not important to us to know your real identity. If you prefer to be anonymous then you can change your name, username, and email to anything that you like. Likewise on your public profile, you can choose to enter an image and add a description. Images and profile descriptions can be removed at any time by visiting your public profile at:
https://my.wealthyaffiliate.com/yourusername
We use your information to fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting. If you have questions about this policy, how we collect or process your personal data, or anything else related to our privacy practices, we would love to hear from you. You can contact us at any time.
https://www.wealthyaffiliate.com/contact

