
Thank you for visiting The Walking Company website and reviewing our privacy policy. We strive to deliver outstanding products, services and experiences. We value your business and, most importantly, your loyalty. We recognize that privacy is an important issue. Our privacy policy is clear: We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, the only information we collect are the pages you request and the date and time you request them, the name of your internet service provider, the browser and type of machine you are using. We use this information to improve the usefulness of our website and measure site activity. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you submit your resume through our website, we use your personal information only in considering your application for employment. This information is shared only with The Walking Company employees involved in making hiring decisions.
If you choose to provide us with personal information by requesting a catalog, placing an order or sending an e-mail through our website, we use that information to help us respond to your request. We do not collect personal information for any other purposes. We will not call you regarding any promotions or share your telephone number with any other company. If you order a product from us or request a catalog, you are placed in our customer file and will receive transactional and/or promotional emails. If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, simply click here to be removed from our customer file. 
 We occasionally make customer mailing addresses available to other reputable catalog companies. If you do not wish to receive mailings from these companies or do not wish to receive The Walking Company catalog, please contact us via our online form found here. Provide us with your name and address as it appears on the mailing label, and we will be sure your name is removed.
Potential Future Modifications
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 1, 2013. The Walking Company reserves the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. Use of this website after modification implies that you consent to this Privacy Policy as modified.

Terms and Conditions
Welcome to TheWalkingCompany.com, ("Site"). This Site is owned and operated by The Walking Company. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using our Site. By using this Site, you automatically agree to all of these terms of use ("Agreement").
The Walking Company may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our Site from time to time. If you continue to use our Site after we post changes, it will mean that you accept those changes.
Copyright, Trade and Service Mark Rights
All rights in the product names, company names, trade names, logos, product packaging and designs of all The Walking Company or third-party products or services, whether or not appearing in large print or with a trademark symbol, belong exclusively to The Walking Company Holdings, Inc. (together with its subsidiary, "The Walking Company") as applicable, or their respective owners, and are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution or confusing or misleading uses under national and international trademark and copyright laws, as applicable.
To the full extent provided under the United States Copyright laws and all international copyright laws, all copyright rights in the text, images, photographs, graphics, user interface, and other content provided on the Site, and the selection, coordination, and arrangement of such content, are owned by The Walking Company or third-party licensors. Under applicable copyright laws, you are prohibited from copying, reproducing, modifying, distributing, displaying, performing or transmitting any of the contents of the Site for commercial purposes.
The contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely for noncommercial, personal use. You may download or copy such content and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the contents of the Site or any related software.
The use or misuse of these trademarks, copyrights or any materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and nothing stated or implied on this Site confers on you any license or right under any copyright or trademark of The Walking Company or any third party.
User Comments, Feedback, Postcards and Other Submissions
All comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to The Walking Company on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, "Comments") shall be and remain the property of The Walking Company. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to The Walking Company of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus, The Walking Company will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. The Walking Company is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any user Comments.You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make.
You agree that The Walking Company may use and/or disclose information about your demographics and use of the Site in any manner that does not reveal your identity.
Product Information
All products displayed at the Site are offered while supplies last. The prices displayed at the Site are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States.
We are in the process of designing an action plan to: 
					
					Evaluate the likelihood that our direct product supply chain being tainted by child labor, slavery and human trafficking, in light of the specific circumstances of our operations. 
					
					Reserve the right to require each vendor periodically to acknowledge in writing its compliance with applicable laws.
					
					Reserve the right to inspect vendors for compliance with applicable laws and to terminate any vendor who fails to comply with applicable laws or to cooperate in any such inspection, subject to the opportunity to cure the failure where appropriate. 
					
					Reserve the right to require each vendor periodically to acknowledge in writing its compliance with applicable laws (including laws against child labor, slavery and human trafficking).
					
					Reserve the right to terminate any vendor who fails to comply with applicable laws or to cooperate in any inspection of its premises, subject to the opportunity to cure the failure where appropriate. 
					
				  Develop a program that will provide our employees who have direct responsibility for supply chain management with training on our human rights policies, including policies regarding child labor, slavery and human trafficking, particularly with respect to mitigating the risk of human rights abuse within the product supply chain.
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Links to Other Web Sites and Services
To the extent that this Site contains links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which The Walking Company does not control; any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource.
Disclaimer
This Site and all contents of the Site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title. You acknowledge, by your use of the Site, that your use of the Site is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of our Site, and that The Walking Company shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this Site. This site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items on our website may be mispriced. If the correct price of an item sold by The Walking Company is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. We generally do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process. The Walking Company can at their discretion cancel orders and refund customers' money because of pricing errors or other technical inaccuracies 
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold The Walking Company harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
Miscellaneous
Unless otherwise specified, this Site and the contents thereof are displayed solely for the sale of The Walking Company's products and services.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be barred unless such cause of action is brought within one year after it arises; and shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the State of California.
Termination
This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or The Walking Company. You may terminate this Agreement at any time. The Walking Company also may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in The Walking Company's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon any termination of this Agreement by either you or The Walking Company, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise.
Entire Agreement
This is the entire agreement between us relating to your use of this Site. These terms may not be modified by you, in writing or otherwise, unless agreed to in a written document signed by The Walking Company.
Potential Future Modifications
This Agreement was last updated on September 1, 2004. The Walking Company reserves the right to change, modify or amend this Agreement at any time. Use of this website after modification implies that you consent to this Agreement as modified.
The Walking Company Website Security Policy
We take the issue of online security very seriously. It is your information, and we make sure it stays that way.
The Walking Company has put many safeguards into our electronic store so that you can enjoy your shopping experience without having to worry about credit card transactions. Our secure shopping system is made up of three layers:
The first layer "Safe Technology" is the most visible to you. Our Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology is the industry standard and among the best software available today to transmit sensitive information. SSL is a transport level technology for authentication and data encryption between a Web server and a Web browser. VeriSign, Inc. has protected every secure page on our site with a digital certificate. We encrypt all of your personal information so that it cannot be read as it travels over the Internet.
The second layer, our "Firewall", works behind the scenes. We protect all of your private information behind a network security system. Only our own staff has access to this information, and then only enough to service your order.
As a final precaution, we authorize all credit card transactions through the same private channel that we use for traditional orders.
If you have any questions about our security system, please contact us.
Potential Future Modifications
This Security Policy was last updated on September 1, 2004. The Walking Company reserves the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. Use of this website after modification implies that you consent to this Security Policy as modified.

