IDENTIFICATION OF THE WEBSITE PUBLISHERCompany :La MamouniaPostal address :Avenue Bab Jdid
			40 040 Marrakech
			MarocPostal address : Avenue Bab Jdid
			40 040 Marrakech
			MarocPhone :+212 5243-88600Email address :informations@mamounia.comIncorporation number (SIREN) : Trade register number :  5383COMMON IDENTIFIER OF COMPANIES :001527428000061Share capital :620 266 000 DHIndividual VAT identification number :06501226Publication director :Pierre JOCHEMLegally authorised representative : Pierre JOCHEMCREDITSWEBSITE PRODUCTION & HOSTINGCompany :Api & YouWebsite address :api-and-you.comPostal address : 27 grande rue
			39800 POLIGNY
			FRANCEPhone :+33 3 84 73 70 10Fax :+33 3 84 73 70 11Email address :info@api-and-you.comCompany number (SIREN) :537487654SIRET :53748765400015NACE code :6420ZShare capital :2 254 010,64€Individual VAT identification number :FR61537487654Legally authorised representative :Rémi OHAYONBy accessing this website, users expressly and irrevocably accept the terms and conditions hereinafter.WARNINGAccess and use of the mamounia.com website are subject to these terms and conditions of service, which are binding upon you and with which you are required to comply. We would therefore advise you to read the following carefully.
La Mamounia asserts its quality as a responsible company. We would therefore remind you that alcohol abuse is harmful to your health. Alcohol must be consumed in moderation. Access and use of the mamounia.com website by people residing in Europe are strictly reserved for adults.
That is the reason for which you are prompted to specify your year of birth whenever you access the website. Liability for any violations of the foregoing, especially if users of the mamounia.com website incorrectly specify or falsify their age, will be disclaimed by La Mamounia.
Access and use of the mamounia.com website in other countries and territories, where alcohol consumption is permitted, are strictly reserved for people that are legally authorised to consume alcoholic drinks. Consequently, people residing in a country or territory where use of the mamounia.com website is not permitted by applicable law and legislation, or people that have not reached the required age to access this website, are requested to immediately exit the mamounia.com website.COPYRIGHTThe entire website shall be governed by and construed in accordance with French and international copyright and intellectual property law. All photographs, text, slogans, drawings, images and animated sequences with or without sound, as well as all works integrated into the website, are the property of La Mamounia or third parties that have authorised La Mamounia to use same.
The logos, icons and graphics chips represented on the website are protected by copyright and Sections L.511.1 et seq. of France's Intellectual Property Code relating to the protection of registered designs. All reproduction rights are reserved and strictly limited, including for downloadable documents as well as iconographic and photographic representations.
The trademarks mentioned on this website have been registered by the companies owning such trademarks. Legal action may be taken in respect of any unauthorised use of any or all of these rights by third parties.WEBSITE CONTENTLa Mamounia disclaims any and all liability for any delays in updating the content of this website, as well as for any interruptions or temporary unavailability of the service. La Mamounia reserves the right to correct the content of the website at any time and without prior notice.
Reproductions of the said website and the works presented thereon, whether in hardcopy or electronic format, are authorised, provided that such reproductions are strictly reserved for personal and private use.
This excludes any use for advertising and/or commercial and/or information purposes, irrespective of whether they comply with the provisions of Section L.122-5 of France's Intellectual Property Code.
Any reproduction, representation, use or modification of the website, whether in whole or in part, by any process whatsoever and on any storage medium whatsoever, including all or part of the various works presented on the website, is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation from the publication director and constitutes an act of infringement, which may give rise to prosecution and/or civil action and the payment of damages.ACCESS TO THE WEBSITEUsers of the mamounia.com website acknowledge that they have the skills and means required to access and use this website.
La Mamounia disclaims all liability for any elements and events beyond its control relating to the use of the website and their effects or any hardware and/or software incompatibilities, or any damage that may be caused to the users' technical environment, including their computers, software, network hardware and any other hardware used to access and utilise the service and/or information.
Users are reminded that fraudulently accessing or remaining within an information system, impeding or falsifying the operation thereof, introducing or fraudulently modifying the data in such a system constitutes an offence subject to prosecution.HYPERTEXT LINKSThe mamounia.com website allows for the insertion of a hypertext link pointing to its content, provided that users:Obtain authorisation from the publication director of the websiteDo not use deep linking, meaning that the pages of the mamounia.com website must not be embedded within the pages of another site, but can be accessed by opening a dedicated window.Specify the source pointing directly to the targeted content by means of a hypertext link.Any use for commercial or advertising purposes is excluded, unless otherwise stipulated. Such authorisation does not apply to websites disseminating information of a contentious, pornographic or xenophobic nature, or information that could, to a large extent, be offensive to the general public. La Mamounia disclaims all liability in respect of the content of the websites proposed as links, irrespective of the type of link established from or pointing to mamounia.com. La Mamounia reserves the right to refuse any such links.PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATALa Mamounia undertakes to protect the privacy of its users in accordance with the regulations in force and, in particular, the European regulation on data protection.
To that end, La Mamounia implements all the technical and organisational measures needed to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the personal data collected and processed and, in particular, prevents it from being deformed, damaged or communicated to unauthorised third parties, thus ensuring a level of security that is adapted to risks concerning the processing and the type of data to protect.INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE SITEUsers may be required to communicate personal data to La Mamounia when completing the forms or questionnaires present on the site. All the data collected on this site, by whatever means, is for use by La Mamounia company, which reserves the right to communicate your personal data in order to comply with its legal obligations and, in particular, if it is forced to do so by judicial requisition.
La Mamounia only stores your personal data for the period required in order to carry out the object for which it was collected. In accordance with the law No. 09-08 and the European regulation on data protection which apply to the processing of personal data, you have the right to access, rectify, delete, limit and oppose the processing and portability of your personal data.
To exercise these rights, send a letter with confirmation of receipt to the following address: La Mamounia, Avenue Bab Jdid, Marrakech 40040-Morocco or by email at: FORMSReservations
	The information collected on this site using forms is subject to computer processing with a view to managing reservations in accordance with your request and ensuring that the payment is made correctly.
	 Newsletter By registering for our newsletter, you agree to the processing of the data you provided in this frame with a view to La Mamounia regularly sending news and exclusive offers to the address you supplied.
	 Recruitment
	With regard to recruitment, La Mamounia will collect the personal data you provided and will use it for the purpose of recruitment.SECURE PAYMENTFor your financial transactions, the mamounia.com website uses an external payment solution.
With this system, your credit card payment is made directly on the online bank's secure server.
At no time will your credit card number be disclosed to La Mamounia.ONLINE BOOKINGThe standard terms and conditions of sale and cancellation relating to online bookings or booking requests are specifically indicated in the relevant forms.
You can ask for a copy of the standard terms and conditions of sale at the above address. The online booking solutions require you to check the box entitled "I accept the standard terms and conditions of sale" prior to any purchase.
Tourist tax, if applicable, will be specified on the hotel's invoice. Tourist tax is not included in the amounts indicated at the time of booking. The application of such tax is beyond the control of La Mamounia.COOKIE POLICYUSE OF COOKIES ON THE MAMOUNIA.COM WEBSITEWhen visiting our website, information relating to your device's browsing history (PC, tablet, smartphone, etc.) on our website is likely to be saved in files called "cookies" that are subsequently stored on your device, subject to the settings that you may have defined regarding the use of cookies. Such settings can be modified at any time.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in a specific area of your device's hard drive when you view an online service with your browser.
A cookie enables the sender to identify the device on which it has been stored until the cookie expires or is deleted.WHAT DO WE USE COOKIES FOR ON OUR WEBSITE?Only the person sending a cookie is likely to read or amend the information contained in the cookie. The cookies that our website places on your device are used for the purposes described hereinafter, subject to the settings that you have defined in the browser that you used to visit our website and which you can modify at any time.We use cookies to:Produce statistics and measure how many people are visiting and using the various elements on our website (visited sections and content, journey, etc.), so that we can improve the value, look and feel of our services. Adapt our website's presentation to your device's display settings (language used, display resolution, operating system used, etc.) when visiting our website, depending on the hardware and software that your device uses to view or read content.Remember the information that you entered in a form on our website (registration, access to your account or authentication to access one of our group's services) or data relating to any products, services or information that you selected on our website (subscribed service, basket contents, etc.).Allow you to access restricted and personal areas on our website, including your account, using any login details or data that you may have previously provided.Implement security measures, such as when you are prompted to log into content or a service again after a certain period of time.COOKIES SENT FROM OUR WEBSITE BY THIRD PARTIESThe storage and use of third-party cookies are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties.
When we are aware of the presence of any third-party cookies, we will inform you of their purpose and the ways in which you can define your settings for those cookies.THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS INTEGRATED INTO OUR WEBSITEWe are likely to include third-party computer applications in our website, which you can use to share our website's content with other people or show other people your visit or your opinion regarding our website's content. This especially applies to the "Share" and "Like" buttons from such social networking sites as Facebook and Twitter. The social networking site providing this type of application button is likely to identify you with this button, even if you did not use the button when browsing our website.
This type of application button can be used by the social networking site to monitor your browsing history on our website, simply due to the fact that your social network account was activated on your device (open session) while browsing our website. We have no control over the process that social networking sites use to collect information relating to your browsing history on our website and associated with the personal information in their possession.
We would invite you to refer to the privacy policies of those social networking sites to determine the purposes, particularly advertising purposes, for which they might use the browsing information collected via such application buttons. The said privacy policies must enable you to define your permissions for those social networking sites, especially by configuring your account settings for each site.YOUR COOKIE SETTINGSSeveral possibilities are available for managing cookies. Any changes to your settings may modify your browsing on the Internet and your terms for accessing certain services that require the use of cookies. You can define or modify your cookie settings at any time using the methods described below. The settings available depend on your browser. You can configure your browser so that cookies are stored on your device or alternatively blocked, either systematically or according to the sender. You can also configure your browser to prompt you to accept or block a cookie before it is likely to be stored on your device.For further information, refer to the section entitled "How do you manage cookies according to your browser?"Accepting cookies: whether or not a cookie is placed on a device mainly depends on the user's settings, which can be freely defined and modified at any time via the settings available in the browser. If you have configured your browser to accept cookies on your device, the cookies built into the pages and content that you have viewed may be temporarily placed in a specific area of your device. The information contained in the cookie can only be read by the sender.Blocking cookies: if you prevent cookies from being stored on your device or if you delete any cookies already in the device's memory, you will no longer be able to access certain features that are nevertheless required to browse certain parts of our website. Such would be the case if you attempted to access content or services for which you must be signed in. Such would also be the case if either we or our providers, for the purposes of technical compatibility, were unable to recognise the type of browser used by your device, the language and display settings, or the country from which your device appeared to be accessing the Internet. If applicable, we disclaim all liability for any consequences arising from the reduced performance of our services caused by our inability to store or read the cookies required for the operation of such services and which you have blocked or deleted.How do you manage cookies according to your browser? To manage cookies and your settings, the configuration for each browser is different. The configuration is described in your browser's help menu, which will show you how to amend your cookie settings as required.
	For Chrome™: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=fr&co=GENIE.Platform=Desktopfor internet explorer™: https://support.microsoft.com/fr-fr/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesfor safari™: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?viewlocale=fr_FR&locale=fr_FRfor firefox™: https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies-preferences?redirectlocale=fr&redirectslug=Activer+et+d%C3%A9sactiver+les+cookiesfor opera™: http://help.opera.com/windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html,and so onFLASH© COOKIES FROM ADOBE FLASH PLAYER™Adobe Flash Player™ is a computer application that allows for the fast development of dynamic content using the Flash programming language. Flash (and applications of the same type) memorises the settings, preferences and use of such content using a similar technology to cookies. However, Adobe Flash Player™ manages such information and your settings with a different interface to the one provided by your browser. If you are likely to use your device to view content developed with the Flash programming language, we would invite you to access your Flash cookie management tools directly at the http://www.adobe.com/fr/ website.Depending on your settings and whether your device has been configured to accept cookies, we use cookies to:Produce statistics.Adapt the presentation of the website to which one of our advertising contents leads.
	According to your device's display settings (language used, display resolution, operating system used, etc.) when visiting our website, depending on the hardware and software that your device uses to view or read content.According to the location data (longitude and latitude) that we (or our providers) received from your device with your prior authorisation.Monitor your device's subsequent browsing on websites / applications.IF YOU SHARE YOUR DEVICE WITH OTHER PEOPLEIf your device is used by several people and if many browsers are installed on the same device, we cannot guarantee that the services and advertisements intended for your device will suit how you specifically use the device and not how another person uses the device. If applicable, sharing the use of your device with other people and the configuration of your browser's cookie settings are of your free choosing and your responsibility.LIST OF COOKIESCookies stored for essential purposes:These cookies are essential for the operation of the website. Without these cookies, it would be impossible to remember your choices and journey, such as not showing you a website's introductory animation if you have already seen it.PHPSESSIDUsed to identify you on our website and store your journey during the time of your visit.Traffic measurement and statistics cookies placed by Google Analytics:These cookies are used to determine the number of users and identify how they use the website. We use the information received to constantly improve your user experience.
The selected data cannot be used to identify a user, insofar as information is anonymous._utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmv et _utmzUsed to produce statistics and measure how many people are visiting and using the various elements on our website (visited sections and content, journey, etc.), so that we can improve the value, look and feel of our services.Cookies placed by third-party applications integrated into our website:We are likely to include third-party computer applications in our website, which you can use to share our website's content with other people or show other people your visit or your opinion regarding our website's content. This especially applies to the "Share" and "Like" buttons from such social networking sites as Facebook, Twitter and Google+. The social networking site providing this type of application button is likely to identify you with this button, even if you did not use the button when browsing our website.
This type of application button can be used by the social networking site to monitor your browsing history on our website, simply due to the fact that your social network account was activated on your computer (open session) while browsing our website. We have no control over the process that social networking sites use to collect information relating to your browsing history on our website and associated with the personal information in their possession.We would invite you to refer to the privacy policies of those social networking sites to determine the purposes, particularly advertising purposes, for which they might use the browsing information collected via such application buttons. The said privacy policies must enable you to define your permissions for those social networking sites, especially by configuring your account settings for each site.To see the privacy policy of the aforementioned social networking sites, click on the name of the required site:Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/cookiesTwitter: https://twitter.com/privacyGoogle+: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=fr&answer=95647Trivago: http://www.trivago.fr/static/corporate/cookie_policyTripadvisor: https://www.tripadvisor.fr/CookiePolicyCOPYRIGHTSAll rights reserved © Api & You.
All reproduction and distribution rights reserved © Api & You.