Toggle left nav 
Privacy Policy
MSM is committed to protecting your online privacy. The only information MSM obtains
                  about individual visitors to this web site is information supplied voluntarily by
                  the visitor. This policy outlines the practices of MSM regarding the collection and
                  use of your personal information from your visit to our web site.
               
 
Personally Provided Information
In general, you can visit official MSM web sites without revealing any personal information.
                  If you choose to provide us with any personal information by sending an email or by
                  filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through a MSM
                  web site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide
                  you with information or material that you request. We do not give, share, sell or
                  transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law.
               
 
Email Communications
Email communication that you send to us via the email links on our sites may be shared
                  with a customer service representative, employee, or medical expert that is most able
                  to address your inquiry. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once
                  communications are received.
               
 
Collection of Technical Information
MSM uses IP addresses (the Internet address of your computer) to help diagnose problems
                  with our servers and to administer our site. For instance, we run statistical software
                  to identify those parts of our site that are more heavily used and which portion of
                  our audience comes from within the MSM network. But, we do not link IP addresses to
                  anything personally identifiable.
               
 
Like many other web sites, portions of MSM’s web site might use cookies. This is typically
                  done to recognize you and your access privileges on the MSM web site. For instance,
                  using cookies prevents the user from needing to constantly reenter a password on every
                  site of MSM. These cookies get stored on your computer and never contain personal
                  data, and cannot be accessed remotely by anybody other than MSM.
               
 
While aggregate statistical reports may be generated based on site usage, no personally
                  identifiable information will ever be disseminated to any unaffiliated third party.
               
 
Security
While no computing environment can be 100% secure, it is MSM’s goal to maintain as
                  secure a technical environment as feasible given the current state of capabilities
                  and technologies. MSM will comply with all state and federal statutes requiring additional
                  safeguards for certain types of information, such as student personal information
                  and patient protected health information.
               
 
Links to Other Sites
Please note that some pages within MSM web site, for the convenience of users, are
                  linked to web sites not managed by the School. MSM does not review, control or take
                  responsibility for the content of these web sites. Once you link to another site,
                  you are subject to the privacy policy of the new web site.
               
 
 
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy at any time by posting
                  revisions on the MSM web site. By accessing or using the MSM web site, you agree to
                  be bound by all the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy as posted on the MSM
                  web site at the time of your access or use. If you do not agree to the terms of this
                  Privacy Policy or any revised statement, please exit the site immediately.
               
 
Complaint Process
If you have a complaint or problem, or if you believe your privacy rights have been
                  violated, you may email us at webmaster.@msm.edu. Please indicate the reason for contacting us. Our Marketing and Communications department
                  will forward your complaint to the appropriate MSM entity for response or resolution.
               
 
Disclaimer
No data protection method or combination of methods can be guaranteed as completely
                  secure. MSM is not responsible for and will not be held liable for disclosures of
                  your personal information due to errors in transmissions or unauthorized acts of third
                  parties. MSM cannot guarantee the privacy of your confidential information transmitted
                  to its web site should you choose not to use the appropriate secure on-line forms
                  provided in the relevant pages of the web site. By using this web site you agree to
                  the terms and conditions outlined in this Privacy Policy statement.
               
 
Copyright ©Morehouse School of Medicine 2014. All rights reserved. 

