Digistore24 Privacy Policy
Effective Date: October 1st, 2018
Digistore24 Inc. (“Digistore24,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to help you understand how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of individuals who visit our website www.digistore24.com and mobile application (our “Properties”). 
What information do we collect?
When you register to use our Properties, you may voluntarily provide personal information, including your name, address, email address, payment information such as bank details or PayPal email address or additional information you choose to provide to us.  You may also provide contact information such as your name and email address when you subscribe to receive our newsletter, contact us using our contact form or our email contact feature, or when you utilize the comment feature on the Digistore24 blog. 
In addition to personal information, we may also gather technical information including, but not limited to, IP address, browser type and version used, operating system, internet service provider, location of visitors (country, city), pages visited, device type, and time and date of visit.  We and our service providers may use cookies or similar technology to collect such information.  Please see below for more information about analytics activities. 
We may also collect geolocation data pertaining to your mobile device.  This data may consist of precise latitude/longitude coordinates and may be linked to a device ID.  We may use this information to provide our services to you and to provide more relevant advertising content to you.  If you do not want to provide your location to us, please use the settings available on your mobile device to limit this sharing.  Please note that if you limit sharing of geolocation data, certain features of the mobile application may not work.
How do we use your information?
 We may use the personal and technical information we collect for any lawful purpose.  These purposes include, but are not limited to, the following:

To provide our services, including to process requests for information;  
To respond to your inquiries;
To send newsletters;
To communicate with visitors to our Properties, our customers, and others; 
For business purposes, such as analytics, research, advertising and marketing, and operational purposes;
For affiliate tracking;
To maintain, operate, customize, and improve the Properties;
To comply with law enforcement and maintain the security of our Properties; or
As otherwise disclosed at the time of collection or use.

Do we share your information?
We may share the personal information with third parties, including:

With third-parties that provide services on our behalf;
For their direct marketing purposes;
As part of a sale, merger or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our assets including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding; 
Pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process or as otherwise required or requested by law, regulation, or government authority programs, or to protect our rights or the rights or safety of third parties; or
With your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing. 

We may share technical information, as well as any other information that has been de-identified or aggregated so that it does not identify you personally, without restriction.
Digital Advertising & Analytics
We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated platforms.  Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of our website and other sites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices.  This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.
Digistore24 adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with this interest-based advertising activity.  [NOTE: Please note that this statement should not be provided until Digistore24 is in compliance with these Principles.]  You may visit the DAA Webchoices tool at www.aboutads.info to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt out of this advertising on websites by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program.  If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA Webchoices tool.  Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications.  It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests.  Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, our Properties may not function as intended. 
If you wish to opt-out of interest based advertising in mobile apps on your device by companies that participate in the DAA’s AppChoices app, you may download that app onto your device and exercise your choice.  AppChoices is available at the links below:
DAA AppChoices iOS
DAA AppChoices Android
DAA AppChoices Amazon
You may also limit data collection by third parties by using your mobile device settings. 
We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Properties and other sites over time for non-advertising purposes.  For example, the Properties use Google Analytics to improve the performance of the Properties and for other analytics purposes.  For more information about how Google collects and uses data when you use our Properties, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. 
Third-Party Links and Tools
 Our Properties may provide links to third-party websites or apps, including our social media pages. We do not control the privacy practices of those websites or apps, and they are not covered by this privacy policy.  You should review the privacy policies of other websites or apps that you use to learn about their data practices.
Our Properties may also include integrated social media tools or “plug-ins,” such as social networking tools offered by third parties.  If you use these tools to share personal information or you otherwise interact with these features on our Properties, those companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public.  Your interactions with third-party companies and your use of their features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide those features.  We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of any accounts you create and use.
Your Choices/California Privacy Rights
As noted above, we may disclose your information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  If you would like to opt out of such disclosures, please contact us at [Please insert the appropriate email address]. 
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may make changes to our privacy policy.  If we do, we will post these changes on this page.  You should visit our privacy policy periodically to learn of any updates.
Contact Us
 If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at: 
Digistore24 Inc.
360 Central Avenue, Suite 800
St. Petersburg, Florida 33701
Tel: +1-727-485-0149
Email: datenschutz@digistore24.com
