The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of The Sunday Business Post for the website: www.businesspost.ie.IP addressWe use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address may also be used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.Other SitesThis site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites.Order FormsOur site may use an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We may collect visitor’s contact information (like email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form may be used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings: see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.Competitions and PromotionsWe may run competitions and promotions on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like an email address). We use contact data from our competitions and promotions to send users information about our company and we may also do that to send promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.AdvertisingWe may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our website, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company and we do not have access to this information.SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.Children’s GuidelinesBy its nature, this site can collect contact information from children without prior parental consent or parental notification. To that end, we recommend that this service is not used unsupervised by children.Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.1. You can send an email to helpdesk@businesspost.ie2. Unsubscribe using the instructions that were sent to you when you first subscribed or select the unsubscribe option that is included on every email communication you receive from businesspost.ie3. You can send mail to the following postal address:Webmaster, The Sunday Business Post, Hambleden House, 19-26 Lower Pembroke Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.4. You can call the following telephone number: +353-1-6026000 Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.1.Email: helpdesk@businesspost.ie2. Send mail to the following postal address:Webmaster, The Sunday Business Post, Hambleden House, 19-26 Lower Pembroke Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.3.Call the following telephone number: +353-1-6026000 If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:Webmaster, The Sunday Business Post, Hambleden House, 19-26 Lower Pembroke Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. helpdesk@businesspost.ie