
Privacy Policy and Cookies on Walkhighlands
Whenever you visit Walkhighlands, information may be collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies. By using Walkhighlands you agree to our use of cookies as described in this policy.
REGISTERED USERS
You can register on Walkhighlands to receive the benefits of free membership, including our email newsletter. Your member account will contain a uniquely identifiable name (your username), a password used for logging into your account and a personal, valid e-mail address. Your information for your account at 'Walkhighlands' is protected by data-protection laws applicable in Scotland. Your password is encrypted using a one-way hash and so is not accessible to Walkhighlands staff.
Your email address will be used to send you our regular email newsletters (via Amazon SES email service), and to send any forum-related notifications you may have requested. If you change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our newsletter by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter. We will not pass your email address to anyone else unless required to do so by law, but do be aware that emails can be intercepted in transit and so are not a secure message of communication.
Please note that if you have posted as part of a forum discussion, the posts you made will continue to form part of the discussion even if your account on Walkhighlands is closed; this protects the legitimate interests of the forum community by maintaining the integrity of discussions. The IP address used to make posts and register accounts is permanently stored solely for the purpose of being able to moderate the forum and uphold the moderation policy, again in the legitimate interest of preventing posting of illegal material and misuse by hackers, spammers and trolls.
COOKIES ON WALKHIGHLANDS
Cookies are small text files which are downloaded to your computer or mobile phone when you visit a webpage. Your web browser sends these cookies back to the website or application on each pageview so that they can recognise you and remember things like which user you are, or your preferences.
Whilst you are visiting Walkhighlands, there are several types of cookie that may be set on your computer, tablet or mobile phone:
Functional cookies
These cookies allow us to know which user you are when you are logged in, so that you can make posts, record which hills you have climbed etc. They also provide enhanced, more personal features, such as the GPS planner remembers where on the map you were last viewing, so that the planner opens at the same place the next time you visit it, and if you decide to shortlist accommodation options a cookie remembers which you have shortlisted so you can find them again. They remember whether you have already been shown information such as our latest gps planner updates, so you are not shown the messages over and over again. These cookies do not gather any information about you that could be used for selling advertising.
Analytics cookies
In common with almost all websites, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people use Walkhighlands. These cookies are served by Google - a third party. We choose the 'Anonymize IP' option so that the analytics data does not contain any information that identifies you personally. Instead they enable us to see which parts of the website are most popular, and how they are being used. This enables us to enhance the site. They also track aggregate data, such as the amount of map usage so that we can pay the correct royalty due to the Ordnance Survey, and the number of times external links have been clicked. You can read Google's privacy policy here.
Advertising cookies
Third party cookies (served by Google's Adsense) assist the recording of the amount of advertising we have served and cap the number of times you are shown any advert. Walkhighlands has opted-out from running any personalised (or behavioural) advertising, so no personal data about your browsing habits or interests is gathered or passed on. It is still possible that you may be served adverts on Walkhighlands based on your previous interactions with advertisers on other websites, but Walkhighlands does not process, have access to or contribute to this data. You can read how Google uses data here.
Walkhighlands also contains some affiliate marketing links, which means we get paid commission on sales of products or services which you choose to make after clicking on a link; this includes links posted by users on the forum as we use the Skimlinks.com service to enable commission to be paid for these links. Our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers or affiliate partnerships. Skimlinks and other affiliate networks can use this data to ensure commissions are paid under legitimate interests. You can read Skimlinks own site for information on the cookies they use. We have opted out of the Skimlinks audience program so that your data is not used for targetting ads.
Social media cookies
Walkhighlands does not run any code from social media sites, share any of our data with them, or serve cookies from them.
HOW TO CONTROL YOUR COOKIES
Please remember that Walkhighlands does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you, except to remember which username you are if you choose to register a personal account, so that you can post on the forum and mark the hills you have climbed. If you restrict the use of cookies generally this will inhibit the use of the site and disable such features.
We do not use behavioural adveritising cookies. You can opt of these on other websites by visiting www.youronlinechoices.com
To control other cookies, you can follow the links below for the help files for your browser. Changing these settings will not just affect Walkhighlands. These changes will apply to all websites that you visit (unless you choose to block cookies from just individual sites).
Modern browsers enable you to:
See what cookies you've got and delete them
Block third party cookies
Block cookies from particular sites
Block cookies completely
Delete all cookies when you close your browser
You should be aware that any preferences will be lost if you delete cookies. This includes any opt-outs for behavioural advertising you may have set as described above, as remembering that you do not want this type of cookies itself requires another cookie to be set. If you block cookies completely some features of Walkhighlands will not work at all, and others will be impaired.  We do not recommend turning cookies off when using Walkhighlands.
The following links go to the help sections for the major browsers.
Internet Explorer: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/196955
Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies
Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Opera: http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
Safari: http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/5.0/en/9277.html
Safari iOS: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677
Android: http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=169022
Windows Phone: http://www.microsoft.com/windowsphone/en-us/howto/wp7/web/changing-privacy-and-other-browser-settings.aspx



