Privacy Policy
At Brand g Vacations, we believe that it is extremely important to protect the privacy of our customers. We are providing this privacy policy to help you better understand the ways in which your personal information is gathered and used. Our Privacy Policy states the principles and practices that apply to our website and use of information that you or our travel providers provide us, by telephone, email, or through our website. By visiting http://www.brandgvacations.com, you accept the policies described in this Privacy Policy.
Brand g Vacations and their affiliated technology and marketing agencies, and travel agency distributors will not sell or share your personally identifiable information with any third party company or agency without your permission.
If you choose to receive emails, Brand g Vacations will occasionally send you emails promoting vacation travel and other information. You may unsubscribe from receiving emails at any time by emailing us at info@brandgvacations.com.
Brand g Vacations may send our customers travel documents via the mail upon request. Mailing lists compiled from the information you provide will only be used by Brand g Vacations for its own marketing efforts, and will not be sold or shared with any third parties.
The information you supply when you send a request to a travel agent is a confidential communication between you and the travel agency. Brand g Vacations makes no guarantees as to the way in which the travel agencies will use or protect the information you send them.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please call us at 800.433.4303 or send an email to info@brandgvacations.com.
Personal data
Contact forms
We collect personal information you voluntarily provide to us when you visit our site and inquire about our cruises and tours. By providing personal information to us, you are giving your consent and permission for any use of the personal information that is consistent with the uses stated in this policy, at the point you submit such information, and such consent will be presumed by Brand g, unless you expressly state otherwise at the time you submit the information. If you do not agree to the uses stated in this policy, please do not use the website or provide us with personal information.
Booking forms
Brand g also collects information when you book a vacation, which may include: your name, address, date of birth, passport information, phone number, email address, bedding preference, dietary restrictions, and emergency contact information. Again, if you do not agree to our privacy policy, please do not provide us with any personal information.
Analytics
In addition to any personal information you may voluntarily provide to us, this website also collects general information regarding visitors and users of this website as it relates to their use of the website.  This information is collected automatically each time a user navigates our site. Analytics includes, but is not limited to, information such as traffic patterns, number, frequency and duration of visits to certain pages, visits from other websites or to third-party websites linked to this site, use of particular services and interest in services. This information is anonymous and is useful for improving the content and navigational tools of our website.
Cookies
If our contact and dealing with you is via our site(s), cookies may be used. To find out more about the types of cookies on our sites, how we use cookies, to disable them or to change your preference and more, please see our Cookies Policy. By using our site(s), you consent to our use of cookies.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. It is your responsibility to check the status of these sites before using them. Please read their applicable terms and conditions carefully.
Who we share your data with
We will not share your information unless you authorize us to. We only share your information with third parties to perform activities on our behalf:

Vendors and preferred suppliers
Online booking tool providers
Payment processors and banks
Email service providers

These contractors have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but are not permitted to use it for other purposes. Third parties with whom we share your Personal Information may have their own privacy policies contained in their linked websites, and we strongly encourage you to read those privacy statements.
Additional information
Children
Brand g does not sell travel or other services for purchase by children. Please be aware that Brand g has not designed this Website for, and does not intend for it to be used by, anyone under age 18. Accordingly, this Website should not be used by anyone under age 18. Brand g specifically requests that persons under the age of 18 not use this Website or submit information to the Website. Brand g does not knowingly collect information from children under 18. If you are under 18, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to Brand g. If a minor has provided the Company with Personal Information, a parent or guardian of that minor may contact us via email at info@brandgvacations.com; or by telephone +1.952.405.9309. If Brand g discovers that a minor has provided us with any personal information, that minor’s information will be removed from the our database.
California Privacy Rights
This notification is required under California law. Under California law, California residents may opt-out of the Company disclosing personal information about them to third parties for their marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and do not want us to disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes, please contact us by using the details provided under the “Your Rights” section above. Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. To request a copy of such information, please contact us using the details provided under the “Your Rights” section above, and we will respond within 30 days as required by law.
International Users
Brand g’s website is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to users in the United States. If you are accessing the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
updated: May 2018

