
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website or application. The website or application may retrieve these cookies from your web browser each time you visit, so they can recognise you, remember your preferences and provide you with a more secure or improved online experience. They do not contain or save any sensitive information about you:

They don’t store your name
They don’t store your address
They don’t store any payment details
You will not receive any calls or mail as a result of a cookie

By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to use our cookies; alternatively you can manage them in your browser setting (see Managing Cookies). NB. If you decide to disable them, then you may not be able to access many of the features within our website and access areas like your account.
Our cookies and what they do for you?
When you use our website, the following four types of cookie may be set on your device:





 


Type of cookie
Description
Name
Expiry time


Essential cookies
Our website won’t work properly without these cookies. They help you to move around the secure areas of the site e.g. shopping baskets, billing etc.
contisculture_+UserKeycontisculture_+0credecardlogin
7 days7 days30 mins


Cookies for website information
These cookies collect anonymous information about how visitors use our site. Solely used to improve the experience.
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmt_utmz_ga_gatUACode
2 years10 minsBrowsing ends10 mins7 months2 years10 mins30 mins


Cookies for saving your settings
These cookies remember details inputted by you so you don’t have to repeat the action e.g. filling a form, permissions etc.
_PHPSESSIDWEBCRMSCHEMID_ +UserIDWebsiteCRM_+UserID
When browsing ends1 day30 mins


Cookies for targeting
When you visit the site, these cookies will recognise which parts of the website are interesting to you and to show you pages and adverts we think you’ll like.
No cookies exist at this present time



This cookie list is kept up-to-date as possible.
Managing cookies
Your chosen browser will offer cookie management options within their tools. You can set the browser to accept cookies only from specific websites (e.g. this website). More importantly, browsers can also enable you to delete specific cookies. It is even possible to set a browser to reject all cookies. Please be aware that if you choose to block all cookies, our site will not function as intended and you will not be able to use or access many of the services we provide. Rather than blocking all cookies, you can choose to only block third-party cookies which will still allow our website to function as intended.
Third party links
As you browse our website you may click on third party links. Contis is not responsible for the content or privacy polices of any linked websites. You should check the individual privacy polices accordingly. We will be happy to clarify any information we hold on you, if you make a formal written request. You can then check, update or delete your details accordingly.
For more information
You can learn more about the use of cookies by visiting: www.aboutcookies.org

