
PRIVACY POLICY
  Prothom Alo is committed  to protecting your personal information when you are using the website of  Prothom Alo or an application developed by Prothom Alo. This Privacy Policy  relates to use of any personal information that it collects from visitors/readers  via following, among other, services:

any Prothom Alo website that links to this privacy and cookies policy; 
social media or official Prothom Alo content       on other websites; 
mobile device and/or applications (“Apps”)

In all the above services, the  Privacy Policy shall apply only when the application, website or contents  therein are generated by Prothom Alo.
Prothom Alo collects or  receives information about its users for many purposes; for instance, to  provide services designed to serve the user, to monitor and improve the  services offerings, for marketing or targeting advertisement etc. Such information  may include your name, address, phone number, email address, age, social  network account etc. (“the Information”). 
There may be other privacy  policies that apply to certain services provided by www.prothom-alo.com . Visitors  are requested to read these while registering or subscribing to these services  on these sites. It is Prothom Alo’s endeavor to protect the information  received from its visitors/readers. Prothom Alo respects  privacy of its visitors/readers and makes use its  best effort to ensure that the information collected is used for the limited  purpose for which it was received.
How Prothom Alo collects the information
  Prothom Alo collects  information on a user upon the user’s access to the Prothom Alo website – (i) by  registering to the site or application, (ii) subscribing to the newsletter, (iii)  responding to a survey or participating in a competition, (iv) logging in to a  site or page, etc.

Disclosure of Information Collected

  Prothom  Alo does not sell, trade or otherwise provide personally identifiable  information to any other parties except for those that assist Prothom Alo in  operating its website, conducting the business and serving the users. It may  share visitor's/reader's personal information internally to understand user  base, promote the number of users and increase user engagement.
  In the event that Prothom Alo  desires to use personal information in a different way than that described  above it shall seek consent of the individual. Prothom Alo may release  personally identifiable information if it is required to comply with the laws  of Bangladesh. 
Notwithstanding anything  contained in this Privacy Policy, Prothom Alo may disclose or share information  collected including personal information to service providers, affiliate  companies, consultants or advisors or Partners that it has engaged to perform  business-related functions on its behalf. Prothom Alo may also share the  information in response to legal process, or protect its interest in any forum.  The information may be used for investigating or preventing potentially illegal  activities, or situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or the  services, or violations of our policies, the law or our Terms of Use as well as to verify or  enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services. The information  may as well be shared to offer market products or services to the visitors/readers.  However, in all these events or any other event when a personal information is  shared or disclosed, Prothom Alo shall use its best endeavors to control the  share or disclosure and shall only share to such extent as it is required to  meet the purpose.
Data  Retention 

  We shall hold visitors/readers personal  information if your account exists with Prothom Alo. Notwithstanding, Prothom  Alo may retain data for a further period as per its own internal data retention  policy. Visitor's/reader's personal information shall be deleted upon expiry of  your Prothom Alo account. Please note that there may be events when the  erasing/deleting of information may take more time than usual, and Prothom Alo  shall not hold any responsibility in such events. 
Advertisement
  The advertisements included in  the Prothom Alo website and mobile apps, are by third-party companies & ad  networks through independent ad tags, which may collect information about users  for which Prothom Alo shall bear no responsibility that may arise as a result  of collecting and/or sharing the information’s with any other party.
  Prothom Alo shall not accept  any liability that may arise as a result of any content of any advertisement  that may appear on the Prothom Alo website.
Third Party Advertisements and links
  At the discretion of Prothom  Alo, the website or application may display or allow advertisements of third  party services or products. These third-party sites may have separate and  independent privacy policies. Prothom Alo accepts no responsibility or  liability for the content of advertising material, including, without  limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein. 
  Prothom Alo does not hold any  responsibility for information leakage due to the visitor/reader accessing to a  separate link, application or website, whether through a link in the website or  contents of Prothom Alo.
Use of Cookies
  Prothom Alo does not collect any user data  based on cookies, neither does it store any sort of user information that may be  personal to the user. 
If a third party associated with the Prothom  Alo website collects user cookies upon your visit to the Prothom Alo website,  Prothom Alo does not control the use of these cookies therefore you should  check the relevant third-party website.  
Demographic and purchase information:We may reference other sources of  demographic and other information to provide you with more targeted  communications and promotions. We use Google Analytics, among others, to track  the user behavior on our website. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for  Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads  Settings options provided by Google.
Communication by Prothom Alo 
  From time to time, Prothom Alo may contact its  users via e-mail, phone or SMS for invitation for participation in campaigns/competitions  organized by Prothom Alo, feedback, survey etc, based on the information it had  received from the users.
Accessing the website from outside Bangladesh   
  All personal information submitted by users  outside Bangladesh will be processed in accordance with these Terms of Use and  Privacy Policy. 
Governing  Law
  The laws that govern Privacy Policy of Prothom  Alo and its relationship with the user is the laws of Bangladesh and any dispute  regarding the use, retention, disclosure, leakage or dissemination of the  information or date can only be raised before the courts of Bangladesh which  shall have exclusive jurisdiction on this matter. The entire Privacy Policy  shall apply to all who enters the website, receives service or uses application  from Prothom Alo regardless of their nationality, location, residence or place  of business.
Modification of Privacy Policy
  Prothom Alo reserves the right to amend,  modify, alter, or omit any terms in the Privacy Policy at any time but the  changed policy shall be immediately uploaded or updated in the website. By  continuing to use our services after any changes are made, you accept those  changes and will be bound by them. We encourage you to periodically check back  and review this policy so that visitors/readers will always know what  information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
Opt-out
  If, at any time, the users prefer not to  receive email containing marketing information from us, then the user can simply  follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each email.
If the users no longer wish to have a  registered account, the user may terminate the account by sending an email to  the following address: web.it@prothom-alo.info 
 
