
Solitaire Network Privacy Policy:
Solitaire Network does not require Login or Registration. We  do not attempt to learn your identity in any way unless you offer it to us via email, or a form, or through use of a social network.
Solitaire Network collects aggregate data such as the percentage of users using a certain browser, how many times games are played, how many players are currently playing, and other similar types of information that do not identify you personally.
Solitaire Network uses social network features from Facebook that are displayed while you are logged into Facebook. While using these features, Solitaire Network may display limted personal information about you such as your real name and image, and whether you "Liked" certain games. Solitaire Network does not store this information nor use it outside of the context of the social network's services. To prevent this, simply log out of Facebook before visiting Solitaire Network. You can also review Facebook's Data Policy.
Solitaire Network uses cookies to store your game and site preferences for such things as which card size you prefer, whether you like to have sounds on or off when you enter a game, results of games won, and other features such as these. A cookie, as used by Solitaire Network, is simply a text file that stores simple numbers on your computer. It is not a program that can harm your computer. The SolitaireNetwork.com website does not use cookies as a personal tracking mechanism. If you do not allow cookies, then these game services and perhaps others will not operate.
Solitaire Network uses third-party vendors including Google Adsense and Google Analytics when you visit this website. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve personalized ads to you based on your visit to Solitaire Network and other websites and apps. You can learn how Google uses your information and your ad choices, including how to opt-out of personalized ads, by visiting How Google uses your data.

