
Private Policy
This privacy policy applies to the National Football League Players Association (“NFLPA”) Website located at NFLPLAYERS.COM and its affiliated websites (the "Website(s)"). The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you.
The Website(s) is operated by NFLPA.
When this privacy policy uses the term "personally identifiable information" or "personal information," we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as your full name, street address or email address. When other information, such as a favorite team or player, is associated with personal information, it also becomes personally identifiable information for the purposes of this privacy policy.
Please read the information below to learn more about our data collection policies and practices.
 
TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED
The following are the types of information we may collect:
Information You Provide Us: In the course of using the Website(s), we may ask you to provide us with certain information, such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number, unique identifiers, such as your user ID or user password, demographic information, such as your date of birth, age, gender, education, household income, occupation, favorite team, favorite player, game attendance, home ownership, marital status, or number of children, or similar information.
Site Usage Information: We may receive and store certain types of internet usage information whenever you visit the Website(s), such as your IP address.
Email Communications: When you open emails from us, we may receive a confirmation noting you opened the email, if your computer supports such capabilities. We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from our subsidiaries and affiliates. Additionally, we keep a record of what communications you have opted to receive or not to receive.
Information from Other Sources: We may receive information about you from other sources and add it to the personal information we have collected.
 
HOW INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED
We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Website(s), including but not limited to those described below:
Registration: You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Website(s) may choose to offer, such as newsletters or contests. Participation in registration is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website(s).
Newsletters and Website Emails: We offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Website(s), about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, or about our marketing partners, advertisers and sponsors. You may receive a newsletter either by registration for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Website(s). Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website(s). You may also cancel your free email subscription by following the instructions provided on the Website(s) or in the newsletters or email.
Contests or Sweepstakes: We may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Website(s) that may require registration or the submission of personal information. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website(s). Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes, (see the rules of each contest for details about how your personal information will be used). We may also ask your permission to allow us to publicly post some of your information on the Website(s), such as on a winner's page, in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes. Except as required by applicable law, we will not post your information without your permission. In some instances, a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Website(s) and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes, we do not collect your information and we have no control over the information collected from you. Accordingly, we urge you to review the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating.
Surveys or voting: From time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or voting poll. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website(s).
Games: When your register to play games on our Website(s), you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information.
Cookies: As with many Websites, our Website(s) uses a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a unique, random number that is stored in the browser on your computer. The cookie doesn't actually identify you, just the computer that is used to visit the site. Cookies automatically identify your browser to the Website(s) whenever your computer is used to visit the Website(s). Cookies also let us know how many people visit our Website(s) and where visitors go on the site(s). In addition, cookies can let us know non-personally identifiable information, like what web browser is being used to access the Website(s). For registered users, cookies can make using the Website(s) easier for you by saving information such as your passwords or preferences. By tracking how and when you use the Website(s), cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Website(s) are based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the Website(s). Cookies may also allow the Website(s) to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, your browser should contain an option that allows you to disable or delete cookie data at any time. Some areas of the Website(s), however, may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of your cookies.
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technology: Our Website(s) uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, including Web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Websites. We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our Website(s), such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Website(s). These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another part y authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our guests to determine whether our guests have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.
IP Addresses and Click-Stream Data: We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data. An IP address is a number associated with the service through which you access the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we also use IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors, for example regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request and the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us determine how visitors arrive at the Website, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like.
Transaction Information: If you conduct a financial transaction with our Website(s), such as order information from our Website(s), buy our products, or subscribe to services offered on our Website(s), we may ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including contact information, demographic information and financial information. We may use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the information, products or other services that you order, and to invoice you. For your protection, such information is collected and stored through encrypted means.
 
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
As applicable, the information you provide to us may be used to:

contact you about the Website(s);
contact you relating to your membership status; confirm or fulfill an order you have made;
inform you of a prize you have won;
contact you about upcoming promotions, events or campaigns;
monitor or improve the use of the Website(s); customize the advertising and content you see;
monitor compliance with our Terms of Use of the Website(s); and
send you promotional material or special offers on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties

 
WITH WHOM THE INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED
At times, we may share your personal information with others for various purposes. The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others and the ways in which you may opt-out of having your information shared:
Agents: We employ other businesses, certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing the Website(s), analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for their own purposes, like sending you marketing offers about their products.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information, such as demographics and Website usage statistics with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations. When this type of information is shared, the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information.
Opt-In/Opt-Out Offers: When you provide us with personal information, you may be presented with the opportunity to share personal information with third parties for various purposes, such as receiving information or special offers. An opt-in/opt-out message will ask you if you would like your information to be shared. When you allow us to have your personal information with third parties, we require third parties who have access to that information to agree to abide by this privacy policy. Once the information is transferred, however, we cannot control the privacy practices of these other companies.
Third-Party Offers: throughout the Website(s) you may be presented with opportunities to receive special offers from third parties. By participating in these offers, you consent to allowing your information to be shared with third parties. When you allow us to share your personal information with third parties, we require third parties who have access to that information to agree to abide by this privacy policy. However, we cannot control the privacy practices of these other companies and you should review their privacy policies prior to providing your personally identifiable information.
Other Promotional Offers: We may send offers to you on behalf of our marketing partners. When we do this, we do not give that partner your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, you may use the opt-out method detailed in the email.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information (including, without limitation, personally identifiable information) with our subsidiaries and affiliates. If you do not want us to share your information with our subsidiaries and affiliates, you may use the opt-out method detailed in the email.
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience & Traffic Measurement Services: The Website(s) may use a third party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the Website(s) or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the Website(s). Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Website(s) and other websites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in. Audience & Traffic Measurement Services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the Website(s) by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. Although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the Website(s) cookies, the Website's advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. Cookies allow third party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Please click here in order to learn more about the information collection practices and "opt-out" procedures of traffic measurement services we may use.
Business Transfers: In the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party, or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred, all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer.
Administrative or Legal Process: Your personal information may be transferred to third parties without notice to you in order to comply with applicable law, law enforcement agencies, to protect our rights, or protect the rights of other uses of the Website(s).
 
CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND MESSAGE BOARDS
The Website(s) may make chat rooms, forums and message boards available to its users. You are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas except in login-specific areas, but may choose to do so. IF you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.
 
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
You should be aware that when you are on the Website(s) you could be directed to other websites beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off the Website(s) onto a different website. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and marketing partners. These other websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a website that is linked to the Website(s), you should consult that website's privacy policy before providing any personal information.
 
SECURITY
The Website(s) incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and incorporates reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. Your personally identifiable information is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised accordingly. We will protect the personal information we collect with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Our employees
Access to your information is restricted to authorized employees who have a legitimate business purpose for accessing it.  Unauthorized access to or disclosure of user information by our employees is prohibited.
Security measures
These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information, SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely or PCI Scanning to actively protect our servers from hackers and other vulnerabilities. 
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social insurance numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
 
A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY
The Website(s) is a general audience website. We do not currently collect any personal information from individuals under the age of thirteen on the Website(s). If in the future, we collect personal identifiable information from children, we will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) including, without limitation, obtaining necessary parental consent.
The Internet offers children wonderful education and entertainment resources. Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience. We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association's website (www.the-dma.org) and explore the Get CyberSavvy! Program as well as the GetNetWise website (www.getnetwise.org) to learn more about parental control tools.
 
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO THE POLICY
By using this Website(s), you signify your agreement to the terms of our privacy policy. We may amend this privacy policy at any time. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on our Website(s) and/or send an email to users who have provided an email address. If you do not respond to our email within thirty days or continue to use the Website(s) thirty days after a notice is posted, we will assume that you have given your permission for your personal information to be used under the terms of the new privacy policy. Please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address.
 
CORRECTING/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If your personal information changes (such as your email address or zip code), or if you no longer desire to access our Website(s), we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the personal information you have provided to us. This can be done by emailing us at webadmin@nflplayers.com.
 
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of NFLPA who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to webadmin@nflplayers.com or write us at CA Privacy Rights, NFLPA, 1133 20th St., NW, Washington, DC 20036.
 
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the privacy policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. 
 
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Website(s), contact webadmin@nflplayers.com.


