
Which Data We Collect And Process

In General.
Runtastic processes personal data that you as a user of the Products make available to us, for example by using our Products, and that others provide to us (“Data”).




Data You Provide to Us.


Registration Information


Mandatory Information:
You have to provide us with certain information in order to register with us:


email address or phone number;
first and last name;
gender;
birthdate.


Optional Information:
Certain information is optional during registration and can also be added or deleted later on by you, such as:


personal information: height and weight, address (street, postcode, city, country), profile picture, family status;
units: distance, weight, temperature;
reason and motivation: sports level; description; motivation for doing sports;
education and job: school, university; company, type of job;
contact information: phone number, website; Twitter, Skype.


Health & Fitness Activity Information


fitness activities: e.g. start time, duration, distance, calories, elevation, heart rate, and location data;
nutrition logging: e.g. time, calories, meal information (name, type, macronutrients, micronutrients);
personal goals: e.g. yearly running goal, weight goal;
training plan information: e.g. start date, training plan, associated fitness activities;
event participation: e.g. event name, time, location;
routes: e.g. name, description, location data;
photos: including location data;
LIVE Tracking, see Section 5.2;
equipment information: e.g. shoe information (brand, model, size, color, picture).


Friendship and Group Information


sent friendship requests: time, user;
accepted friendship requests: time, user;
group participation: group name, time joined.


Payment and Subscription Information.
We use payment providers (e.g. Apple, Google, Adyen, PayPal) to process payments. Although we do not store any credit card information ourselves, we store a payment ID number that is given out by the respective provider and can be allocated to a person by that payment provider, as well as duration of your subscription, price, currency, VAT (based on country info), and payment provider.


Phone Book Contact List


If you explicitly allow us to access your phone book, we will compare the email addresses of your contacts with email addresses from registered users of Runtastic and send you a list with friend suggestions. We do not store this information in any way.




Data from Others.


Registration via Facebook or Google


If you register a Runtastic account via social login, we will receive the following information:


Facebook Inc. (1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, “Facebook”): First and last name, email address, gender, birthdate, profile picture;
Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, “Google”): First and last name, email address, gender, birthdate; and profile picture.


Facebook Friend List


We will receive information about your friends on Facebook if you explicitly allow us to access it. We will use this information to make friend suggestions in the Products, but do not store it.


Import Fitness Activity Information from Connected Accounts


General.
We offer an automatic import of your fitness activity information from other platforms like Garmin, Nokia Health (Withings), and Fitbit. You have to explicitly agree to connect your account from those platforms to your Runtastic account beforehand in order to import such data.


Apple HealthKit.
We use Apple’s (Apple Inc., 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA; “Apple”) HealthKit (for more information see
here
) framework, which provides a central repository for health and fitness data on iPhone and Apple Watch and – with the user’s explicit consent – lets apps communicate with the HealthKit store to access and share this data. We process the following Data, obtained through the HealthKit framework and the Apple CoreMotion processor (for more information see
here
), for the purposes described below and with explicit consent by the user: steps, calories, distance, duration, and heart rate. New data attributes may be added to the HealthKit framework, which will be portrayed in the Product and which you have to consent to. Runtastic and Runtastic’s analytics service providers may analyze engagement data for research purposes designed to provide a personalized experience and motivate engagement in healthy habits. Runtastic does not use information gained through the HealthKit framework for advertising or similar services. You can always stop Runtastic from accessing your data by changing the settings of your mobile device.


Google Fit.
We use Google’s Fit SDK (for more information see
here
) which is an open platform that lets users control their fitness data. We process the following Data, obtained through the Google Fit SDK, for the purposes described below and with explicit consent by the user: steps, calories, distance, duration, and heart rate. New data attributes may be added to the Google Fit framework, which will be portrayed in the Product and which you have to consent to.


adidas


If you explicitly agree to connect your adidas account with Runtastic, certain information may be exchanged between adidas and Runtastic. Please see the separate
adidas – Runtastic Privacy Notice
for more information on such data exchange (e.g. which data, for what purposes, storage period).




Service Use


Google Analytics


This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google. Google Analytics uses cookies.
See our Cookie Policy
for more information on cookies and how to opt-out of them. We use Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. The Products use Google Analytics in conjunction with the option “_anonymizeIP()”. This means, IP addresses are processed in a shortened form in order to prevent transmission of any personal data. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.


Google Analytics for Mobile


General.
For Apps on iOS and Android we use Google’s Google Analytics for Mobile (for more information see
here
). User data is transmitted in an anonymized form to Google. Our Apps use identification for mobile devices, including the Google Advertising ID (“GAID”) and the ID for Advertising for iOS (“IDFA”), as well as technologies similar to cookies for the use execution of the Analytics for mobile service.


Purpose.
We use Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. Through the statistics we are able to improve our services and make them more interesting for users. In those special cases in which personal data is transmitted to the USA, Google is certified via EU-US privacy shield. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.


Google DoubleClick for Publishers


We use Google DoubleClick for Publishers (“DFP”) in all Products. DFP uses cookies or similar technologies to provide the user with user-relevant advertisements, improve the reports on campaign performance, and prevent users from seeing the same advertisements multiple times. Via cookie ID, Google records which advertisements have been shown in which browser and can prevent advertisements from being shown multiple times.
See our Cookie Policy
for more information on cookies and how to opt-out of them. According to Google, DFP cookies do not process personally identifiable information. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.


Adjust


For Apps on iOS and Android we use the services of Adjust GmbH (Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, “Adjust”). This allows us to us to track and analyze which marketing channels or sources are producing the best results for directing users to download the Products and to help us understand how our users are using our app. For this purpose, Adjust processes mobile identifiers such as the IDFA, GAID or similar mobile identifiers. For more information on Adjust, see
here
, especially section 3. To opt out of tracking by Adjust please go
here.
The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.


Runtastic Event Tracking


When you are using our Products, we will collect certain event information (e.g. opening a Runtastic app, starting a sport activity, visiting our Website) and send them to our servers. This allows us to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products.


Facebook Analytics


For Apps on iOS and Android we use Facebook Analytics (for more information see
here
). This allows us to us to track and analyze which marketing channels or sources, in connection with Facebook, are producing the best results for directing users to download the Products and to help us understand how our users are using our app. For this purpose, Facebook Analytics processes mobile identifiers such as the IDFA, GAID or similar mobile identifiers. For more information on Facebook Analytics, see
here.
The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.




Cookies and Similar Technologies.


Cookies


What Are Cookies.
The Website uses 'cookies' – small text files that are placed on your computer, mobile device and/or stored by the browser. The basis for the processing of Data via cookies are our legitimate interests.


Cookie Policy.
For more information on the cookies we use, which, if any, personal data they collect, and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Policy
here.


Plug-Ins


The Runtastic Products include social media plug-ins, such as (i) Facebook; (ii) Google +, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043; (iii) Twitter, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; and (iv) WhatsApp, WhatsApp Inc., 650 Castro Street, Suite 120-219, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA.


Such plug-ins can recognize a user’s IP address and the page visited on the Runtastic.com platform and, possibly, store cookies, so that the services offered by Runtastic work properly. Some Apps may use functions of third parties (e.g. Facebook) through the third party’s SDK (Software Development Kit), which may process general device data (e.g. device ID, etc.). Social media plug-ins and widgets are hosted either by third-party providers or directly by us. Your interactions with these plugins are subject to this Privacy Policy or the privacy policy of any third party that offers such feature. The basis for the processing of Data via plug-ins are our legitimate interests.


RUNTASTIC IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF, OR GUIDELINES REGARDING THE USE OF, PERSONAL DATA BY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS.


Users may recognize the respective plug-ins of third parties, e.g. by the respective logo or other characteristics typical for the respective social media platform on our Website. You can find an overview of Facebook plug-ins
here.
You can find an overview of Google+ plug-ins
here.
You can find an overview of Twitter plug-ins
here.


If a user interacts with the plug-ins, e.g. by clicking on the Facebook “Like” button or entering a comment, while being logged in to said user's Social Media account on Facebook, Google+, or Twitter, a user links the contents of the Runtastic Website to his/her respective social media profile. Thereby, Facebook/Google+/Twitter can associate a user's visit or use of the Products with said user's social media account. Runtastic, as the provider of the Products, does not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its usage by Facebook, Google+, or Twitter. Users can find more information on the issue of data transmission in the privacy policy of the respective social media platform:



Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/


Google+:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/


Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy



If users do not want to have the respective social media platform associate their visits to our Website with their social media account, users must log out from their social media account.


Do Not Track Signals


The Products do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals. To learn more about Do Not Track signals, you can visit
https://allaboutdnt.com.




Device and Location Information.


When you visit or leave our Products, we receive


the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to next, as well as date and time stamp and time zone;
IP address, access status/HTTP status code;
transmitted data volume;
proxy server, operating system, web browser (including language and version of the browser software) and add-ons;
device identifier and features; and/or
ISP or your mobile carrier; and/or
GPS information or other phone-related location data (e.g. via WiFi or Bluetooth), after your explicit opt-in.



