

Updates to Our Privacy Policy



As the Runtastic community continues to grow, we are making changes to provide the best possible experience for our users. To support our innovative portfolio of apps and products, and to enhance transparency, we have prepared an updated privacy statement. Please take the time to read it below. From April 13th, 2017 your use of the Runtastic website and our apps means you consent to this new privacy statement.


If you have any questions or comments, please contact our Support team.


Thank you for being a part of the Runtastic community.


1. IN GENERAL


1.1 Runtastic Products.  The concept of runtastic GmbH’s (“Runtastic”) apps and the Runtastic.com platform (together the “Runtastic Products”) is based in part on the publication of details regarding individual users by making such details accessible to other users via the Runtastic Products and social networks, e.g. Facebook.


1.2 Compliance with Data Protection Laws.  The collection, administration and use of personal details by Runtastic complies with applicable data protection laws by ensuring that, amongst others and subject to 3.1, each user is able to decide herself, which personal details shall be made accessible to other users


2. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY RUNTASTIC


2.1 Personally Identifiable Information.  Runtastic collects information from users upon registration on its website (the “Registration” and a user then a “Registered User”) and in connection with the use of any of the Runtastic Products. Personally identifiable information (personenbezogene Daten) within the meaning of § 4.1 of the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG 2000) shall be saved and used in particular in order to offer new applications to the user, to improve such applications and conform them to the users' needs


2.2 Data Collection.  Upon Registration, certain user data is collected in several ways (the “Registration Information”)


2.2.1 Mandatory Information. Certain information has to be given by a user in order to register for Runtastic Products, such as:



Email address;


First and last name;


Gender;


Birthday.



2.2.2 Optional Information. Certain information is optional during Registration and can also be added or deleted later on by the user, such as:



Personal Information:


Address (street, postcode, city, country);


Profile picture;


Family status;


Height and weight;




Reason and Motivation:


Sports level (beginner, advanced, professional);


Description;


Motivation for doing sports; and


Sports types;




Education and Job:


School, universtity; and


Company, type of job;




Contact information:


Phone, website; and


Twitter, Skype





2.3 Additional User Data. After Registration different types of data are collected by Runtastic (the “Additional User Data” and, together with the Registration Information, the “User Information”), such as:



Activities (e.g. distance, time, calories, duration, training days, elevation, pulse, max pulse rate, workouts, cheerings), location data and maps of activities;


Routes;


Photos;


Live Tracking, see Section 3.2;


User statistics and Leaderboard; and


Friendships.



3. PRIVACY SETTINGS AND LIVE TRACKING


3.1 Privacy Settings.  Every user can change the privacy settings applicable to his or her account for Runtastic Products


3.1.1 General.  In this way, the user can decide for different categories (e.g. profile data, activities, maps, trainings plans, etc), subject to 2.2.2 and 2.3, who can see the User Information collected: all users, friends, or nobody. The default privacy settings are set to “friends” for all users.


3.1.2 Exceptions.  The following information is visible to all users and cannot be set to “nobody” in the privacy settings: first name, last name, and avatar.


3.1.3 Leaderboard.  The leaderboard function, in which the users can compare their activities to their friends', is automatically activated in the user’s profile for all Runtastic Products. The user can deactivate this function at any time


3.2 Live Tracking.  The Runtastic Products include a "Live Tracking" feature (“Live Tracking”), which enables all users to see the route and data, including heart rates, of such user's sports activity on certain of the Runtastic Products. Live Tracking can only be either activated or deactivated for all users. Live Tracking is deactivated by default and can be activated by a user at his or her own discretion before each activity. By activating the feature, the user accepts the responsibility for such activation at his or her own risk. If the user does not want to give all users access to his or her training route and data, then Live Tracking should not be activated


4. USE AND SHARING OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE AND NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES


4.1 Confidentiality and Security.  Runtastic deems all user information confidential and does not disclose such information without the express informed consent of the user. Runtastic has implemented reasonable security policies and procedures designed to protect user information.


4.2 Registration.  With Registration, the user explicitly agrees that Runtastic shall have the right to use all collected personally identifiable information, for purposes of the Runtastic Products and generally agrees with this Privacy Policy.


4.3 Sharing of Information.  Runtastic does not pass on personally identifiable information (see Section 2, above) to third parties, except as response to lawful requests from federal, state, local, or foreign law and civil enforcement agencies, as required by law, or with the explicit consent of the user, especially as set forth herein. Runtastic implements all reasonable measures to prevent the unauthorized access by third parties to saved details.


4.3.1 Runtastic transfers information of Registered Users to (i) other health and fitness services, such as MyFitnessPal or Jawbone, after Registered Users explicitly consent to the transfer; and (ii) vendors, service providers, and other partners such as Google Analytics, Emarsys, or Adjust, New Relic, Amazon Web Services (AWS), who help Runtastic to provide and improve its services, such as providing technical infrastructure services or analyzing how the services perform or how they are used


4.3.2 Sensitive Data and HealthKit.  Neither Sensitive Data (sensible Daten) within the meaning of the DSG nor information gained through the use of the HealthKit framework, such as heart rate data, will ever be shared with or sold to advertisers or similar agencies. Runtastic does not use information gained through the HealthKit framework for advertising or similar services.If a Registered User consents, Runtastic may share such Registered User’s data obtained through the HealthKit framework with a third party for medical research. If Registered Users expressly consent, Runtastic may use the HealthKit framework and the Apple CoreMotion processor for the sole purpose of logging and displaying a Registered User’s physical activities, sleep and calorie expenditure. Runtastic and Runtastic’s analytics service providers, following Runtastic’s instructions, may analyze engagement data for research purposes designed to provide a personalized experience and motivate engagement in healthy habits. You can always stop Runtastic from accessing your data by changing the settings of your mobile device.


4.4 Advertising. The user explicitly consents to the storage and use of non-personally identifiable information for purposes of newsletter marketing or on Runtastic.com by Runtastic or its partners. Registered Users may also opt out of advertising through a mechanism on the Runtastic.com platform


4.5 Transmission and/or use of data within the Runtastic group.  Runtastic receives information from, and shares information with, its affiliates, agents, and business partners in the Runtastic group, e.g. adidas. The User Information shared with this group is aggregated data compiled from the information that it collects from Registered Users. We may use the information we receive from the group, and they may use the information we share with them, to help operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our services and their offerings


4.6 Heart Rate Monitor.  Personal health information collected and stored by Runtastic, and subsequently shared by the user via Heart Rate Monitor, may not be protected under the American Health insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)


5. PLUGINS AND WIDGETS FOR SOCIAL MEDIA


5.1 The Runtastic Products include social media plugins, such as (i) Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; (ii) Google +, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043; (iii) Twitter, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; (iv) WhatsApp, WhatsApp Inc., 650 Castro Street, Suite 120-219, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA.


5.2 Such plugins can recognize a user’s IP address and the page visited on the Runtastic.com platform and, possibly, store cookies, so that the services offered by Runtastic work properly. Social media plugins and widgets are hosted either by third party providers or directly by us. Your interactions with these plugins are subject to this privacy policy or the privacy policy of any third party that offers such feature. Runtastic is not responsible for the use of, or guidelines regarding the use of, personal data by third party providers.


5.3 Users may recognize the respective plugins, e.g., by the respective logo or other respective characteristic typical for the respective social media-platform on our pages. You can find an overview of Facebook-plugins here:

http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.

You can find an overview of Google+-plugins here:

https://developers.google.com/+/web/.

You can find an overview of Twitter-plugins here:

https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview.



5.4 If a user interacts with the plugins, e. g. by clicking on the Facebook "Like-Button" or entering a comment, while being logged in to such user's Social Media-account on Facebook, Google+, or Twitter, a user links the contents of the Runtastic pages to his or her respective social media-profile. Thereby, Facebook/Google+/Twitter can associate a user's visit of the Runtastic page or use of Runtastic Products with such user's social media-account. Runtastic as the provider of the Runtastic Products does not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its usage by Facebook, Google+, or Twitter. Users can also share finished activites via Whatsapp. Users can find more information on the issue of data transmission in the privacy policy of the respective social media-platform:



Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/



Google+:

http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/



Twitter:

https://twitter.com/privacy



Whatsapp:

https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/?I=en#privacy-policy




5.5 If users do not want to have the respective social media-platform associate their visits on our site with their social media-account, users must log out from their social media-account.


6. COOKIES


6.1 General.  Several areas of the Runtastic website use 'cookies' ─ small text files that are placed on the user's computer and stored by the browser. They are used by Runtastic to provide a more user-friendly, effective and secure service. Cookies also enable Runtastic to identify a user's browser and offer services to such user. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.


6.2 Installation.  You can prevent the installation of cookies by entering the corresponding settings in your browser software. However, please note that in this case you may not be able to use the complete range of functions of the Runtastic.com platform to its full extent.


7. GOOGLE ANALYTICS AND APP ANALYTICS


7.1 The Runtastic Products use Google Analytics, a web analysis service by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses 'cookies' (see Section 6, above). The information about your visit collected by the cookies, including your IP address, is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and saved there. To the extent that the Runtastic Products have activated IP anonymization, Google first abbreviates your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA or Asia and abbreviated there. Google will use the information collected on behalf of the website operator to evaluate your use of the Runtastic Products, to compile reports about your activities within the Runtastic Products, and to provide further services to Runtastic related to use of the Runtastic Products and Internet use. Google will under no circumstances associate the IP address transmitted by your browser within the operations of Google Analytics with other Google data.


7.2 You can prevent the data related to your use of the Runtastic platform, including your IP address, generated by the cookies from being recorded by Google and Google's processing of this data by downloading and installing the browser plugin from the following link:

https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.



7.3 Furthermore, you can prevent the future data capture by setting an Opt Out-Cookie via the following link:

Deactivate Google Analytics

Further information regarding terms of use and privacy provisions may be found on the websites

http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html

and

https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/.

The Runtastic Products expanded the Google Analytics-Service with the “anonymizeIP”-Code to anonymize the user’s IP-address.


7.4 The Runtastic Products use Google DoubleClick for Publishers (“DFP”). DFP uses Cookies to provide the user with user-relevant advertisements – further information may be found at

https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en.

The user may disable the DFP’s cookie placement and the placement of user-relevant advertisements for use of the Runtastic platform via the website:

http://www.google.com/ads/preferences.



7.5 For the mobile apps on iOS and Android the services of adjust.io (by adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 38a, 10405 Berlin) are used.


8. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY


8.1. Changes to this Privacy Policy require the consent of the respective user, to whom the changed Privacy Policy shall apply. If Runtastic intends to implement such changes, it will give the user as much prior notice of such changes as possible. Such notice shall be made on the relevant pages of the Runtastic.com platform or on any other device through which the user accesses the Runtastic Products. Any such modifications will take effect within thirty days of publication. This policy was last modified on 13 Nov, 2017.


9. DELETION OF USER INFORMATION


9.1 In case of a termination of the Registered User’s account


9.1.1 All personal details provided by the user upon Registration shall be deactivated. Any details made public by the user, e.g., routes, notes on other Registered Users’ walls, will be (i) anonymized, i.e., it will be made clear that such details were provided by a deleted user, or (ii) deleted, in the event of cancellation, within thirty days; and


9.1.2 Upon the Registered User’s request, all User Information not required for Runtastic’s performance of contractual obligations or compliance with statutory retention obligations, shall be irrevocably deleted. The user shall request such deletion by email sent to delete.account@runtastic.com, which shall include the email address provided to Runtastic upon Registration, or via the website. Runtastic will comply with such requests within ten days and maintain a record of the deletion for one year after the deletion


10. YOUR CONSENT


10.1 By using our site as a non-registered user, you consent to our privacy policy only for those areas not subject to Registration. Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and apps.

http://www.runtastic.com/en/terms


