
Privacy Policy
Contents

Information we collect
Tracking Software
Data Collection Reminder
Legal Processes
Changing and Updating your information:
Sharing Information
Privacy Policy Updates
Effective Date of Policy
Minors
Account Deletions

We collect information we need to better serve individuals that browse our website and play the game.
This includes users' ip addresses, configuration settings and logs of actions taken by users on the server.
Any other information collected about the user will not be disclosed to 3rd party partners without 
their consent.
 Beyond your activity on this site, we do not track your browsing activities with cookies or software. 
We are not responsible for anything our 3rd party partners might install on a user's computer should 
he or she click their ads.
 We collect the following: 

Logs of user actions on the server.
User configuration settings.
Traffic sources and conversions.
Keywords used to find the site.
IP addresses.
Payment details sent to reduce fraud.

Please note that your personal details regarding payments are not 
stored on this server, and most of it, such as 
credit card and bank account numbers, will be held only by PayPal.
In the event that we need to respond to any warrants, subpoenas or any other legal 
processes regarding a user, we cannot protect his or her personal data and we will hand it 
over to the proper authorities.
From the user's "Player>Account" page, he or she can change or update any
personal data. In the event that you agree to any special promotions, the data will 
need to be validated by us after any submissions and changes.
Again, Puppet Nightmares (eg. www.puppetnightmares.com) does not share data about its users without 
their consent. However, if you participate in a social media promotion, you should be aware that Facebook, 
Twitter and Google+ collect EVERYTHING about you, so be wary of those offers if privacy is a concern to you.
Important changes to the policy will be notified to users via the news link on the World Map.  
Users are advised to keep themselves informed by frequently checking the news.  
This policy has been in effect since December 2nd, 2008, and was last updated on May 25th, 2018.
This website's content is intended for adults and we will not knowingly collect personal information 
from individuals under 18 years of age. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under age 
18 who you believe has submitted personal information to this site, please contact us immediately via
the Contact page and the child will be banned as soon as possible.
Account deletion requests are not accepted here. This website prides itself on retaining 
user data for long periods of time and unnecessary deletions present the chance of unneeded 
bugs and orphan data occurring.

