
EatStreet and U Connect ("we") are committed to
                        protecting the privacy of their users. This privacy policy
                        describes how we will protect your personal information.

Security:

We are committed to the security of our users and use
                        standard encryptions to protect all data being sent and received
                        on our site. Our servers help protect all information being
                        collected on our website.

Information we collect:

EatStreet collects personal and ordering information
                        provided by the user when they place an order or register with our
                        website. This information includes (without limitation) names,
                        addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, age, date of birth,
                        restaurant preferences and credit card information. We use such
                        information to provide services on our website that is convenient
                        to our users. If requested, we may provide you your account's
                        contact information and transaction history.

Information Sharing:

EatStreet will not share your personal information such as
                        your telephone numbers and email addresses with third parties for
                        their own use.
When you place an order on EatStreet, we give the restaurant
                        and delivery service all information relevant information. This
                        likely includes (without limitation) the food order, your name,
                        delivery address, telephone numbers, email addresses, and credit
                        card information (if a credit card is used).
We also use third parties to complete certain tasks
                        including (without limitation) credit card processing and
                        authorizations, delivery of purchases, marketing, and promotions.
                        These third parties will perform functions on our behalf. In these
                        instances we will share your information that you provided to
                        complete these tasks on our behalf. We request that these third
                        parties take necessary and reasonable steps to protect your
                        private information. We also may use the information you provide
                        to comply with legal obligations or inquires from law enforcement.
Notice of special offers is from time to time provided to
                        our users. If users do not want to receive notices of special
                        offers they must send an email to customer.service@eatstreet.com
                        and write "cancellation of special offers" in the
                        subject.
Our customer service center may contact you using your
                        telephone numbers or email addresses for customer service issues.

Cookies:

Our website uses "cookies", which store many types
                        of data, to make your experience easier and more enjoyable.
                        EatStreet uses cookies to store information such as your order
                        information, location, and personal preferences. You may set your
                        browser to refuse these cookies by seeing the help section of your
                        browser.

Children Privacy:

EatStreet does not direct or target any piece of its website
                        or services to children under the age of 13. If you believe a
                        child has provided us with personal information other than an
                        email address, please contact us at
                        customer.service@EatStreet.com. We will make reasonable efforts to
                        remove such information from our databases.

Consent; Changes; Applicability:

Because the methods used to protect your private information
                        and the services we provide are continually evolving, our privacy
                        policy may change at any time. If changes are made to our privacy
                        policy we will make it known on EatStreet. We recommend that users
                        look at the privacy policy from time to time to review such
                        changes. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, please do
                        not disclose any personal information to EatStreet.
This privacy policy applies only to EatStreet, not to any
                        advertisers, vendors, or third parties that are shown or linked
                        with EatStreet. If you provide personal information to these third
                        parties you are doing so at your own risk.

See our Terms of Use


                        Questions or Comments should be directed to EatStreet
                        customer.service@eatstreet.com 316 W. Washington Ave. Suite 725
                        Madison, WI 53703 (866) 654-8777
                        January 1 2017 ©
                        2017 EatStreet, Inc
                    

