

                        This privacy policy was last updated on August 1, 2018.
                    

                        EatStreet, Inc and all our affiliated companies and subsidiaries ("EatStreet", "Patron Path", "we", "us",
                        or "our") are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. This privacy policy describes how we
                        will collect, use, disclose and protect your personal information. This policy applies to all users of
                        eatstreet.com and patronpath.com, as well as any websites, mobile applications and services that
                        reference this privacy policy now or in the future (collectively, the "Sites").
                    

Security:


                        We are committed to the security of our users and use standard encryption to protect all
                        data being sent and received on our Sites. Our servers help protect all information
                        being collected on our Sites.
                    

Information we collect:


                        We, and third-party partners who provide services on our behalf, collect information from
                        you when you visit and use our Sites, including when you:
                    

access, browse, and use our Sites and/or services;
place an order and/or make a payment;
register an account;
sign up for our mailing list;
login through social networks and/or authentication services;
respond to a survey or communication such as email;
provide feedback;
enter a contest or sweepstakes;
participate in another feature on our Sites.


                        This information includes (without limitation) names, addresses, email addresses, telephone
                        numbers, age, date of birth, restaurant preferences, and credit card information. We use
                        such information to provide services on our Sites that are convenient and relevant to our
                        users. If requested, we may provide you with your account's contact information and
                        transaction history.
                    

                        In addition, we and our third-party partners may collect certain information automatically
                        when you visit or use our Sites using cookies, pixels and other web technologies.
                        This information includes (without limitation):
                    

your order information and personal preferences;
information about the device you use to access our Sites and its software;
IP address;
browser type;
the pages you visit on our Sites;
the website you visited before coming to our Sites;
various ways you engage with our Sites and features you use on our Sites;
the date and time you access our Sites.


                        You may set your browser to refuse these cookies by seeing the help section of your browser.
                        However, by doing this, you may not be able to access or use all or parts of our Sites.
                    

How we use your information:


                        We, and third-party partners who provide services on our behalf, may use your information
                        in the following ways (without limitation):
                    

to fulfill your requests and orders;
to process your registration on our Sites;
to improve the content and functionality of our Sites;
to provide recommendations and customized content/features to you on our Sites;
to contact you with information about your orders or re quests;
to contact you regarding promotions, products, services and/or features we believe will be of interest to you;
for marketing purposes;
for data analysis and customer research purposes;
for internal business needs, such as auditing, improving our Sites and services, and fraud prevention;
to provide customer support and services.


How we share your information:


                        EatStreet will not share your personal information, such as your telephone numbers and email
                        addresses, with third parties for their own use.
                    

                    When you place an order on EatStreet's Sites, we give the restaurant and delivery service all
                        relevant information. This can include (without limitation) the food order, your name,
                        delivery address, telephone number and email address. All data we send is encrypted
                        as noted above.
                    

                        We also use third parties to complete certain tasks including (without limitation) credit
                        card processing and authorizations, delivery of purchases, data processing, fraud
                        protection and prevention, marketing, and promotions. These third parties will perform
                        functions on our behalf. In these instances, we will share your information that you
                        provided to complete these tasks on our behalf. We request that these third parties
                        take necessary and reasonable steps to protect your private information. We also may
                        use the information you provide to comply with legal obligations or inquiries from
                        law enforcement.
                    

                        In addition, we may share your information with an affiliate or third-party partner in the
                        event of a sale, transfer, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.
                    

Advertising Partners


                    EatStreet may use third-party advertising companies and partners to collect user data on our
                        Sites and then serve targeted ads on our behalf. Our advertising partners collect this data
                        using cookies and web beacons. To opt out of seeing personalized ads from our partners,
                        visit this page.
                    

Your California Privacy Rights


                        If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows you to
                        request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to third
                        parties for direct marketing purposes. You are permitted to obtain this information
                        from us once a year, free of charge. To make such a request, please submit your
                        request in writing to:
                    

                        EatStreet
                        Attn: CA Privacy Rights Request
                        316 W. Washington Ave., Suite 725
                        Madison, WI 53703
                    

Children's Privacy:


                        EatStreet does not direct or target any piece of our Sites or services to children under
                        the age of 13. If you believe a child has provided us with personal information other
                        than an email address, please contact us at customer.service@EatStreet.com. We will make
                        reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases.
                    

Consent; Changes; Applicability:


                        By browsing and/or using our Sites, you agree to all of the terms and conditions of this
                        Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, please
                        do not use our Sites or disclose any personal information to EatStreet.
                    

                        Notice of special offers is from time to time provided to our users. If users do not want to
                        receive notices of special offers, you must send an email to customer.service@eatstreet.com,
                        and write "cancellation of special offers" in the subject.
                    

                        Because the methods used to protect your private information and the services we provide are
                        continually evolving, our privacy policy may change at any time. Unless otherwise noted,
                        those changes will be effective as soon as they are posted. If changes are made to our
                        privacy policy, we will make it known on EatStreet or by email. By continuing to use our Sites
                        after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
                        We recommend that users look at the privacy policy from time to time to review such changes.
                    

                        Except as indicated above, this privacy policy applies only to EatStreet, not to any
                        advertisers, vendors, or third parties that are shown or linked with EatStreet. If you
                        provide personal information to these third parties, you are doing so at your own risk.
                    

Contact Us


                        Questions or Comments should be directed to:
                    

                    EatStreet
                    customer.service@eatstreet.com
                    316 W. Washington Ave., Suite 725
                    Madison, WI 53703
                    (866) 654-8777
                    

                        August 1, 2018 © 2018 EatStreet, Inc
                    

