Last Revision Date: June 9, 2017
Privacy Statement
At Roche Diabetes Care, Inc. ("Roche"), the maker of Accu-Chek® products, we are committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information Roche may collect; the means by which Roche may collect, use or share your personal information; the steps Roche takes to protect your personal information; and choices you have with respect to the use of your personal information. By using accu-chek.com (the "Site"), you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please read this entire Privacy Policy before using or submitting information to us through this website or any online resource. Whenever you submit information via this Site, you consent to the collection, processing, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to access or use the Site.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personally Identifiable Information" is any information by which you can be individually identified directly or in conjunction with other publicly-available information, including, but not limited to your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and any financial information you may provide for purposes of completing a transaction with Roche. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected from offline resources and communications, except in cases where such information is consolidated with Personally Identifiable Information collected by Roche through this Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party Web sites linked to this Site. Roche is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites.
We are committed to collecting, maintaining and securing personal information about you in accordance with this policy, as well as applicable laws, rules and regulations. Please review this Privacy Statement to learn more.
Please note that this Site is directed towards users who reside in the United States of America. It is not our intent to gather Personally Identifiable Information from individuals residing outside the United States of America on this Site.
DISCLAIMER: The content appearing on Roche websites or Web-based resources is presented exclusively for informational purposes. You understand and agree that Roche does not use this Site to provide medical advice, financial advice, or legal advice, and you should not assume that information submitted through this Web site is subject to health, financial or legal privacy laws or regulations. You will not rely on any statements made on this Site as though it were professional advice. The Site may provide selected information concerning diseases and their treatment. Such information is not intended or provided as medical advice. Such information is not a substitute for the advice of a trained healthcare professional. If you have or suspect having any health problems or conditions, you should consult your general practitioner or other qualified health provider. For further information, please review our Terms and Conditions.
Not intended for minors
This Site is not designed or intended for use by children under the age of 13. Moreover, we do not knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under the age of 13 without the prior, verifiable consent of a parent or guardian in accordance with appropriate verification mechanisms under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act rules. Anyone under 18 years old should seek their parent's or guardian's permission prior to using or disclosing any Personally Identifiable Information on this Site. You must be 18 years of age or older to submit registration or survey information. If you believe that a minor of whom you are a parent or guardian has registered or otherwise provided Personally Identifiable Information without your consent, please contact us at accu-chek.care@roche.com, and we will make reasonable efforts to remove all Personally Identifiable Information related to the minor.
Information Collected
On this Site, we may request Personally Identifiable Information about you in order to process a request, provide access to certain services or personalize your experience. Several places on this Site require Personally Identifiable Information if you choose to use them, including but not limited to, surveys, registration and content sharing features. Roche and its business partners collect this information about you only if you voluntarily provide it to us. Please be aware that certain features of this Site may not be available to you if you elect not to provide certain Personally Identifiable Information. Any Personally Identifiable Information you provide to Roche will be collected, processed, used, and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In addition, Roche may collect information from your computer or Internet device to conduct statistical analysis of the use of this Site. For details see the Cookies Policy.
Use of Information
Any Personally Identifiable Information Roche collects may be used for the following purposes:
For the business purposes of Roche or our business partners, including legally authorized marketing, sales, operational and financial activities.
To comply with any requests from you, including requests to complete a transaction, receive certain information or share content from this Site with another individual.
To better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services.
To communicate with you about products or services that you might find interesting.
To tailor your experience on our Site.
Where permitted by our arrangements with service providers, Roche may combine the Personally Identifiable Information you share through this Site with other information you have shared with us, both online and offline. Roche may also combine this Personally Identifiable Information with records provided by third parties. Roche uses this consolidated information to help better design Roche products, to communicate information to you, to enhance marketing and research activities and to facilitate other business functions.
Sharing with Third Parties
Roche may share Personally Identifiable Information about you with our subsidiaries and affiliates. In addition, Roche may share your Personally Identifiable Information with outside third parties solely for the following purposes:
To help fulfill Roche business transactions.
To conduct technical maintenance of Roche's Web sites and other platforms.
To facilitate a merger, consolidation, transfer of control or other corporate reorganization in which Roche participates.
To facilitate a financing agreement in which the assets implicated include Roche's technical or information resources.
To respond to appropriate requests of legitimate government authorities, or where required by applicable laws, court orders or government regulations.
Where needed for corporate audits or to investigate or respond to a complaint or security threat.
Any subsidiaries, affiliates, or other business partners with whom Roche shares your Personally Identifiable Information shall be required to treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Social Plugins
This Site may use social plugins (e.g., the Facebook "Like" button) to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit this Site, the operator of the social plugin may be able to place a cookie on your computer, enabling that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited this Site. If you are logged into the associated social media Web site (e.g., Facebook) while browsing on this Site, the social plugin allows that social media Web site to receive information that you have visited this Site. The social plugin may also allow the social media Web site to share information about your activities on this Site with other users of their social media Web site. For more information about the information shared via a particular social media plugin, you should refer to that social media site's privacy statement.
Analytics
Roche may use certain analytical services, including but not limited to Google Analytics, a service by Google, Inc. ("Google"), to analyze Non-Personally Identifiable Information to learn about how visitors interact with our Web sites (also known as "session tracking"), to help us improve user experience. Google Analytics uses cookies to analyze use patterns and may collect information about your use of the Web site, including your IP address. You may find more information about Google Analytics and Google's privacy policy by visiting Google's web site here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. In addition, our Web sites and online resources may use Google Analytics Advertising Features, which collect information through cookies, including Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest reporting. If you would like to opt-out of having your data used by these cookies, please use the Google Analytics opt-out available here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Do Not Track Signals
Certain Web browsers and other programs may be used to signal your preferences to Roche about how or whether Roche or third parties may collect information about your online activities. Currently, Roche does not respond to such signals.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information for Marketing
Roche will not sell or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to any nonaffiliated entity for its own, independent direct marketing use unless we provide clear notice to you and obtain your explicit consent. Roche uses third-party advertising companies to place ads on other Web sites. These companies may use data about your visits to this Site and other Web sites in order to measure advertising effectiveness and to provide advertisements about our goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices to opt out of having this information used by these companies, see our Cookies Policy.
Data Security
Roche and its business partners take steps to protect Personally Identifiable Information we access or receive through this Site from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Nevertheless, Roche makes no guarantee as to the security of your Personally Identifiable Information and disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability and damages caused by loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. We recommend that you take any available precautions to protect Personally Identifiable Information you submit on this Site.
Data Accuracy
Roche wants to be sure that we keep only the most accurate and up-to-date information about you in our records. Therefore, whenever you believe that your contact information needs to be updated, you can e-mail us at accu-chek.care@roche.com to correct or update your contact information.
Notice, Choice and Control
Before you provide Personally Identifiable Information to Roche, we will provide you with notice (including through this Privacy Policy) about the purposes for which we collect and use Personally Identifiable Information, how to contact us with any inquiries or complaints, the types of third parties to which we disclose Personally Identifiable Information and the choices and means by which you can limit the use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information. Roche also will provide you with notice before using or disclosing your Personally Identifiable Information for a purpose other than for which it was originally collected.
If you opt-in for particular services or communications, you will be able to unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by following the instructions included in each communication or contacting Roche by phone at 1-800-858-8072 or e-mail at accu-chek.care@roche.com.
Accessing Your Personally Identifiable Information
If you would like to request access to or correction of the Personally Identifiable Information about you that Roche has collected, you can contact us at the contact information provided below. Roche may limit or deny access to Personally Identifiable Information where providing such access would be unreasonably burdensome or expensive, or as otherwise provided by law. In some circumstances, Roche may charge a reasonable fee, where warranted, for access to and other requests regarding Personally Identifiable Information.
International Transfers of Your Personally Identifiable Information
Any Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us through your use of this Site may be transferred to or stored in a geographic region which imposes different privacy obligations than your country of origin.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to:
Roche Diabetes Care, Inc.
9115 Hague Road
Indianapolis, Indiana 46250
Attn: Privacy Officer
Be sure to include your name and address; you can include your e-mail address if you want to receive a response by e-mail. Otherwise, we will respond by postal mail within the time required by law.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, Roche may revise this Privacy Policy. Any such changes to this Privacy Policy will be promptly reflected on this page. Roche recommends that you review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Continued use of our Web site after publication of any change in our Privacy Policy indicates your consent to the use of newly submitted information in accordance with the amended Privacy Policy. The date on which this policy was last revised is located at the top of this policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of this Site, please contact us.
Roche Diabetes Care, Inc.
9115 Hague Road
Indianapolis, Indiana 46250
Attn: Privacy Officeraccu-chek.care@roche.com
