Privacy Policy
	CGTrader is committed to protecting the privacy of its users.Collection of DataWe may collect personal contact information from you, including your name, e-mail, bank account/ credit card/ PayPal information, address, reputation score. You may however later request to have this information modified or removed from our systems. We only use this information to carry out the immediate activity requested and for no other purpose. We do not carry out any personal research nor do we disclose this data to any persons outside of CGTrader and its immediate staff and partners. CookiesCGTrader does not use cookies on its website except when you create a Member Account, as well as when using external analytics services, such as Google Analytics, Intercom.io, and others. Your continued use of CGTrader means that you consent to such use of the cookies by CGTrader. When you create a Member Account, CGTrader will use cookies to store your Member ID. This Member ID is a string of random characters and contains none of your personal information. We use this in order to enable you to come back to CGTrader without having to login each and every time you do. Once you login we will store this cookie on your system for a couple of days. To completely remove the cookie from your system, simply select Logout from the navigation bar at the top of our site or allow it to expire on its own. SecurityOur intent is to provide privacy, integrity, as well as authentication with regards to our Internet communication. The security measures we have taken are intended to secure and encrypt your data, such that a third party cannot capture, access or read the information while it is in transit between your computer and our system. Links to External SitesCGTrader cannot be held responsible for the content or data policies and procedures found on external sites. If you would like to be informed of any changes that we make to our privacy policy, please contact us. Direct Marketing CGTrader may send you e-mails for marketing purposes only in case of your explicit consent. In case you wish to stop receiving e-mails for marketing purposes please click unsubscribe found at the end of such e-mail.Infringement of PrivacyIn case of any infringement of your privacy either by CGTrader or Member of the Site, please contact:Marius KalytisUAB CGTraderNaugarduko st. 3Vilnius, LT-03231LithuaniaE-mail: marius@cgtrader.com