



Privacy 
    Statement - Terms of Use

Mainpage 
    | Contact us | Discussion 
    Forum 
We 
    have created this Privacy Statement - Terms of Use agreement in order to demonstrate 
    our firm commitment to privacy.

 
      The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices 
      for this website:




 Last 
    updated January 2014
 
    These Terms of Service (the "Agreement") set forth the terms and conditions 
    that apply to your use of the websites located at http://www.guyana.org 
    - http://www.guyanafriends.com 
    and the services and materials offered thereon (the "Service") which are offered 
    to you by guyana.org ("Guyana and News and Information" - GNI) 
    and guyanafriends.com. These guidelines are subject to changes.
    Members who violate these rules may be suspended or banned. BY USING THIS 
    SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT JUST AS IF YOU HAD SIGNED IT. 
    If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, please discontinue your 
    use of the Site/Service.  

 What       Information Is Collected 

We use your IP address 
  to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. We 
  use cookies in our discussion forum to notify you of new messages since your 
  last visit, to save your password (at your option) so you don't have to re-enter 
  it each time you visit our discussion board, to set your viewing preferences, 
  and to provide access to authorized users in restricted forums and administrative 
  areas. We do not use cookies to track your on-line activities and viewing 
  habits. 

Our discussion 
  board registration form 
  requires users to give us contact information in the form of a valid e-mail 
  address. 

 In order to register, 
  you must provide us with a username (which does not have to be your real name), 
  password and a valid e-mail address. This allows us to protect our community 
  from abusive postings and provides a verifiable point of contact should legal 
  questions arise. At any time, you have the ability to keep your e-mail address 
  hidden from other users by selecting that option within your user profile. When 
  you register, you have the option of providing some additional information such 
  as occupation, interests, and homepage URL. This optional information is made 
  available to other bulletin or message board users to foster a sense of community. 
  If you have any concerns about providing this information, simply leave the 
  fields blank and your registration will still be processed. 
When you register 
  on our board, you must provide a valid email address. The message board 
  automatically emails you to confirm the address (as 
  shown below). The email contains a link that you must click to 
  verify your address.
  Failure to do so will delay your membership approval. If 
  you do not reply to the email, after approximately 3-5 days your application 
  will be rejected. 
The approval 
  process does take some time and not every application is guaranteed acceptance.


IF YOU ARE UNDER 
  18 YEARS OF AGE you are not encouraged to participate in our discussion forums, 
  or to provide any personal information on our site. 
 
  Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section 
  below. 

  This site contains links to other sites. Guyana.org or 
  guyanafriends.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents 
  of such Websites. 

  We do not sell or otherwise distribute e-mail addresses or any other 
  information to third parties. Information will be made available to law enforcement 
  agencies and other parties as required in the event of abuse, illegal activities, 
  legal action, or requests for information from law enforcement. 

  The software that we use for the discussion board is supplied by a 
  third party. It does have security features built in but it is not represented 
  as high security software. There is always the possibility that someone may 
  gain un-authorized access to the data files including your e-mail address and 
  password. For that reason we suggest that you do not use the same password for 
  our discussion board as you do for other services. We do use IP address logging 
  and hack attempt logging to track potential offenders. 

  It is important to note that guyana.org is hosted by an outside server. 
  We do not own the server and they have full access to the entire website with 
  the exclusion of the Discussion Forum. 

 Guyana News 
  and Information 
  makes message boards and an Internet 
  E-mail Directory available to its users. Please remember that any information 
  that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise 
  caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. In order to comply 
  with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) 
  we have elected to prohibit participation in these areas by pre-teens. By posting 
  in these areas you certify that you are at least 18 years of age or older. 
Postings on 
  Message Boards 
It is important 
  for you to remain aware that when you provide personal information (e.g., last 
  name, address, phone number) in a posting on any message board or email directory, 
  that information is available to other persons or users having access and use 
  of that service, and may be used by someone in a manner unintended by you.
 Report Abuse. 
  Here's the deal: Please do not report abuse simply because you have a differing 
  opinion of another poster. We all come from different backgrounds, have different 
  views of the world therefore please respect one and other. If you have any questions 
  please feel free to ask! 
Sharing 
  of your personal information (work place, home address, telephone numbers. personal 
  pictures, family information, background heritage etc, etc) among board members 
  is strictly up to each individual member.
GNI 
  and Guyanafriends.com do not endorse such practices and advise their members 
  to be prudent of what information they share with other board members. Guyana.org/Guyanafriends.com 
  cannot be held responsible if a member discloses such information to anyone 
  else. 
In 
  addition, a member should avoid giving out his/her forum username or password 
  to anyone, and he/she should not disclose server logins and/or passwords to 
  anyone other than the Administrators of this forum (for the sole purpose of 
  either changing this information or requesting any kind of assistance with the 
  management of his/her account). 
Likewise 
  members should refrain from sharing their login info with suspended 
  members. If caught some of your permissions can be removed or your membership 
  can be cancelled.

We 
  discourage you from offering any personal identifying information within a posting 
  to any message board and to be cautious in sharing your personal information 
  via emails also. 
With 
  respect to our Discussion Forums,from time to time we monitor our list of members 
  posting on our board. Members not actively participating in discussions on the 
  board can have their membership cancelled or suspended. Such action is at the 
  sole discretion of the Administrator.

Posting 
  Rules: Unacceptable Conduct: 
 1) 
  Do not post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-orientated, racist, 
  hateful, threatening, or that otherwise violate any laws. Please use good judgement 
  when choosing user names, avatars, or images to post, inappropriate content 
  will be removed without notice. 

2) Personal attacks, rudeness, insults to others, or arguments will not be 
  tolerated. If you wish to challenge a member's point of view and opinions, then 
  do so respectfully and thoughtfully. 
 3) 
  Please make sure that your posts are positive, constructive, and on the topic. 
  We may delete individual posts that could ruin a good topic thread. As much 
  as we allow members to freely express their opinions. There 
  is a limit as to what we will tolerate. If a member starts spreading lies, rumors 
  or post mischievous/slanderous information that is disruptive to our community 
  we will take the necessary actions as we see fit.

4) We reserve the right to remove any topics deemed inappropriate or disruptive 
  to our community.
5) 
  Do not make offensive posts, links or images. Do not post NSFW content. NSFW 
  ("Not Safe For Work") is defined as anything that most people would not want 
  seen by their bosses, parents or teachers. Do not use profanity, racial, ethnic, 
  religious, or other slurs and stereotypes, or post sexually-oriented material, 
  masturbatory and excretory references, or any other offensive material. 

6) There should be no racial, ethnic, gender based insults or any other personal 
  discriminations. (when used as a derogatory comment)
 
  7) Do not post any messages that harass, insult (name calling), belittle, threaten 
  or mock other members. Debates are fine, but critique the opinion, not the person. 
  Personal attacks are not permitted. Do not use sweeping generalizations and 
  plural pronouns to cloak personal attacks. For example if a poster(s) states 
  that he thinks 'x' is a good idea, replying that "Anyone who supports 'x' is 
  an idiot" is a personal attack. 
8) 
  Pornography, warez, or any other illegal transactions may NOT be linked in any 
  shape or form. 
9) 
  The Administrators reserves the right to suspend or terminate the access of 
  any participant to the forums at our sole discretion, at any time, and without 
  a previous notification, if we feel it is in the interest of our community. 
  We reserve the right to evaluate each incident on a case by case basis. The 
  action we take may be more lenient or more severe than others. 
10) 
  While our discussion forums does enjoy being part of a community network, there 
  will be times when what is posted on other sites, forums or blogs should remain 
  there. Our members should be wary of reposting contents from other sites that 
  can be deemed as propaganda or mischievous. It is advisable to always post the 
  source of articles.


 Indemnification 
  You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless guyana.org, its affiliates 
  and their respective Administrators and Advertising Agencies from and against 
  any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, 
  liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) 
  arising out of or accruing from (a) any material posted or otherwise provided 
  by you that infringes any copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent 
  or other intellectual property right of any person or defames any person or 
  violates their rights of publicity or privacy, (b) any misrepresentation made 
  by you in connection with your use of the Service; (c) any non-compliance by 
  you with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (d) claims brought 
  by persons or entities other than the parties to this Agreement arising from 
  or related to your access and use of the Service, including the information 
  obtained through the Service. 
 Guyana.org 
  is not responsible for content posted by users of the Service on any area of 
  the guyana.org Site, including, without limitation, Discussion Forums, 
  E-mail Directory, and E-mail accounts. The opinions and viewpoints expressed 
  by users of the Service or visitors to our Site do not reflect those of guyana.org

You are solely 
  and fully responsible for the content you post via the above mentioned Services. 
  Guyana.org shall be the final arbiter of what may be posted on the Forums/Directories.
Guyana.org 
  reserves the right to modify or remove any material submitted to or posted on 
  the Site, and to cancel/suspend at any time any membership in the Services or 
  the Service generally without prior notice. 
Guyana.org 
  is not obligated to maintain back-up copies of any material submitted to or 
  posted on the Service, including the Forums/Directories. 


Guyana News and 
Information 
provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us 
and to keep their e-mail address private at the point where we request information 
about the visitor. 

This site gives users the following options for removing their information from 
our database, to not receive future communications, or to delete cookies. 

You can elect 
    to not receive any e-mail from the Administrator or Moderators of the bulletin 
    board, remove the optional profile information, or elect to keep your e-mail 
    address from being publicly available by clicking on the "Manage" 
    link at the top of any of the bulletin board pages and changing the appropriate 
    fields. 
You may delete 
    the cookies stored on your computer by following yoour browser's instructions. 
    
You may edit 
    any of your own posts on the bulletin board by clicking on the "Edit/Delete" 
    icon within that particular message. There is no option available to mass 
    delete all of your posts at once. 
Please note 
    you have 15 minutes to edit your post. 


This site gives users 
the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. 


You may change 
    your password, e-mail address, or any of the optional information fields in 
    your profile by clicking on the "profile" link at the top of any of the bulletin 
    board pages and changing the appropriate fields. 
You may change 
    your default topic view cookie or whether or not to store your password cookie 
    by clicking on the "preferences" link at the top of any of the bulletin board 
    pages and then selecting the appropriate option. 
You may edit 
    your own posts by clicking on the "Edit/Delete" icon whithin that particular 
    message. A note will automatically be added to the message to indicate that 
    you have edited it.
Please note you have 15 minutes to edit your post.

Please 
send any comments, suggestions or correspondence.

Modification:
Guyana.org reserves 
  the right, in its sole discretion, to amend this Agreement, and to modify, add 
  or discontinue any aspect, content, or feature of the Service. If we make any 
  material change to this statement, we will change the date at the top of this 
  statement to reflect the effective date of the change. When you visit our site 
  or use our products and services, we encourage you to check the date of this 
  Privacy Statement to ensure you are aware of any updates.  
