
Security & Privacy Policy
Thanks for visiting www.waterfallgardens.com and read our privacy policy. The  purpose of it is to let you know how we protect the information you choose to  provide us.
 Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide through it,  remains attached to the terms listed in this privacy policy, as well as our terms and  conditions. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time  without notice. We will announce the amendments here. 
 
1.  Information we collect
                    When you visit www.waterfallgardens.com, we  just get some technical information that are used to enhance your visit to the  Site, to help make it more useful to you and to know how many people visit and  the type of technology they use.
Therefore, we do not obtain personal data such as name or address unless you  choose to give us that information.
When you browse,  read pages or download information on www.waterfallgardens.com, we collect  and store automatically:


The IP address from which you access our       site (the IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your       computer when you connect to the Internet)
The type of browser you use to access our       site (such as Firefox or Internet Explorer)
The date and time you access our site.
The country from which you visit the site.
The pages you visit and how long you keep       reading.
If www.waterfallgardens.com accessed       directly by another Web site (with a link to the site) or by searching       Google or another search engine.

 
2. Data encryption and security
www.waterfallgardens.com try  to protect the security of the data you provide. Maybe the steps taken are not  100% effective. We can not ensure or warrant the security of any information  that identifies you personally, so that you provide such information at your  own risk. To protect your privacy and security, we take all the measures  recommended. 
 
3. Information you can give us
You may  choose to give us personal information, for example, by completing a form,  register for a newsletter or promotions, or conduct transactions online. www.waterfallgardens.com uses  that information with the purpose stated on each form.
Personal data collected through the various forms in www.waterfallgardens.com will be  incorporated into an automated files owned by this company in order to give you  the best attention and inform you of services and sales with the preview  consent expressed by the acceptance of the conditions of these forms.

www.waterfallgardens.com.  will not transfer your personal data to third parties without your explicit  consent.

                        You (as an user) are responsible for the accuracy of the Personal Data you  provide to www.waterfallgardens.com and communication with any alteration in them.
 
4. Use of cookies

                            Cookies caused by browsers are text files stored on your computer by your Web  browser. There are basically two types of cookies: persistent and non  persistent.
The persistent  ones stay on your computer even after you leave the site www.waterfallgardens.com. With  your permission, we use cookies to enhance the usability of our site.
The non-persistent ones automatically get destroyed when you log into your Web  browser. We use these cookies in applications that follow in the footsteps of  your online session and allow you to complete an application or using a  function.
Access to this Site may involve the use of cookies, both in its pages and those  pages linked or referenced through links. If you do not wish to receive cookies  or want to be informed of their attachment, you can set your browser to that  effect. 
 
5. What we use your personal information for
The information contained in www.waterfallgardens.com can be used to improve the customer experience:

Confirm hotel  reservations
Request the  evaluation of their stay in a hotel with a satisfaction survey
Send e-mail  messages related to a hotel stay
Send items you  have redeemed online
Respond to questions  or requests addressed to customer service
Communicate  special offers and news, if you choose to receive such notices
Personalize  your use of our web sites

6. Disclaimer of warranties and responsibility: 

www.waterfallgardens.com is  not liable under any circumstances for damages of any kind, which may cause:  errors or omissions in the content, non-availability of the website or the  transmission of viruses or malicious programs or harmful content, despite  having taken all necessary technical measures to prevent it. 
 
7. Modifications:
www.waterfallgardens.com reserves the right to make unannounced changes in its Site, delete or add  content and services provided through the same as the way they are presented or  located on the site.
www.waterfallgardens.com reserves the right to change its security policy and data protection at their  discretion, provided under the current legislation on data protection with  effect from the date of publication of this change on the website.
 
8. Links to other websites
www.waterfallgardens.com has  links to other sites, the privacy policies of these sites may be different from www.waterfallgardens.com.
We recommend that you check the privacy policies of other websites before  disclosing personal information. In any case, remember that these sites do not  share your personal information with us. 
 
9. Intellectual Property 
All trademarks, trade names or logos of any kind that appear on the Site are  the property of Arenal Springs S.A., in it’s case, third parties who have  authorized their use can not be understood that the use or access the site and  / or content gives the user any rights in any trademarks, trade names and / or  logos, and no implied assigned to you, none of the rights that exist or may  exist in such content.
Similarly the contents are copyrighted by www.waterfallgardens.com, or  third parties in it’s case, therefore, the Intellectual Property rights are the  property of The Springs Costa Rica, third parties who have authorized their  use, which account for exclusive exercise of the rights to use them in any way  and in particular the rights of reproduction, distribution, public  communication and transformation.
The unauthorized use of the information contained on this site, and any breach  of the rights of intellectual or industrial property of The Springs Costa Rica  or third parties included on the Site, which leaded contents, would it be  transferred to the legally established responsibilities. 
 
10. Site Availability
The Springs Costa Rica does not guarantee the absence of errors or  interruptions in access to its site, its content or that they are updated,  although it will make best efforts to, as appropriate, to prevent, correct or  update. Therefore, www.waterfallgardens.com will not be liable for any damages of any type produce as a result of failure  or disconnection of telecommunications networks that produce the suspension,  cancellation or interruption of the Portal services. 

