
Privacy policy
The information in this privacy policy relates to St John
Ambulance® and Support St John Ltd (each of which trades as St John
Supplies®).
Data Protection Act 1998
We are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and abide
by the eight Data Protection principles set out in the Act.
Please direct enquiries to the Data Protection Officer at St
Johns Gate, London EC1M 4DA (telephone 020 7324
4000, fax 020 7324 4001 or email).
Transfer of data outside of the European Union
St John Ambulance operates in the Baliwicks of Guernsey and
Jersey and in the Isle of Man, each of which are outside of the
European Union. Information provided through this website may be
provided to our local offices in those territories and stored in
data retrieval systems in the territory. This will only occur when
you request information or services relating to our operation in
those territories.
Collection of personal data
We will only require you to provide us with the personal
information appropriate for us to complete specific tasks, for
example, when you place an order we require you to provide us with
sufficient personal information so that we may process your order,
despatch it to you and also so that we may contact you in the event
of a problem or to draw your attention to related goods or
services. You may provide us with additional information at your
own discretion.
Use of your information and your preferences
We will use your information to provide and personalise our
service. We will use your contact details to communicate with
you.
We may use your information to send you offers and news about
our products and services and those of our business associates
only when you have opted-in to receive those
communications.
Please note that there may be instances where it may be
necessary for us to communicate with you, in any event, for
administrative or operational reasons relating to our services.
Disclosures of your information
We will only disclosure your information in the manner permitted
by our registration or where required to do so by law. In
particular we may disclosure information to other parts of the
St John Ambulance‘group’ and to our business
associates/successors.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites which are
outside our control and are not covered by this privacy policy. If
you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of
these sites may collect information from you which will be used by
them in accordance with their privacy policy.

Use of cookies
To make full use of the online shopping and personalised
features on St John Ambulance websites (sja.org.uk,
stjohnsupplies.co.uk and teachthedifference.org.uk), your computer,
tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies, as we can only
provide you with certain personalised features of this website by
using them.
Our cookies don't store sensitive information such as your name,
address or payment details: they simply hold the 'key' that, once
you're signed in, is associated with this information. However, if
you'd prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from St John
Ambulance you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is
different, so check the 'Help' menu of your particular browser (or
your mobile phone's handset manual) to learn how to change your
cookie preferences.
More information about cookies and how to control how they are
set can be found at www.allaboutcookies.org
Our website uses three types of cookies:
Strictly necessary
We use strictly necessary cookies to maintain information about
your session on our server. These allow us to maintain your
shopping basket and improve navigation on our site. View the
list of strictly necessary cookies used
by our site.
Please note you must allow the use of cookies for this website
in order to shop with St John Ambulance online.
Functionality
We use functionality cookies to allow the site to recognise you
when you return to our pages or if you login whilst you are on the
site, to remember you until you close your web browser. These
cookies let us know your preferences and allow you to skip tasks
you have already carried out such as completing form information.
The functionality cookies we place on your computer only contain a
reference so that we can access your personal information. No
personal information is contained within the cookies. View the
list of functionality cookies used by
our site.
Performance
We use performance cookies to provide tracking of your activity
on the website - see website tracking below. These cookies are not
linked to any personal information about you and are used to
provide generic statistical information about patterns of activity
on our website. View the list of performance
cookies used by our site.
Targeting or advertising
St John Ambulance does not use target or advertising cookies on
our websites.
Third-party cookies
Embedded content
We sometimes embed photos and video content from websites such
as YouTube or Wistia. As a result, when you visit a page containing
such content, you may be presented with cookies from these
websites. St John Ambulance does not control the dissemination of
these cookies and you should check the relevant third party's
website for more information.
Sharing tools
St John Ambulance also uses embedded ‘share’ buttons on some of
our web pages; these enable users to easily share content with
their friends through a number of popular social networks. When you
click on one of these buttons, a cookie may be set by the service
you have chosen to share content through. Again, St John Ambulance
does not control the dissemination of these cookies.
Privacy of personal data
We aim to protect the security of your personal data at all
times. We aim to accomplish this by using a combination of methods
including, but not limited to: 

Whenever your personal information is exchanged between your
web browser and our web server we use highly effective methods of
encryption - this is currently 128 bit SSL (secure sockets layer)
encryption. This makes it extremely difficult for someone to
intercept and read the information being passed between your web
browser and our web server.

Access rights
You have the right to access the personal information that we
hold about you. Requests should be made in writing via the
contact details provided above.

