Artimedia Platform Privacy Policy
Arti-media respects the privacy of its users and therefore it will not, knowingly, disclose personal identifiable information ("Identified Information") about you with any third-party but in accordance to this Privacy Policy. Identified Information may include your name, phone number, email address etc., and further business identifiable information, as you may provide us in your registration process or when you contact us.
If you register as user in the Network, Arti-media shall collect and save Identified Information from your account as you provided voluntarily. Any such information Arti-media collects is collected for the primary purpose of enabling Arti-media to provide and enhance the service offered to you and to other Arti-media's customers through the Network. Further information may be collected when we exchange communications with you, for example, when you submit an inquiry, or if our designated copyright agent contacts you.
If you are not a registered user, than we will not knowingly make use of any information which personally identifies you, except as specifically indicated in this policy.
Arti-media may collect and use anonymous, NOT personally identifiable information (which does not identify a specific individual) ("Non Personal Information") received from third parties, such as web site owners who provides such information on their viewers, as per to their privacy policies. Arti-media may use cookies in order to collect such information. Cookies are packets of information sent by Arti-media's servers to third parties and to its viewers' browser, and then sent back by the browser. Some of the cookies may expire when the session ends and you exit your browser. Other cookies may be stored on your and/or the viewers' computer's hard drive. In order to block the cookies, use the help button in your browser and follow the necessary instructions. However, bear in mind that disabling cookies may complicate or even prevent using the Network, or certain features thereof.
Such Non Personal Information is used by Arti-media for enhancement of the Network performances, adjusted advertising-serving purposes, and marketing and/or research purposes. In addition, Arti-media may conduct web analytics with respect to an individual’s interaction with the Network.
As part of the operation of the Network, Arti-media monitors and collects data about the access and use of advertisements, and will further monitor the redirection of the viewers from such advertisements to third parties' websites and web pages.
Arti-media will not sell, share, or otherwise distribute any of the collected information to third parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy. Arti-media may disclose the collected information to other affiliates and/or representatives worldwide that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy for the purpose of providing the Services as per the Advertising Agreement published at http://console.advsnx.net/advertiser/agreement.html.
Any collected Information may also be transferred to a third party in the event of sale, merger or any other activity related to all or substantial assets of Arti-media.
Also, collected information may be disclosed to a third party if Arti-media is required to do so because of an applicable law, court order or governmental regulation, or if such disclosure is otherwise necessary in support of any criminal or other legal investigation or proceeding here or abroad.
Arti-media uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the security of your personal and business information. Nevertheless, Arti-media cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information uploaded into the Network. Any transmission of information is made at your own risk. Once Arti-media receives your transmission of information, we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of the Network. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of Arti-media's safeguards.
You may correct or update certain Identified Information by logging into your account in the Network and make the change on your personal information page.
Arti-media may delete your Identified Information from its systems or anonymize it within a year after you dismiss your account or if we deem it no longer necessary for the reasonable business needs of the Network.
Arti-media may revise this Privacy Policy at any time, in its sole discretion. All changes to this Privacy Policy shall apply immediately after your first use of the Service. We suggest you to periodically review this Privacy Policy.
If you no longer desire our services or wish to delete or deactivate your account, you can contact us at support@arti-media.net

