Artimedia Platform End User Privacy Policy
Arti-media Technologies Ltd. and/or any of its Affiliates (“Arti-media”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”), respects your privacy.
Arti-media had developed and operates a programmatic video advertising platform for campaign management (the “Services”).
This privacy policy (the “Policy”) explains our privacy practices for our Services, including the way your personal information and data are collected and used, and the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.

Information Automatically Collected
We, and our "Partners" (which include third party service providers, publishers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and distribution or other partners) may use automated means to collect various types of Information about you, your computer or other device used to access our Services, such as: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (such as: Chrome, Safari, I.E.), the type of operating system you are using, (such as: Microsoft Windows or Mac Operating Systems), the name of your Internet service provider, mobile network, device identifiers (such as an Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID), device settings, browser settings, the web pages you have visited, visited before and after you visit a Service, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the Service (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on.
If you are accessing, using or presented with our Service from a mobile device or through a mobile application, and pre-approved to share your precise (GPS level) geo-location information, such information may be shared with us as well.

Information Shared with Us
We may receive other information collected by third parties which may include information you voluntarily provided or was collected from you. We are not responsible for that shared Information, nor for its collection or sharing practices or authorizations. Such shared Information shall be used in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Policy, and it will be added to or combined with collected, used and/or shared information about you under this Policy.
All of the above information, i.e information collected, personal information that you voluntarily provide and information shared with us, shall be referred hereinafter as the “Collected Information”.

Children's Privacy
The Services is not directed to children under 13. The Personal information about children who are under 13 years of age is not knowingly or intentionally collected. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.

How We Use the Collected Information
We, together with our Partners, may use the Collected Information to: (a) customize or personalize ads, offers and content made available to you based on the Collected Information, and analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them; (b) share it with or transferring it to third parties, as detailed hereinafter; (c) perform analysis regarding how you use the Services or any part thereof; (d) enforce the legal terms (including without limitation our policies and terms of service) that govern your use of our Services and/or for the purposes for which you provided the Collected Information; (e) develop new services, improve the Services provide technical support, manage and administrate the Services; (f) comply with any applicable law and assist law enforcement agencies when we have a good faith belief that our cooperation with them meets the applicable legal standards; and (g) take any action in any case of dispute involving you with respect to the Services.
We may combine any of the Collected Information, for any of the above purposes, and may sometimes enhance the Collected Information with other information that we obtain from third party sources.
We or a Partner may use "cookies" or similar technologies to associate the Collected Information or part of it with your device or browser.

Sharing and Transferring Collected Information
The Collected Information may be shared with or transferred to (as the case may be) third parties, in any of the following instances:
(a) our Partners – for the purposes above (Use the Collected Information).
(b) service providers – to operate, maintain and enhance the Services;
(c) competent authorities and with any third party, as may be required – if you have breached the terms or this Policy or violated any applicable law, or in any other case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind involving you with respect to our Services;
(d) relevant authorities, entities or persons – if we reasonably believe that we are required by law to share or disclose your Collected Information;
(e) our Affiliates – for any purpose (“Affiliates” shall mean: any entity or person controls, controlled by our under common control with us).
(f) relevant entity, which undertakes to be bound by the provisions of this Policy, with reasonably necessary changes taken into consideration – upon bankruptcy, dissolution or other liquidation or insolvency events or in the event of merger, sale or transfer of all or a portion of our assets or shares or other reorganization in our ongoing business (upon such transfer or sharing of information, that entity will assume full and exclusive responsibility for all subsequent use and processing it makes of the information and we will be released from any liability to you, regarding the succeeding entity’s use and processing of the information).

Cookies and other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies
By using our Services, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to collect information about you and your usage of the Services through Cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of Cookies by us only and does not cover the use of Cookies by any other third party.
Cookies (which may be HTML files, Flash files or other technology) are text files that help us store user preferences and activity; “Web beacons” (also known as image tags, GIF or web bugs) are small pieces of code used by us to collect data, such as counting page views or promotion views. Cookies, Web beacons, other tracking technologies and/or other equivalent or similar technologies shall be referred hereinafter as “Cookies”.
We may use Cookies to (i) provide our Services; (ii) improve or customize the products, content, offerings, services or advertisements on our Services; (iii) work with Partners to help them advertise to you when you visit other websites or mobile applications, and to help them perform user analytics; (iv) manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through our Services; and (v) analyze how our users interact with advertising on our Services and to learn more about our users. These Cookies do not contain any information intended to identify you personally.
We may work with our Partners (for instance, third party ad platforms) to synchronize unique, anonymous identifiers (such as those associated with cookies) in order to match our Partners' uniquely coded user identifiers to our own. In addition, our Partners and third parties may themselves set and access their own tracking technologies when you visit our Services and they may have access to information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites or applications when you use the Service. Their use of such tracking technologies is not in our control and is subject to their own privacy policies.
You may remove Cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.

Aggregated or anonymized information
We may collect anonymized as well as aggregated information, which does not identify you personally. Such anonymized or aggregated information may be used in any way, including by posting, disseminating, transmitting or otherwise communicating or making it available to any third party.

Third party services, links and advertisements
You may be forwarded from our Services to third parties services for example by clicking on an advertisement supported by our services. In addition, our services may be integrated with, embedded in, linked to or presented together with third parties services, assets or content. Please note that we are not responsible for any privacy practices associated with any third party. In addition, Partners (such as advertisers or ad networks) may be using our services. Although we collect and may transfer or share your data with those Partners, as detailed above, we are not responsible for their privacy practices. Please refer to the privacy policies of those Partners and other third parties, to determine whether their privacy practices are acceptable to you.

Transfer of data outside your territory
Our Services, by their nature as an online service, may store and process information in Europe, the United States and in other various locations throughout the globe. If you are a resident in a jurisdiction where transfer of your personal information to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you hereby provide your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer.

Information Security
Security measures are implemented to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures are unable to provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure your personal information, it is not guaranteed and you cannot reasonably expect that the Services will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unauthorized interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.

Changes to this Policy
This Policy may be changed from time to time. Substantial changes will take effect 15 days after an initial notification is posted. Other changes will take effect 7 days after their initial posting. However, if the Policy is amended to comply with legal requirements, the amendments will become effective immediately upon their initial posting, or as required. You agree to be bound by any of the changes made to this Policy.

Contact Us
You may send requests, responses, questions and complaints to the following email address: info@maryland.cochranfirmcriminaldefense.com.

Last Updated: June 30, 2016.

