
Privacy

We take your privacy seriously
The City of Sydney (the City) makes some use of website data that directly or indirectly identifies users. We take great care with practices that affect personal privacy.
Accountability
The staff who maintain and operate the City website are subject to the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 and Council's privacy management plans, available for download below.
Data collected by the City
Data that in some way identifies the user is gathered during interactions with City websites in the following circumstances:

Computer information
It is a necessary part of visiting any website that your web browser provides your machine's identity (IP address) to the web server so it can address the reply to the correct machine. In addition, the browser type and operating system are provided.
Navigation and clickstream data
Browsing any website generates a trail of the pages you visit and the time apparently spent displaying each page.
User feedback
We seek feedback from our website users to improve the services provided on the site. Providing feedback is voluntary and does not in any way affect your access to the City website.
Polls and surveys
No personal information is collected or retained when you vote online in a City poll. Only the actual vote is recorded.
Subscription details and service requests
Personal information you provide when you register for email newsletters or request services online will only be used for the purpose indicated for that particular service.

Cookies
We manage some aspects of your connection to this website using a facility called a cookie, which identifies and recognises the computer but not the person using the computer, when you visit some parts of our websites.
Cookies are inactive pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for keeping records to make it easier to use our site by storing details about your preferences. Cookies cannot be shared with other websites. The use of cookies is an industry standard and you'll find that most major websites use them.
Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your browser to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. 


Online advertising 
The City uses remarketing services (sometimes called interest-based advertising) to show ads on sites across the internet to previous visitors to our websites. These services allow us to tailor our advertising and marketing content so that it is relevant and suits your needs. This is done using browser cookies, pixels and related technologies that identify whether the computer or mobile device you are using has previously interacted with particular web pages, web services or advertisements. Only non-personal information is collected.
The City uses demand side technology that accesses a number of ad exchanges and publishers as well as Google and Facebook to collect this information on our behalf. You can opt-out of your non-personal information being collected by going to aboutads.info/choices/ and selecting ‘DataXu inc’, ‘Facebook Inc’ and ‘Google Inc’. 
Data storage, use, disclosure and retention
All data described in the preceding paragraphs may be stored and archived for a period that is yet to be determined but is likely to be at least 1 year and quite probably 7 years. Unless stated otherwise, the data is used by the City and staff involved with maintaining and operating the City website for:

website and system administration, including monitoring to prevent security breaches
customising the website to meet user needs
evaluation, research and development.

Identified data can only be disclosed to the user if the user provides the unique request session number. Personally identified data may be disclosed to a third party only in circumstances where such disclosure is legally authorised, such as in the investigation of a criminal offence in compliance with a search warrant or subpoena.
Users 16 years and under
If you are aged 16 or under, you need your parent or guardian's permission before you provide personal information to the City through our website. Users without parental or guardian consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
Contacts
If you believe that we have not followed the principles of this privacy statement or would like to comment, please contact:
City of Sydney02 9265 9333council@cityofsydney.nsw.gov.au

 