
Virgin Money Giving Ltd is part of the Virgin Money Group.At Virgin Money we look after your details carefully. All Virgin Money Group companies work strictly in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and are registered on the public register of data controllers maintained by the Information Commissioner.This policy describes how Virgin Money Giving Ltd (‘we’) collect, use and look after the information you provide us with when you use Virgin Money Giving.1. Information we collect1.1 This is what we normally collect about you to help us provide you with the Virgin Money Giving service, and to improve it even more, where we can:1.2 Name, address, email, telephone number and payment details.1.3 If you choose to link your account to register and/or log in with Facebook, we will collect your email address, name, profile picture (if you have one) and unique ID from Facebook.1.4 Information on how you use our service to help us develop and improve our service, including details of your domain name and Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser version, cookie details, how long you stayed on a page, the route you took to navigate through the pages and the website that you visited prior to accessing our service.1.5 Other data we occasionally ask you to provide us with, for example now and again we might ask you to fill in a questionnaire, just so you can let us know how we're doing.2. Using your information2.1 Collecting this information helps us better understand what you need from us. We use it to offer you fundraising news and promotions we think will be of interest to you, to allow charities and fundraisers to contact you in connection with your fundraising or donation activity, and to attempt to improve your browsing experience. The main uses of your data are:2.1.1 To help provide the Virgin Money Giving service.2.1.2 To provide access to privileged areas of the Virgin Money Giving websites.2.1.3 To fulfil our regulatory obligations in relation to the payment services that we provide.2.1.4 To administer contests and competitions and personalise your visit to our sites.2.1.5 To carry out statistical analysis, system testing and research to help us review, develop and improve the products and services.2.1.6 To send you details of our fundraising news and promotions and updates on Virgin Money’s products and services where you have agreed. To allow the charities you fundraise for or donate to contact you with their news and promotions where you agree. To allow fundraisers you donate to to email you with updates on their fundraising where you agree. However, it's up to you to decide whether or not you want to receive this information and you have the option to opt out at any time.2.1.7 To prevent fraud and money laundering.3. Disclosing your information3.1 Here's when we may provide information about you:3.1.1 To employees and partners of Virgin Money Giving to deal with any accounts, products and services provided to you by Virgin Money Giving or our group companies now or in the future.3.1.2 To charities and other organisations that you donate or make event fee payments to.3.1.3 To fundraisers that you support.3.1.4 To Virgin Money group companies and other organisations involved in the processing of donations and/or organising of fundraising events.3.2 We will not pass on your personal information to third parties except in accordance with this policy and our Terms and Conditions or where we are required by law to disclose that information.4. Protecting your information4.1 Any information sent to us is encrypted (scrambled) using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. This is industry standard encryption technology that protects data whilst being sent over the internet from being intercepted and misused by third parties. When it reaches us, we then store it on a secure server so that it can only be read by authorised personnel. Although we make every effort to create a secure environment for personal information, Virgin Money Giving cannot guarantee the safety of any personal information you transmit to Virgin Money Giving online.4.2 We will not ask you for your Virgin Money Giving identification and authentication details in an unsolicited phone call or unsolicited email. You are responsible for keeping your authentication details secure and you should not disclose them to anyone (unless you wish to authorise them to access your account).5. Accessing your informationYou're welcome to ask us what information we have about you, any time you like. If you need us to send it to you, it'll cost £10 - that covers the cost of our administration. If any of the details are incorrect, let us know and we'll amend them right away. If you'd like us to send your information, you can write to our team at the address at the bottom of this policy, enclosing a cheque or postal order for £10 made payable to Virgin Money Giving.6. Other people’s informationIf you provide us with someone else’s personal details (for example when you’re creating a page for Someone Special) you must make sure that you have that person’s consent to provide us with their details, particularly if you’re giving us sensitive information about an illness or health condition.7. Marketing our products and services7.1 We may use your personal information to contact you via email with details of our fundraising news and promotions. We may also contact you via email with updates on Virgin Money’s products and services but we won’t share your personal information with them. The charities you fundraise for or donate to may also use your personal information to contact you by email or post with information about their news and promotions. We may disclose your personal information to them for these purposes.It is up to you to decide whether or not you want to receive this information and you have the option to opt out at any time.7.2 If you wish to receive fundraising new and promotions from us and you have not previously given us your consent, let us know by emailing us at theteam@virginmoneygiving.com. If you're already receiving this information about special offers and rewards from us then don't worry, you don't need to do anything. We'll assume that you're happy to continue receiving information unless we hear from you.7.3 However if you no longer wish to receive such information from us, the charities, or Virgin companies, please email us at theteam@virginmoneygiving.com. Remember that if you say you do not wish to receive any promotional material from us, this will preclude you from receiving any of our special offers or promotions which may be of interest to you.8. CookiesBy using our website you accept our use of cookies. Cookies are small text files held on your computer which we use to help us to give customers the best experience possible on our website and to let us understand how customers use our website. Some cookies have already been set. You can delete or block cookies but some parts of our website won’t work without them. You can find out more about cookies, how we use them and how you can update your browser settings in our Cookie Policy.9. Data Processed Outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at a destination outside the EEA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us, one of our group companies, a charity we work with or one of our partners in order to provide, amongst other things, disaster recovery and support services. By submitting your personal data you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.Contacting usIf you have any comments or queries concerning the website or Virgin Money Giving's service, please email us at theteam@virginmoneygiving.comIf you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information you should write to the Data Protection Officer, Virgin Money Giving, 28 St Andrews Square, Edinburgh, EH1 2AF.

