
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy

At Iglu we use cookies to enhance your experience of using our website. The information is used to customise your visit by storing your search details to the browser, saving your shortlists and for interacting with Facebook from within our site. By storing cookies it enables us to save your recent searches and the holidays you have viewed, in order to save you time when you revisit the site.
We also use cookies and software tools to collect and analyse site usage data, related to customer use and patterns. This data is used to improve our websites and enhance the users experience.
Our cookies are also used by third party sites in order to provide advertising that is relevant. This relevance is based on a profile built form your previous visits to our sites, including the products you have visited. 
We do not store any personal information in a cookie. By visiting our website you are consenting to our Privacy & Cookie policy.

General Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy 
Because your privacy is important to us, we do not sell, rent or trade your  personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your express consent.  We do provide your Personal Information to necessary third-party service providers when  you reserve or purchase travel services through Iglu. We also use your Personal  Information to inform you of new features, services and products from Iglu or  associated companies. If at any time you believe that Iglu has not adhered to these  principles, please notify us by e-mail at editor@iglu.com and we will use all commercially  reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly.
Some information is gathered without you actively providing it, through the use of   various technologies and methods such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and cookies.   These methods do not collect or store personal information. An IP address is a number   assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), so you can access the   internet. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate   information, to determine the fastest route for your computer to use when connecting to our   site, and to administer and improve the site. A cookie is a piece of data stored locally on   your computer and contains information about your activities on the internet. On our website,   we use cookies to track your progress through our site. The information in a cookie does   not contain any personally identifiable information you submit to our site.
Your Booking
In order to process your booking and to ensure that your travel arrangements run smoothly    and meet your requirements we need to use the information you provide such as name, address, any special needs/dietary requirements etc.
We take full responsibility for ensuring that proper security measures are in place to  protect your information. We must pass the information on to the relevant suppliers of your  travel arrangements such as your tour operator, airlines, hotels, transport companies etc.  The information may also be provided to security or credit checking companies, public  authorities such as customs/immigration if required by them, or as required by law.
Additionally,  where your holiday is outside the European Economic Area (EEA), controls on data protection  in your destination may not be as strong as the legal requirements in this country.  We will not, however, pass any information onto any person not responsible for part of your  travel arrangements. This applies to any sensitive information that you give to us such as  details of any disabilities, or dietary/religious requirements.  (If we cannot pass this information to the relevant suppliers, whether in the EEA or not,  we cannot provide your booking. In making this booking, you consent to this information being  passed on to the relevant persons.)
Usually your tour operator or other principal will pass this information onto their  suppliers once we have provided it to them. The tour operator or other principal's use of  your information is subject to their policy, both in respect of your booking and any future  marketing, and is their responsibility. Please ask either us or them for a copy of this if  you would like to see it.
Your data controller is: iglu.com Ltd
You are entitled to a copy of your information held by us. If you would like to see this  please ask us. (We may make a small charge for providing this to you).
We are a Member of ABTA which means you have the benefit of ABTA’s assistance and Code of Conduct. Many of the travel arrangements that we sell are protected in case of the financial failure of the travel company. Please ask us about the protection that applies to your booking.
Agreement Between The Customer And Iglu
You, the customer, are welcome to browse and use this Web site in accordance with the  following terms and conditions. Please read them carefully, because by using this Web site  you are accepting the current terms and conditions, without modification and in total,  as they are set out below. We at Iglu may change the terms and conditions of this Web site  from time to time, so you should check them each time you visit the site.
If you go on to make a holiday booking with Iglu, separate terms and conditions will apply to your reservation and purchase of travel services. We will send you a copy (or direct you to them on the Web site) of those terms and conditions   that apply to your holiday, upon request, before you book.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you should not use or access this site.
What You May And May Not Do Here 
This website is for your personal and non-commercial use. You may view any part of it and  print off one copy of any individual page for your own use. Where a page has a  'Send this to a friend' link, you may do so.
You are not allowed to copy (whether by printing off on to paper, storing on disk,  or in any other way) and distribute, modify, or tamper with in any way the information  contained on this Web site. You are not allowed to copy or use any material from this  Web site for any commercial purpose at all. You may not use this site for the transmission  or posting of any computer viruses, or any material that is offensive, defamatory, or in  any way harmful to this site or its users.

Copyright And Trademark Notice 
All trademarks, copyright and other intellectual property rights in any material  (including text, photographs, and other images and sound) contained on the Iglu Web sites  are either owned by us or has been licensed to Iglu by the rights owners so that we may use  it on our site. You are not allowed to copy or otherwise use any trademarks or trademarked  material that appear on this site without the express permission of the trademark or copyright  owners, nor are you allowed to remove any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property  notices contained in the original material from any pages you copy or print off from this  Web site.
Links To Third-Party Sites 
The Iglu Web sites may contain links to external Web sites not operated by Iglu.  These links are provided in order to help you find information quickly and easily.  We are not responsible for their contents, nor do our links imply any endorsement of the  materials on those Web sites.
Accuracy
We at Iglu have done our best to ensure that the information on this Web site is accurate;  however, we cannot guarantee that all the information, especially that supplied by  third parties (such as tour operators and tourist offices), is correct or complete.  Pages on the site are provided to users 'as is' and 'as available', and may have technical  inaccuracies. We will endeavour to update and correct this site as soon as new information  becomes available to us, but we cannot make any guarantee on when these updates will be made.  Iglu cannot be responsible for any damage or loss that may arise, directly or indirectly,  from the use of information contained on this Web site. All holidays are offered subject to  availability.

Conditions Of Making A Booking With Iglu
If you make a holiday booking with us, you warrant that you are at least 18 years old and  have the legal authority to enter into such an agreement. In addition, you agree that you will  be financially responsible for all charges (including duties, fees and taxes) incurred in the  course of your reservations and booking, and that you will pay them on time, according to the  payment due dates set out in those terms and conditions that apply to your holiday and on your  invoice/confirmation. You are also responsible for the use of this site, and your account,  by others, including without limitation minors under 18 years of age who live with you.
You also agree that all information you or others using this site supply when making a  booking is true and accurate. The travel services and reservations facilities of this Web site  shall be used only to make legitimate reservations and purchases for yourself and others for  whom you are legally authorised to act: any speculative or fraudulent reservations are  prohibited. Overuse or abuse of the travel services provided of this Web site may result in  you being denied access to them.
The suppliers of holiday accommodation and services we take bookings for have their own  terms and conditions, which we will send you or direct you to on the Web site before accepting  your booking. Where Iglu is acting as the supplier of a holiday, our own operator terms and  conditions will apply. We recommend that you read them carefully before booking as they form the  contract between you and the supplier of your holiday. You agree to abide by those terms when you  purchase their goods or services from us.
General Conditions 
The Iglu Web site is provided and maintained by an English-registered company.  This agreement, our business, and the services we offer are governed by the applicable  laws of England and Wales only. By agreeing to these conditions, you accept that any disputes  regarding them will be dealt with in English courts of law. Use of this Web site is  unauthorised in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these  terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph.
This site is provided to assist customers in determining the availability of  travel-related services, and to make legitimate reservations or otherwise transact  business with suppliers, and for no other purposes. The services, sports and activities  listings on this Web site are provided for your information only and do not constitute a  recommendation of their quality or reliability. You must satisfy yourself that their safety  precautions are adequate before entering into any contractual arrangements with the suppliers  of those services, sports and activities while on holiday. These services, sports and  activities companies are not Iglu's suppliers and we can accept no responsibility or liability  for the services they provide to you.
You agree that, except for death and personal injury arising from our negligence,  we shall not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever that arises from your use of the  site or any of the information contained on it. We are not liable for any loss or damage  arising from the customer's inability to access or use the Iglu Web sites. We make no warranty  that the sites, or others that are linked to the sites, are free from computer viruses or  other malicious computer programmes.
Each provision of these terms and conditions, including exclusions and limitations of liability, apply to the extent permitted by law. If any of these conditions, exclusions, or limitations, in whole or in part, is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, it shall be deemed 'severable', which means it will not affect the validity or enforceability of other limitations, exclusions or conditions.

