Privacy Policy The security of your personal information is of utmost importance to us. Below we will set out the Privacy Policy of Iglu.com Limited. As well as Iglu Cruise, we operate under the names of Planet Cruise, Iglu Ski and Iglu Lapland. For any data that we obtain from you, Iglu.com Limited is the data controller the purposes of appropriate data protection laws. Below we outline what data we use, how is used and what choices and rights you have in respect to the data that is held. We are acting in compliance with current data protection laws in the UK and the EU. Future changes to our Privacy Policy will be published on this page. Enquiring about a holiday If enquiring for information or a quote – you are able to contact us via the telephone or by completing a form online. In doing so we will ask for some simple contact details (phone number, email and name) as well as record details of your general or specific requirements. Our team will then use this information to help find you a holiday and communicate options to you. You may ask for our team to stop providing details of holidays or offers tailored to your requirements at any point. Booking a holiday In proceeding to book a holiday, the information that we will require may vary depending on a number of factors. These are:  Whether we are acting as your travel agent or holiday operator. Who is providing individual travel services.  We must pass on the information required by those fulfilling your travel services. We will only pass on information relevant to the service. We will work with any suppliers to ensure that any data passed to them is adequately protected and adheres to the levels of privacy and data security practised by us. In all cases we will record and securely store:  Names of passengers  Dates of birth Contact details such as email address, phone number and address Along with details of the holiday booked, any information that we may need to note for the fulfilment of your holiday as well as details of any communication that we may have with you or your travel service providers.  In some instances we will also need:  Passenger information, such as passport details, details of insurance policies held and next of kin contacts. Any details that you require us to record to ensure that your needs are met. These can include dietary requirements (which we understand, in some cases, may give indication of your religion or ethnic origin) and medical needs (which provide indication of matters of your health). It is essential that your requirements in respect to these special categories of data are passed to travel providers only where appropriate and essential to do so, therefore ensuring the fulfilment of your holiday in accordance with your requirements. Such details will only be collected on the basis of your consent but could be essential for the smooth running of your holiday.  After booking Third Party Review sites. We work with both TrustPilot and Feefo. Once a booking has been completed, we will provide your name, email address and the name of the holiday booked to one of the above companies. Your information is used solely to send a survey on our behalf. This allows us to measure the effectiveness of our services as well as provide you with an opportunity to quickly and easily provide feedback which we can then act upon as necessary. Your feedback is published on the appropriate third party site. In each instance, we will be provided with details of who has left feedback, though you will have the option to publish your feedback anonymously so that you cannot be publically identified. We reserve the right to reply to reviews publically, taking care not to communicate any personal information from which you could be personally identified. Should you not prefer to be contacted by TrustPilot or Feefo or any other third party site that operates similarly, let us know. In asking not to be contacted by such parties will not prejudice the service provided to you in any way. Upon booking, you will be provided with alternative methods of contacting our business directly to provide feedback and get any immediate concerns or queries addressed. Communication about your holiday It is important that we are able to contact you by email, telephone or letter using the contact details obtained at the time of booking to keep you updated about your holiday. This could be to:  Pass on any important information from your tour operator or travel provider such as enforced changes to your holiday. To obtain any further information required Make you aware of services to complement your specific upcoming holiday. To provide all appropriate documentation for your travel.  Future marketing We will only contact you with offers, promotions or details of available products and services under the following circumstances.  You have provided us with explicit consent to do so. You have an active enquiry with us (see ‘Enquiring about a holiday’). You have booked a holiday with us in recent times and we wish to share with you offers for holidays that may similarly interest you.  We will use securely held contact information and details of previous activity including that collected digitally (see below) when you have visited our websites.  We may also collect details of how you use any marketing emails that we may send, including whether you open our emails and what actions you take once you have. Such information may be used to determine the marketing messages that you may see. We assure you that you will always be able to ask us to stop marketing to you at which point any and all direct marketing will cease (with the exception of any campaigns that are currently in the pipeline for despatch – for example direct mailings already submitted for fulfilment). All marketing emails issued by our business will include an ‘unsubscribe’ link. Iglu.com Limited do not sell, trade or rent your personal details to third parties unconnected to your holiday. Details are provided to suppliers connected to your holiday for the purposes of the fulfilment of your holiday only. Digitally collected information Information collected digitally can include your IP address, data from your browser, cookies (pieces of data stored on your computer) and how our website is used and from what kind of device. This can be used for a number of purposes, such as provide aggregate information as to how users may access our site to providing a more individualised service, such as displaying our pages in the right language for example.  Your rights to see, delete or amend data held about you You are entitled to access your personal data held by us at any time. Please email privacy@iglu.com to make such a request. We will be obliged to offer any appropriate details within 30 days of the request. Please do advise us if you are seeking a specific piece or pieces of data. We will only process your data for as long as it is deemed necessary after which time it will be securely deleted. Any concerns about the ongoing processing of data, including any corrections that may need to be made to any information held, should also be directed to privacy@iglu.com. Contact Information: Iglu.com Ltd., 165 The Broadway, London, SW19 1NE
