Website Privacy Statement
Central Bank Website
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. Some technical terms used in this statement are explained at the end of this page.
General Statement 
We fully respect your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your consent. 
Any personal information that you volunteer to us will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.
Any changes to this privacy statement will be posted on this website so you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Statement you should contact our Press Office on 01 224 6299 or e-mail press@centralbank.ie
Collection and use of Personal Information
We do not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us or by using our online feedback form). Any information that you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by us for the purpose for which you provided it.
It is the policy of the Central Bank of Ireland never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our Internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by law.

The technical information will be used only by the Central Bank of Ireland, and only for statistical purposes to help us to increase the usability and accessibility of our website.

You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.
Cookies
To make this website work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this soon.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
 
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., to gather statistics on our website so that we can improve web services for our visitors. Google Analytics uses cookies to identify user sessions, which allows for the collection of important data about how our visitors are using the site.  
Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies for data analysis.  This means that the cookies are linked to our website domain(s), and we will only use that cookie data for statistical analysis related to your browsing behaviour on our websites. If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. Your IP address is also truncated by the last octet prior to its storage using the "_anonymizeIp()" method.
You can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Functional cookies
The following functional cookies allow the website to remember choices you make to provide enhanced, more personal features. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. More information about these cookies are found in the relevant third party websites:

Getsocial.io - social media sharing buttons
Twitter.com - displays the Central Bank twitter feed
YouTube.com - displays Central Bank videos hosted on YouTube

 
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
 
Glossary of Technical Terms Used
Web browser
The piece of software you use to read web pages. Examples are Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Mozilla, Safari and Opera.
IP address
The identifying details for your computer (or your Internet company’s computer), expressed in "internet protocol" code (for example 192.168.72.34). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made.
Cookies
Small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website. Cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can "remember" you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the website.  

