

The Universal Hint System has created this privacy statement in order
to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.  The following
discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for
www.uhs-hints.com.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices
or the content of other web sites, including those we have linked to.
Our privacy policy contains the following information:

What information we collect about you
How we use cookies, which advertisers we work with, and how to use adjust your privacy settings
When we share personally identifiable information about you
Whom to contact about your personal information or this policy in general




 
What information do you collect about me?


Our server automatically collects basic information such as your IP
address, your browser type, and the page that referred you to our
site.  We use this information to help diagnose problems with our
server, to administer and improve our Web site, and to collect broad
demographic and similar information.  Our server may also use this
information to customize the content presented to you.

For subscribers to our opt-in newsletters:
You may ask to receive e-mail newsletters about our site or our
products.  You will receive these newsletters only if you have
requested that we send them to you.  You may choose to stop receiving
future mailings; see the instructions in the newsletter or the opt-out policy below.


For those purchasing our products and services:
We sell our UHS Reader software and related services via an on-line
order form and via other
ordering methods.  Our on-line order form is located on a secure
(SSL) server, so that all orders sent to our web site are protected by
encryption when you send them to us.
If you wish to purchase any of our products, you must provide your
contact information (name, postal mail address, and optionally, your
e-mail address), so that we may process and deliver your order.  If you
purchase these products on-line, you must also provide your credit
card number and expiration date; this information is used to bill you
for the products and services you purchased.
You will receive information and/or questions about your order via
the e-mail address you provide us, if any, and by postal mail.  We
will ask you on our order form whether you wish receive additional
e-mail from us after your order has been processed.  We will contact
you after your order has been processed only if you have indicated
that you wish us to do so.
Customers may change their preferences about receiving future
mailings; see the opt-out
policy section below.




 
How do you use cookies, which advertisers do you work with, and how can I adjust my privacy settings?


We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you
visit our website and to monitor certain pages of our website for the
purpose of reporting website traffic, statistics, advertisement
clickthroughs, and/or other activity on our website. These companies
may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to
compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors.  No
personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email
address, or telephone number) is collected by these technologies.
If you would like more information about this practice and to limit
the cookies placed by these companies, please see their sites
below:
Please note that the list of third-party advertising companies is
subject to change without notice. You may opt out of advertising
cookies from many advertisers -- including some who do not place
advertisements on our website -- by visiting the Network
Advertising Initiative.
We may also use cookies that originate from our own server for
similar purposes.  These cookies are not shared with any other
company.  You may disable cookies and still view our site. See the UHSWeb help page for more
information.



 
Do you share personally identifiable information about me with anyone?


We do not share any personally identifiable information about you
with any third party, except when we reasonably believe that we are
required to so by law, to report activities generally accepted as
abuse or misconduct (e.g., to report users sending us spam to their
internet service providers), or as noted in the section below.

For those purchasing our products and services:
When you place an order with us, we will share certain information
about you with third parties as is absolutely necessary to complete
the processing of your order.  For example, we send credit card
numbers and addresses to the payment processor for authorization and
fraud screening.
We will respond to any valid request from law enforcement agencies
or bank representatives who are investigating any suspected fraud
related to your order.  We also may contact these parties ourselves
if we reasonably suspect that your order is fraudulent.
We will also provide the contact information for customers of the
UHS Reader for MacOS to the developer of that program, Illume
Software.  Illume Software will contact you only if you have also
indicated that you wish us to contact you and will not give your
contact information to anyone else.
You may choose to purchase our products through several third-party
companies.  We will identify when we use these resellers in our
ordering instructions.  We do not share any personally identifiable
information about you with our resellers, except as we reasonably
believe is necessary to assist them in the processing or refunding of
any order that you may place with them.




 
Whom should I contact about my personal information or this policy?


If you no longer wish us to contact you, if you wish us to change
your contact information, or if you have any questions about this
policy, you may reach us by either of the following methods:

You can e-mail us here
You
can send mail to

Universal Hint System
1220 L Street NW #100-174
Washington, DC  20005
United States


 

