Evans Cycles Privacy PolicyPLEASE NOTE:
Evans Cycles values your privacy. We will only share your information with third parties (i) if we have your express permission, or (ii) for statistical and analytical purposes with selected partners who will maintain your information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, maintain it securely and neither contact you nor share your information with anyone else without your express consent. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is Evans Cycles, Camino Park, James Watt Way, Crawley, West Sussex RH10 9TZ.
 
We will collect any information given at the time of the ordering process only to enable us to input and process your order, unless you have given us your consent to use that information more broadly (see below). When you pay for goods your details are passed through our payment service provider system purely for payment processing and anti-fraud purposes, for your protection.
 
Where you have given your consent to be contacted we may use your data to provide you, via email, post, telephone or SMS with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may be of interest to you, or share your details with selected third parties which we believe may be of interest to you. We may use the data in accordance with the preferences expressed in your acceptance of the Evans Cycles cookie policy and terms and conditions of use of the Evans Cycles website. If you wish to be deleted from our mailing list at any time please follow the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
 
You have the right to access any information that we hold about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
If you wish to contact us regarding our privacy policy please use this form to email us or call us on 01293 574 900.
 
COOKIE POLICY
Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item, to store delivery addresses when you register. To understand visitor behaviour on our website and to provide relevant and targeted advertising messages to our site visitors
 
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file which we transfer to your device through your web browser when you visit our website or open certain emails. It enables our own system to recognise you when you visit our website again and improve our service to you. This information can be used to enhance the content of our website and make your use of it easier. For more information about cookies please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
 
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
 
Three types of cookie may be used during your visit to www.evanscycles.com
 
Session cookies – Which allow the site to ‘remember’ content from page to page and are deleted after each visit.
 
Evanscycles.com persistent cookies – Which are saved on your computer for a fixed period (usually a year or longer) and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Persistent cookies are used where we need to know who you are for more than one browsing session. An example of when we might use these cookies would be to store your preferences, so that they are remembered for the next visit. Persistent cookies are not deleted after each visit.
 
Third party cookies – Which are used by our partners, for example, to help us measure site visitors.
 
How to control or delete cookies?
See a list of our main cookies here. For instructions on how to control or delete cookies from your computer please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Cookies
JSESSIONID
Used to recognise repeat visitors to the site and in conjunction with other information we hold to attempt to record specific browsing information (that is, about the way you arrive at the site, pages you view, options you select, information you enter and path you take through the site) against an individual customer profile.

compareProducts
recentlyViewedProduct
evans-cart
evans-uiExperience     determines desktop or mobile site based on device.
Google Analyticsuses cookies based on the JavaScript library being used and supports three types of JavaScript libraries for tracking website usage data:

    •    urchin.js - oldest version of GA tracking code (not used by Evans)
    •    ga.js - used in Classic Google Analytics
    •    analytics.js - used in Universal Analytics

The analytics.js JavaScript library sets the following first party cookies:

    •    _ga cookie - Used to identify unique users and expires after 2 years.
    •    _gat cookie – Doesn’t store information but instead limits the number of requests that have to be made to advertising reporting features e.g. DoubleClick. Expires after 10 minutes.

The ga.js javaScript library sets the following first party cookies:

    •    __utma - Unique visitor cookie which expires after 2 years. GA assign unique ID’s to each visitor to the site. This ID is called the visitor ID and it is made up of a random unique ID and the first time stamp (also known as the time of initial visit)

    •    __utmb – Identifies web session, stores info about the session and refreshes automatically every 30 minutes from the date it was last refreshed
. 
    •    __utmc - Session cookie that historically worked along with _utmb cookie to identify a web session, although not really used anymore.

    •    __utmt - works just like _gat cookie

    •    __utmv - Visitor segmentation cookie which essentially identifies a visor as male, female, sign in and so on. This cookie expires after 2 years from the date of last refresh.

    •    __utmx - Used to determine a user's inclusion in an experiment i.e. A/B testing of different versions of a site. This cookie expires after 18 months from the date of last refresh.

    •    __utmz - Campaign cookie used to store campaign info that expires after 6 months from date of last refresh.
Feedbackify
_fby
This keeps track of session stats, such as how many times the visitor has visited the site, and how many pages have been viewed. This is solely used to determine which (if any) feedback forms should be shown to the visitor.

_fby_last
This keeps track of when feedback forms were last shown to the visitor, so that the same feedback form is not repeatedly shown.
Optimizely
Optimizely uses persistent visitor level cookies to uniquely identify users and track their actions. It sets a number of cookies, each storing a different set of data:

FIRST PARTY COOKIES

optimizelyEndUserId
What: Contains the end user's unique identifier. It is a combination of a timestamp and random number. No information about you or your customer is stored in it.
Example: oeu1383080393924r0.5047421827912331
Expiration: 10 years

optimizelyBuckets
What: Stores JSON of the experiments and variations that a user has been bucketed into. This ensures the user consistently sees the same variation, even over multiple sessions.
Example: {"138736319":"138725428","138750142":"138754098"}
Expiration: 10 years
In a multivariate test, the variations a visitor sees are concatenated with an underscore, like this:
{"experimentID":"section1variationID_section2variationID_section3variationID"}
Example: {"138736319":"138725428_138825412_135555542","138750142":"138754098"}

optimizelySegments
What: Stores JSON of the user's audience and dimension information (e.g., browser, campaign, mobile, source type, custom dimensions).
Example: {"139230617":"direct","139230618":"false","140036362":"gc","159151144":"none"}
Expiration: 10 years

optimizelyRedirect
What: In case of a redirect experiment, stores the variation-ID of the redirect experiment. Optimizely uses it to run any applicable integration code after the redirect is done. This helps us get around the problem of an experiment not being "active" on a redirect page. This is not to be confused with the optimizelyReferrer cookie that is responsible for storing the user's original referring URL.
Expiration: 5 seconds

optimizelyPendingLogEvents
What: Used as a cache of a user's actions between tracking calls. When the tracking call is made the cookie will be wiped. This is to ensure that all events are tracked even if the user is committing actions in rapid succession.
Expiration: 15 seconds

THIRD PARTY COOKIES

optimizelyEndUserId
optimizelyBuckets
optimizelySegments
Hotjar
_hjClosedSurveyInvites
This cookie is set once a visitor interacts with a Survey invitation modal popup. It is used to ensure that the same invite does not re-appear if it has already been shown.

_hjDonePolls
This cookie is set once a visitor completes a poll using the Feedback Poll widget. It is used to ensure that the same poll does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.

_hjMinimizedPolls
This cookie is set once a visitor minimizes a Feedback Poll widget. It is used to ensure that the widget stays minimizes when the visitor navigates through your site.

_hjDoneTestersWidgets
This cookie is set once a visitor submits their information in the Recruit User Testers widget. It is used to ensure that the same form does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.

_hjMinimizedTestersWidgets
This cookie is set once a visitor minimizes a Recruit User Testers widget. It is used to ensure that the widget stays minimizes when the visitor navigates through your site.

_hjDoneSurveys This cookie is set once a visitor completes a survey. It is used to only load the survey content if the visitor hasn't completed the survey yet.
Sub2
Criteo
Turn
Taboola
Affiliate Window
Cookie: aw1302
This cookie contains the affiliate ID
Webgains
Live Person
Fusepump
ESV Digital
Connexity