Thank you for visiting the State Corporation Commission (Commission) web site.  This policy is subject to periodic review and may change without notice. 
    

Portions of our web site let you voluntarily submit information through the use of electronic mail messages (e-mail), forms or other electronic filings and transactions.  Any information you provide will be used for the purpose as described when you submit such information.  It may be necessary to share information you provide with authorized persons in order to process your request or transaction.  Much of the information provided to the Commission is available to the public.
This Privacy Policy covers the following topics:
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
The Commission automatically collects some information about your visit to our web site.  This information may include:
Internet Protocol (IP) address and domain name used 
Type of browser used 
Date and time that you visited this site 
Web pages or services that you accessed at this site. 

This data is used to improve our web services and to help us understand how the public is using our services.  We also use this information for statistical analysis to help us make our site more useful to visitors. 
We collect e-mail information to ensure we respond appropriately. For example, we may need to address issues you identify, make improvements to our web site, or forward your e-mail message to another agency, entity or person for appropriate action.  This information is not otherwise externally shared.
It is our policy to collect no personally identifiable information about you unless that information is required to complete a particular transaction or you choose to provide that information to us.  Should you submit such information, we have the authority, but not the responsibility, to redact personal identifiable information.  
COOKIES
Certain software applications require the placement of a system-created cookie to function properly. The system-created cookie does not contain, collect, or store any identifying information. (A cookie is a small file that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk, usually to keep track of you while you are connected to that site. The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of a site, without having to provide the same information again as you move from one page to another.)
USER IDENTIFICATION AND PASSWORD PROTECTION
Certain applications require authentication through the issuance of User IDs and Passwords. Responsibility for safeguarding the confidentiality of a User ID and Password rests solely with the person to whom the User ID and Password were issued.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES 
Our web site provides links to other web sites we believe to be helpful or relevant.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other web sites.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any site you visit.    
CONTACT INFORMATION
The Commission appreciates feedback on the accuracy of information and the quality of services available through this web site.  For SCC eFile feedback please contact us at SCCeFile@scc.virginia.gov.  For all other feedback please contact Ken Schrad or email the Webmaster.

