

Privacy Policy
World Allergy Organization (WAO) respects the privacy of the members of its Member Societies and other individual visitors who access our websites via the Internet. WAO does not collect patient medical data. The WAO websites exist solely for the purposes of providing educational content for medical professionals, organizational information and news for WAO Member Societies and the collection of information related to the development of WAO scientific meetings such as speaker information, abstracts, and registration information. WAO does not sell or share any information collected on its websites. All WAO databases are accessed only by staff members of the WAO Secretariat.
WAO distributes educational and member information via electronic newsletters to members and other visitors who have opted to receive it by signing up for these newsletters. If a WAO Member Society has granted WAO permission to distribute electronic newsletters and other communications to its members directly, WAO will include the email addresses of these members in its distribution database. Other WAO Member Society offices will forward these electronic communications to their members on behalf of WAO.
WAO currently tracks statistics such as number of visitors, page views, document downloads and geographic distribution of website usage. This information assists WAO in understanding how well the website content is meeting the needs of our members and how easily they are able to access the content they seek. WAO also provides general statistics about the use of educational programs that may be partly funded by educational grants. These statistical reports are anonymous and do not include names or email addresses of members or visitors.
There will be occasions when you initiate contact with WAO and volunteer information about yourself through our Web site or by email. If you sign up for WAO electronic newsletters or meeting updates, for example, you will be providing us information about the WAO Member Society you belong to, your email address and in some cases other contact information. This information is not shared with any other organizations but maintained in a database file that is used only for the specific purpose you intended, such as sending you updated information about the WAO Congress or other scientific meetings. At any point if you do not want to be contacted by WAO, you can choose to 'opt out' of future communications, and WAO will endeavor to respect your wishes. Questions or comments sent to WAO via e-mail are accessed and handled only by the staff of the WAO Secretariat.
WAO contracts with third parties to provide meeting registration and abstract management resources. When you register to attend a meeting, use the speaker resources, or submit an abstract, you will be volunteering to provide WAO with specific contact information. WAO treats this information with complete confidentiality. It is not shared with the parties WAO contracts with and is used only for purpose of developing the scientific meeting. Registrants are provided the opportunity to opt out of meeting communications at any time, and WAO will endeavor to respect your wishes. Similarly, at times WAO contracts with third parties to host educational programs. When you sign up for access to the educational program, you will be providing your name and contact information. WAO uses this information to process continuing medical education (CME) certificates to students and required reports to the CME provider.
WAO may change this privacy policy. When we do, we will post those changes on the privacy policy page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, or you want to stop receiving information from WAO or correct any information you have provided to us, please contact us at info@worldallergy.org.

