





Travel 
					Deals










   





 Special 
					Offers





  All 
					the facts and tips about Peru we suggest you know before 
					making your trip to Peru. Exchange rates, health services, 
					security, embassies, customs, emergencies, medical 
					assistance... Peru is a friendly country, but, as anywhere 
					else, precautions are always important to take. Let's help 
					you to find out how you can visit... 


More





Maps






 











Accepted


















Inti Light Adventures International Group Inc, values 
					your privacy. It is important that you have a clear 
					understanding of our practices with regards to information 
					collection and information usage, that you have full control 
					of which personal information you provide to Inti Light 
					Adventures International Group Inc,.

Information Collected
					When making a booking through Inti Light Adventures 
					International Group Inc,, we need to collect certain details 
					in relation to processing the transaction and fulfilling 
					your order, including (but not limited to) the following: 
					your name, nationality, credit card details, and contact 
					information (email, phone, and fax).

					We also collect your name and email information from 
					submission of your queries via our Inquiry forms.

					You agree that by disclosing your personal information to 
					us, we may include your record in our database.

Use and Care of Information
					Inti Light Adventures International Group Inc, remains the 
					owner of any information collected on the web site and has 
					no intention to change this policy in the future. Use of 
					contact information (e.g. email) is for us to send to you 
					confirmation / related information for your booking/s such 
					as vouchers, etc. You may also receive promotional 
					communications from time to time.

					Should you prefer not to receive promotional emails an 
					unsubscribe link is located below the promotional emails. 
					You may also contact our Customer Service.

					Disclosure of information is limited only to parties (such 
					as hotels, airlines, etc.) connected to fulfilling the 
					service/s you have ordered. Inti Light Adventures 
					International Group Inc, does not sell, rent, or otherwise 
					trade any personal information from our guests to any party 
					for marketing purposes.

					Inti Light Adventures International Group Inc, also reserves 
					the right to disclose personal information only if required 
					to do so by law, or by court order, or by law enforcement or 
					governmental authorities, or in good faith belief that such 
					disclosure is necessary to protect the rights or properties 
					of Inti Light Adventures International Group Inc,, our 
					guests/users, or the public.

					Where links are present that will result in you leaving the 
					Inti Light Adventures International Group Inc, website and 
					being taken to third-party websites, please do note that any 
					information that you may provide to these third-party 
					websites are not covered by Inti Light Adventures 
					International Group Inc,l privacy policy and as such we do 
					recommend that you review their privacy and security 
					policies.

Data Security
					We, at Inti Light Adventures International Group Inc, gives 
					the utmost importance to keeping your data secure at all 
					times. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, a strong 
					encryption technology to ensure the safe transmission of all 
					credit card transactions and personal information, is 
					implemented.

					A digital certificate from Thawte, a recognized industry 
					leader has been obtained. You can view this site certificate 
					on the secure pages by clicking on the padlock icon (or 
					solid key) found on the status bar of your browser.

Cookies
					Inti Light Adventures International Group Inc, may use 
					technologies such as “cookies” in order to record session 
					information, collect visit and access details to our web 
					pages that enable us to continue to improve our services and 
					provide better and useful features to our site users/guests.

					Cookies are pieces of information that are normally used by 
					many websites for record-keeping purposes that can help 
					sites remember, for example, your preferences. A cookie, in 
					and of itself does not personally identify any user/guest.

Changes to the policy
					Kindly note that this privacy policy may be updated every 
					now and then. For any significant changes, a more prominent 
					notice will be provided.
 




 



 

















Remember  
						us!






 Online 
						Support







  Chat 
						Online





 




 Travel Information



Peru 
						tourism and travel information including facts, maps, 
						history, culture, transport and weather in Peru. Peru, 
						Transport in Peru, Weather, Travel Guides, Guidebooks, 
						Advice, Travel Information, Tips, Climate, History, Work, 
						Volunteering, Attractions, Entertainment, Shopping, 
						Trips, Itineraries......More 




