3. Information that we share
We share your information with service providers that assist us in delivering our Services, with information processors to help us communicate with and better understand our subscribers, and with marketing partners such as automakers, who market SiriusXM Canada services on our behalf. These third parties have access to your personal information only to the extent necessary to perform the functions they carry out on our behalf, are not permitted to use it for other purposes, and are bound to keep the information strictly confidential. We will also share your information when required or compelled to by law.
a. With service providers
We share your personal information with service providers who we use to deliver the Services and service providers who help us optimize and market our Services. For example we have partnered with other companies to provide infrastructure and IT services, personalize and optimize our Site and Services, process credit card transactions, provide customer service, fulfill orders, administer rebates and promotional offers, collect debts, analyze and enhance data, and process consumer surveys.
b. With external processors and marketing service providers
We share your information with trusted third parties to analyze personal information for us, including in order to better understand our subscribers, to improve our marketing, and to communicate more effectively with you.
c. With marketing partners
On occasion we will share information with third party marketers. For example, we may share information with our automaker partners to help them maintain up to date ownership information on the vehicles they sell and lease. We may also share information with third parties in order to provide you with offers and promotions we feel may be of value to you. You may withdraw your consent for such information sharing without any impact on your Services.
d. With professional services providers
We may share your information where necessary with our professional service providers such as our external lawyers, accountants, and other professional services advisers.
e. Non-identifying information
We may share aggregated information that does not identify you personally with the public or our partners. For example, we may share aggregated statistical information publicly to show trends about the general use of our Site and Services.
f. Legal disclosures
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:

meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
enforce our Customer Agreement and our legal relationships with third parties, including investigation of potential violations
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues

g. Business Transfers
If SiriusXM is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we may share aggregated information with potential purchasers on a confidential basis solely to allow them to assess the business opportunity. In the event such a transaction is completed, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give you notice before your personal information is transferred to an acquirer.
