We use technology such as “cookies” to help us provide customized services and as a means to collect dependable and consistent traffic data.  A “cookie” is a small piece of data that is sent to a user’s browser from a web server and stored on a user’s hard drive.
These cookies, along with other technologies, such as web beacons, also may be used by Mountain News corporate partners and on co-branded websites to help us understand how you use our products and Sites and better provide advertising to you.
In addition, we may use third-party advertising companies to customize the advertisements you see on our Sites, on other websites, or on your mobile or other devices.  These companies may use cookies, web beacons, or other technologies to collect information about your use of our Sites and other websites and applications, including in particular your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in applications, and links clicked.  We may use this information to analyze data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your online activity.
Our service providers are bound by contract to keep your Personal Information confidential and use it only to perform services on our behalf.  For more information about online behavioral advertising, or to learn about your choices related to such practices, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
You can modify your cookies preferences and choose to refuse cookies.  However, if you decide to block all cookies, you may not have full access to all functionalities and pages of our Sites.
Please note that most browsers allow you to manage your cookies preferences by changing your settings.  You may set your browser to: (i) automatically accept or refuse all cookies; (ii) automatically accept or refuse first party cookies and/or third parties cookies; or (iii) notify you before any cookies are placed, so that you get the opportunity to decide whether you are willing to accept a cookie or not.
Consequently, if you accept cookies in the first place but later change your mind and want to opt out, you may use your browser settings for deleting cookies already placed on your electronic devices and/or change your browser settings to refuse any further cookies or particular further cookies.
In addition, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers, or http://www.youronlinechoices.com/, which enables you to manage the advertisement cookies placed on your devices.
Mountain News uses Adobe Audience Manager and Google Analytics to better understand how you use our Sites across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions to you.
