
Timeform terms of use for desktop website and app
These Terms of Use exist between you and Timeform Limited ("Timeform"). By using Timeform desktop and/or mobile sites/apps and by registering with Timeform you agree to be bound by, and comply with, the Terms of Use.
Users must be over 18 years of age. Timeform information is supplied for the exclusive use of the individual subscriber and must not be copied, reproduced or distributed in any way without explicit permission in writing. Please read our full copyright notice below. Commercial users in any doubt about whether their current or intended usage infringes these terms should contact Timeform for clarification.
If we make significant changes to these Terms of Use we will take appropriate steps to bring such changes to your attention (such as by placing a notice of change in a prominent position on the Timeform web site). It is your responsibility to check those Terms of Use from time to time to ensure you agree with them and your continued use of the Timeform web site will be deemed to be your acceptance of any changes to the Terms of Use.
These terms were last updated on 24th February 2016 to make explicit that the terms refer to both desktop site and app, to remove some obsolete references, and to add conditions relating to bets placed using links from the desktop site or app.
Availability
We will make every reasonable effort to ensure the desktop and/or mobile sites/apps areis continuously available and that interruptions to service will be kept to a minimum and, where possible, advertised in advance. However, we do not promise that the website, products or individual features will be available at all times or at specific times. There will be no right to compensation or refunds, in full or part, arising from interruptions to service or non-availability of products unless expressly covered elsewhere in these terms and conditions nor any liability accepted for losses, direct or implied, arising from the same.
Registration
In order to access some content, and to make any purchase, you will need to be registered. There is no charge to register.
To register you are required to complete all mandatory fields, including a permanent email address at which you can be contacted in the event of queries about your account. We do not accept registrations from email domains specifically designed to offer temporary mailboxes and, for security reasons, we reserve the right not to respond to account enquiries sent from different addresses. You may opt out of promotional emails at any time using the account management page.
Certain services may not be available in certain countries due to regulatory conditions.
Concerned about privacy? See our privacy policy below.
Account Balances and Account Management
Account balances held with Timeform may only be used to purchase goods and services from Timeform. For the avoidance of doubt, any bets placed with Third Party Bookmakers via the Timeform desktop and mobile sites/apps are transactions between you and the Third Party Bookmaker alone and such bets may not be placed using money held in any Timeform account.
To fund an account online you must use a credit or debit card. If you wish to fund an account using bank transfer or cheque please contact our customer services team for more information.
The minimum online transaction is currently £5. (Please note that all transactions are posted in GB sterling, so the amount paid may vary for international customers.) The charge for any download is then deducted from your current timeform.com account balance, but only once you have confirmed the download request. If an account balance neither increases nor decreases for a consecutive period of four years the account will be considered obsolete and will be closed without further notice.
We may also consider accounts obsolete when they have a zero balance and have not been accessed for a consecutive period of at least three months. Such accounts may also closed without further notice.
Only one user may be logged in to a single account at any time and this user may only have one active internet session.
Promotions and Free Credits
Unless expressly stated, all promotional offers on Timeform goods and services, whether online or offline, are made on the basis of one claim per household. Repeat use of promotion codes is prohibited and the setting up of multiple accounts or other such action in an attempt to avoid restrictions will lead to access to those accounts being denied and balances being removed in full without notice.
Promotional credits (also referred to as 'free credits', the same rules applying to both) are normally awarded through vouchers that form part of specific promotions providing additional free credits for your account.
Promotional credits must be spent within 28 days and may be lost at any time thereafter. We will send an email 14 days before we remove promotional credits. No other notice will be given about the loss or other removal of the free credits.
Your account balance shows in the header whenever you are logged in. Clicking on the balance will take you to your account management page where you can see the split between your real money balance and promotional balance.
Promotional credits may be used only for online services available on this website and may not be used for mail order items or telephone subscription services. No refunds will be given for credits awarded in this way.
Where applicable, and when available, the cost of any eligible transaction will be deducted from your promotional balance before your normal credits are consumed.
Online Timeform Race Cards
Timeform Race Cards for meetings in Britain and Ireland will usually be available by 4.30pm on the day on which final declarations are made. The exception is for meetings for which declarations are made on Saturday. These will normally be published on Sunday morning. Occasionally important festival meetings may also be covered by cards published at the five-day stage.
Members may download the Timeform Race Card for the same meeting up to five times at no extra cost. If you download a Race Card for a meeting which is subsequently abandoned before racing commences, we will return the credit used to your account.
The format of the pdf version of the Race Card is identical to that of the version that is sold on the racecourse and by mail order. You will require the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to open these files.
Printed Timeform Race Cards
Printed Timeform Race Cards are sold at most major racecourses and are available by post for selected meetings. Please contact us for full details of availability.
If a Race Card is not delivered before racing commences, or if a meeting is subsequently abandoned before racing commences, we provide a credit which may be used against a future meeting. We do not provide refunds nor will we email a copy of the card involved (see below).
Important note on printed publications
The printed Timeform Race Card and the online Timeform Race Card are separate publications and have entirely separate pricing structures and promotions. Unless paying for both versions separately, it is not permitted to order a Race Card by post and then download the same card from timeform.com. Nor is it permitted to download a card and then to exchange it for a printed version on the racecourse. Special offers available at timeform.com may not be available on the racecourse (or by post) (and vice versa). The same guidelines apply for other products which are published in both electronic and printed formats, such as Horses To Follow Extra and the Timeform Bloodstock Sales Guide.
Race Passes
Race Passes are available on a per-race basis or by timed access (currently for 1, 7 or 28 days). Timed access begins at the time of purchase unless a valid order is already in progress, in which case the new purchase takes effect immediately following the end of the existing one. The account summary page shows the expiration date and time of the current subscription.
The same charge for timed access applies regardless of your Race Passes usage within that period or of how much racing is scheduled. No refunds will be issued once a subscription has been activated.
We operate a 'fair usage' policy and, while normal behaviour will not contravene this, excessive high-frequency calls may result in temporary suspension of access to timeform.com. Consistent with our copyright policy below, data capture including, but not limited to, screen scraping is expressly prohibited.
When purchased individually, a Race Pass page may be visited 5 times without incurring additional charges. There is no limit to how many runners in the race may be clicked on, nor how many times each of them may be clicked on.
My Timeform
My Timeform is currently available free of charge to registered users.
You may store comments of up to 8,000 characters associated with any horse on the Timeform database and/or opt in to receive email notifications about entries and results for those horses. These emails are not dependent upon or subject to the marketing preferences you have chosen.
Comments must not be profane, libellous or malicious. Timeform does not warrant that these comments will be available at any specific time and there is no right to access the comments in any way other than through normal use of the desktop and mobile sites/apps. Accounts not used for a continuous period of more than 12 months may have the comments and alerts removed.
Any material you add to the site is at your own risk. Timeform accepts no liability for the loss of this material or failure to reproduce content on request or for email alerts that are not delivered on schedule (or at all).
Database Coverage
Timeform provides commentaries and ratings for all horses that have raced in Britain since the early 1990s. Comprehensive coverage of Irish jumps racing began in October 2007, and of Irish Flat racing in February 2008. Selected European pattern races and Grade 1 races in North America are also covered. A larger number of overseas horses are covered by ratings only (see below).
Updating information after the race
Timeform Ratings and commentaries are constantly reviewed in the light of new form evidence. For racing in Britain and Ireland a provisional performance rating appears soon after the race and a report is usually published within a few hours. Note that these initial impressions are always subject to confirmation following broader consultation across the editorial team and that these may occasionally lead to substantial revisions once the full review of the day's racing has been completed. During this period, a very recent performance rating may also be significantly higher or lower than the master rating shown.
The review is normally completed by 17:00 GMT the following day. The most notable exception to this schedule is Saturday racing, which is completed by close of business on Monday. Very occasionally the volume of racing on Bank Holidays means that work on the minor meetings may not be completed to this schedule.
Please note that the same Horse Search enquiry can usually be repeated several times within a given period without additional cost. This means, for example, that if the particular horse enquiry you have requested does not yet incorporate the latest start then you can look again later in the day (or the next day) at no extra cost. We regret it is not possible to provide a specific time by which particular work will be completed.
Ratings for the top horses in the other major racing nations covered by Timeform will normally be revised within two or three days of a start. At busy times, however, there may be a longer delay. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
Timeform Ratings are maintained for all racing in Britain and Ireland, and for significant pattern races in Europe and Grade 1 races in North America. Other ratings, such as those for racing in Dubai, are compiled for the interest of subscribers but may not be available to the same schedule.
Ratings in horse and progeny searches
Please note that the Timeform Rating which appears alongside each horse's name in these searches is the rating the horse would have if it was entered to run today. Horses that have not raced for two seasons or more may be rated a 'dash'. Ratings from each horse's entries in the appropriate Racehorses or Chasers & Hurdlers annual series appear below the commentary.
Archive comments
The information which appears on the Timeform database is relevant to the last occasion on which the horse ran in a race featured in a Timeform publication. It follows that the horse may have run since its Timeform details were last reviewed, particularly in the case of a horse that has been exported from Britain or one that has never raced in this country.
Similarly, where a trainer or owner is shown, these details apply to the last occasion the horse came under the Timeform microscope and they should not be taken to imply that they are still connected with the horse.
Note for bloodstock advertisers
As the Timeform editorial database is constantly being updated it should be used for information purposes only. References to Timeform in bloodstock advertisements should only quote from either the Timeform annuals (Racehorses and Chasers & Hurdlers), Computer Timeform, or the weekly Timeform Black Book. Specific permission to quote from Timeform publications in bloodstock advertisements is not required providing any quotations or ratings are accurately credited.
Timeform Jury
Membership of and/or receipt of any information that forms part of the Timeform information service (including the Jury and Jury Daily) is provided under strict Terms of Use. Information is provided on the express understanding that it is for the customer’s personal use and not for disclosure or resale to any third party. It is a condition of these terms that information must not be disclosed to others or reproduced or published in any form without Timeform’s prior written permission. Timeform owns or has rights to all such information. We reserve the right to initiate legal proceedings against any person breaching these Terms of Use or inducing others to breach these Terms of Use. Use of any Timeform information service shall be deemed acceptance of the Terms of Use for that service.
Charges for the Jury relate to a specific period of time, agreed and identified within the offer to join. Timeform regrets that misunderstandings concerning the duration of a subscription cannot be rectified once a PIN number has been issued. The same charges will apply, regardless of the number of days on which bets are recommended or of the number of days the member calls. Unless stated in the terms of a specific offer, membership of the service will be considered to have begun at the time of placing your order. No refunds will be available on the unused part of any subscription.
Online shop and mail order (timeform.com/shop)
All purchases must be paid for at the time of ordering and items may not be purchased using timeform.com promotional credit balances. Orders will normally be processed during the next working day. (See the contact page for current opening hours.) Please note that, to avoid delays in the despatch of items (many of which contain dated matter), your credit/debit card will be charged at the time of placing the order rather than at the time of despatch.
After successfully placing an order you will receive confirmation to your registered email address, including the details, mailing address, and expected posting date(s). If you do not receive this email please contact shop@timeform.com separately to confirm receipt. Please do not repeat the order, as this may result in multiple charges to your credit/debit card.
If you wish to cancel all or part of an order you must contact shop@timeform.com at least 48 hours before the advised posting date of the item(s) involved.
Items containing dated matter are sent by 1st class post within the UK, but next day delivery is not guaranteed.
A contract is not formed until the first item in your order has been despatched. We verify the amount you have been charged as part of our despatch procedures, and if a product's correct price at the time you placed your order is either lower or higher than that shown at timeform.com/shop we will contact you and invite you to resubmit your order at the correct price.
Advertising statements
Advertising statements regarding Timeform top-rated horses, and races won by them, are based upon the top-rated Flags displayed in the final declared version of the Timeform Race Card and within Race Passes. To ensure consistency in the calculation of performance statistics, if the horse carrying the top-rated Flag for a race is subsequently announced as a non-runner there is considered to be no Timeform top-rated in that contest. Statements relating to other Flags, such as Horses In Focus, are based on the same declared information, not on Flags that may have been shown at other times.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Bet Placement
In addition to the general Terms of Use the following terms apply expressly to Bet Placement through links available on the Timeform desktop and/or mobile sites/apps.
The odds displayed are received directly from selected Third Party Bookmakers and are as close to real-time as possible. All of the odds shown remain the property and responsibility of the Third Party Bookmakers themselves.
All such data is shown in good faith and Timeform does not guarantee its availability or accuracy, nor accept liability for errors in prices, odds, incorrectly calculated winnings, events or markets or odds changes prior to a bet being placed and will not be liable for any loss suffered by any party if the service is unavailable or inaccurate in any way.
Opening a betslip either navigates you to the Third Party Bookmaker’s site or connects you to the Third Party Bookmaker’s betting API. Please ensure you check all your bet details are correct on the betslip before placing a bet. You are solely responsible and liable for all activity that occurs after leaving the Timeform desktop and/or mobile sites/apps and for activity on the Third Party Bookmaker’s account.
Certain promotions may be subject to withdrawal or cancellation and may only be available for specific periods and on certain specific terms. You must ensure that the promotion you are interested in is still available, that you are eligible, and that you understand any terms which apply to it.
Terms and conditions vary between Third Party Bookmakers and you are strongly advised to familiarise yourself with the individual terms and conditions involved. At the discretion of the individual Third Party Bookmaker the following error correction policies may be used:
Incorrect Price
Prior to the start of an event, In-Play or after the event, where an obvious error is identified any open bets will stand and be settled at the bookmakers revised price. Any bet placed where the outcome is already known when the bet was placed will be void.
Wrong Participant
If a wrong participant is quoted for any event, bets placed on that participant will be void and bets on other participants may also be void.
If you are concerned a mistake has been made then contact the Third Party Bookmaker you placed the bet with directly.
COPYRIGHT AND LIABILITY
Copyright in all Timeform Publications is strictly reserved by the Publishers and no material therein may be reproduced stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic mechanical photo-copying recording or otherwise without written permission of Timeform Limited. Timeform is supplied to the purchaser for his personal use and on the understanding that its contents are not disclosed. Except where the purchaser is dealing as a consumer (as defined in the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 Section 12) all conditions warranties or terms relating to fitness for purpose merchantability or condition of the goods and whether implied by Statute Common Law or otherwise are excluded and no responsibility is accepted by the Publishers for any loss whatsoever caused by any acts errors or omissions whether negligent or otherwise of the Publishers their Servants Agents or otherwise.
PRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information may be submitted by you on the Timeform website, such as when registering or when using the desktop and/or mobile sites/apps.
How will your Personal Information be used?
Timeform will process your Personal Information to administer your account, maintain our accounts and records, monitor website usage levels and the quality of the service we provide and to inform you, from time to time, about products and services that we consider may interest you.
To whom and where personal information may be disclosed?
Timeform is a company within The Paddy Power Betfair group of companies (the "Group"). Your Personal Information may be transferred or disclosed to any company within the Group or, subject to appropriate agreement to third parties, for the processing of that Personal Information on our behalf. The Group may, from time to time, retain third parties to process your Personal Information for the purposes listed above and such processing will be governed by a contract in the form required by law.
Where required by law, your Personal Information may also be disclosed to an applicable governmental, regulatory, or enforcement authority.
Consent and General Information
By providing your Personal Information and registering with us or logging on with us when you enter our desktop and/or mobile sites/apps, you explicitly consent to the Group processing and disclosing your Personal Information for the purposes, and otherwise in the manner, set out on this page, or as otherwise provided in accordance with the Terms of Use.
If you wish to qualify, vary, modify or limit your consent in relation to marketing communications or in circumstances where any processing of your data is likely to cause damage or distress or such other circumstances as the law allows then you may do so in accordance with Part II of the Data Protection Act 1998 (UK) by notifying us in writing.
Our contact details are located in the Contact us pages of our website.
You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Information held by the Group in accordance with subject access rules in the Data Protection Act 1998.
In accordance with the Terms of Use, Timeform reserves the right to alter the purposes for which it processes your Personal Information.
How we use cookies
By using the members' area of this website you are accepting cookies. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. The simple cookies we use store your layout preferences and allow us to provide you with products using credit in your account or through the shopping cart at timeform.com/shop.
Cookies also helps us to analyse web traffic. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us to improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose not to accept cookies from timeform.com it will prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

