1. IntroductionRacing Sports Cars takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes how and why we obtain, store and process data which can identify you. We may update this policy from time to time and shall indicate on the web site when changes have been made.2. The Information we collectInformation is collected from you when you register with us, or when you contribute to or use some of the advanced features on the site.  The information we collect is clearly set out on the web page on which we collect it.  See for example our registration page and order form.  In addition, we may collect your IP address and use cookies unless you configure your web browser not to accept them.3. Why we collect itWe collect information about you so that we can personalise your use of the site, assist your use of the site and improve the site generally.  4. SecurityKeeping information about you secure is very important to us. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. As a result, whilst we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information which you send to us, and you do so at your own risk.5. Third party adsWe use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspAmong others we partner with ValueClick Media to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. ValueClick Media may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information (e.g. visits to this site, responses to ads) during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp6. Questions?Should you have any questions or complaints relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please contact us.  We will endeavour to respond to you promptly.