Privacy statement
Redland City Council (RCC) is committed to helping you protect your privacy. RCC will take all reasonable steps to protect the privacy of individuals as required by the Information Privacy Act 2009 and the Information Privacy Principles contained in that Act. 
Collecting your personal information
When collecting your information, RCC will:

tell you what purpose we will be collecting the information
tell you what information is necessary to access RCC’s products and services, including payments and transactions
tell you when the information needs to be passed on to RCC’s contractors and agents who carry out activities on RCC’s behalf
not ask for or collect any personal information about you unless it is necessary to conduct business and meet statutory and regulatory obligations
not pass the information on to other entities without consent unless it is required by law, is necessary for research or the compilation or analysis of statistics in the public interest.

Using your personal information
When you provide RCC with your personal information, RCC will:

use the information to help you use RCC services
gather the data for analysis
remove your personally identifiable characteristics unless you have given us specific consent.

Disclosing your personal information
Council will not disclose your personal information to any other person or organisation unless one of the following reasons applies:

you have given your consent to do so
RCC is required by law or authorised to do so under a law
there are grounds to believe disclosure will prevent a threat to life or health
that person or organisation is providing a service to RCC and is required to maintain the same or comparable privacy principles.

Security of your personal information
RCC is committed to protecting the security of the personal information you provide.  When handling your personal information RCC will:

take reasonable steps to ensure that information we collect, use or disclose is securely stored
store information in password-controlled servers with limited access
monitor transmissions sent to or from RCC for quality control and systems administration
protect your personal information from loss or misuse and from authorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction
operate secure servers, including but not limited to Secure Socket Layer (SSL) 128-bit encrypted connection methods.

Accessing, correcting or updating your information 
You can access the personal information that you give us in accordance with our obligations under the Right to Information Act [PDF 1MB]/Information Privacy Act 2009.
RCC will take all reasonable steps to correct and update your personal information or remove it if it is no longer needed.
You can download the Information Privacy Amendment Application from RCC’s Right to Information website.
You can download RCC’s Privacy Policy [PDF 0.1MB]
Email and other electronic notices
By registering for e-services and in making submissions online you consent to RCC providing any information to you regarding the services in electronic form. RCC may provide such information to you via email at the email address you specified. If you do not consent to receive any notices electronically, you must discontinue your use of the services. RCC reserves the right to terminate your access to and use of the e-services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
Disclaimer
The materials presented on RCC websites are distributed as an information source only, provided solely on the basis that readers will be responsible for making their own assessment of the matters discussed herein and are advised to verify all relevant representation, statements and information. The RCC does not accept liability to any person for the information or advice provided in this website or incorporated into it by reference or for loss or damages incurred as a result of reliance upon the material in this website.
Copyright
All information, files (whether text, code, image (include moving images) graphic or sound in any machine or human readable format) and other material obtained or able to be viewed by accessing this, or any part of this website (website "material") is subject to copyright. Unless expressly provided otherwise, all website material is the property of RCC.
RCC grants to you the right to reproduce website materials for non-commercial purposes, provided the ownership of the material by RCC is acknowledged and the material is not altered substantially. Where any material is expressly stated as not being the property of RCC, the RCC does not, or does not purport to, allow, encourage or otherwise permit the copying or dissemination of the material (other than in the course of viewing this website) and permission must be obtained from the copyright owner.
Use of Redland City Council's logo and crest
The use of Council's logo and crest is strictly prohibited.  
Community input on Council websites
RCC provides information online about community organisations, groups and individuals who contribute to the cultural, social, educational, recreational and economic interests in the Redlands.
These online community listings will include self-managed details of the organisation and/or events and will be provided free of charge. To be included on the website, an eligible group, organisation or individual must apply by completing an online form.
An eligible group is defined as an organisation or collection of like-minded people contributing to the cultural, social, educational, recreational or economic interests in the Redlands and region.
However, the Council has the sole discretion to determine eligibility for inclusion. Council may refuse to include a group organisation or individual from listing or may remove a group organisation or individual from listing at any time for any reason whatsoever, without prior notice.
If your group or organisation fits into one of the following categories, you may be eligible to use the services provided on the Council websites:

Association
Charity
Club
Common Interest
Community service
Educational
Entertainment
Government
Health or medical
Local Business
Markets
Museum and Heritage
Religious
Retail
Shows, festivals
Society
Sport
Support service.

Information for Inclusion
The website is intended for use by anyone in the community and therefore all content must conform to standards below. These standards may be varied by Council from time to time without notice. Council will determine if information meets the standards and may refuse to include any information, at its absolute discretion. On the basis that the content is suitable, community members are most welcome to contribute to council's community directory, forums, events calendar and Facebook and Twitter applications.
The websites cannot be used to promote:

Adult services
Illegal activities
Groups that promote activities that are illegal
Hate groups
Groups that incite or encourage distrust or intolerance of other groups or individuals.

Content will not be placed on the websites that is:

Offensive
Violent
Sexually explicit or suggestive
Supportive of illegal, immoral or unethical behaviour or actions
Misleading
Personal
Discriminatory (e.g. racist or sexist)
Defamatory
Confidential or private
Promotion of services that do not contribute to the cultural, social, educational, recreational or economic interests of Redland City.
Otherwise unlawful (e.g. election material).

Most content contributed by the public is moderated by RCC's web team before being published to the web, except forum and social networking posts, which are post moderated as soon as possible within normal working hours. These may be deleted if deemed inappropriate.
Accuracy of information
It is the responsibility of each group and individual submitter to ensure that all information provided about the group and events of the group appearing on the website is up-to-date and accurate.
RCC takes all reasonable care when reproducing information on the website but does not provide any guarantees for the validity, reliability, timeliness or accuracy of services or information on the RCC websites.
By providing information to RCC for inclusion on the council websites, each group, organisation or individual waives and releases RCC to the full extent permitted by law from any and all claims relating to the usage of the material made available through the website or the views expressed. In no event shall RCC be liable for any incident or consequential damages resulting from use of the material.
Political and election advertising
Council is prohibited from publishing or distributing election material during an election period by the Local Government Act 2009, its associated regulations and Council policies on advertising expenditure. There are also requirements under the Local Government Electoral Act 2011 which prohibit the publication of misleading material. Council policy also states that it must not, during the period of three months preceding an election of the local government, place advertisements which seek to influence support for particular candidates, groups of candidates or potential candidates in the election. All advertising must be accurate, truthful, fair, impartial, lawful and proper.  
RCC on Facebook
You can follow RCC on Facebook. RCC's Facebook account is managed by council's web team, part of the Communications Group.
To connect with the community online, posts will include upcoming events and activities, important news updates, and links to interesting and useful information about the Redlands.
We will reply to you as quickly as possible, however we are available during business hours only. Please contact Council via email, in writing or via our online feedback form if you have a formal request or enquiry, a complaint, or a comment for a community consultation project.

Please be respectful of others and their opinions. Do not reveal any personal or sensitive information about others on this page, including naming of council officers. Any postings/comments deemed to do so will be deleted.
Although RCC takes care in producing the content for Facebook, it does not guarantee that the information is accurate, complete, or current, or that the data is free from defects or malicious code such as viruses.
RCC does not accept any responsibility to you if you incur any loss or damage (however it was caused) in connection with the use of Facebook or any website it links to. Because the Council links to another site does not mean the Council endorses or approves of that site, its operators, or any particular content on that site.
No personal information is collected by Council from Facebook. Your information will not be given to any other person or agency unless you have given us permission or we are required by law. Information you supply is recorded as per Council's Privacy and disclaimer notice. Please also refer to Facebook’s Privacy Policy.

Restrictions about access to and content placed on Council’s Facebook sites relating to local government elections may be put in place to ensure Council’s compliance with the requirements of the Local Government Act 2009 and the Local Government Electoral Act 2011. Inappropriate content may be removed.
RCC on Twitter
You can follow Redland City Council on Twitter at @Redland Council.
Redland City’s Twitter account is managed by council's web team, part of the Communications Group. We aim to connect with the community online. Our tweets will include upcoming events and activities happening in the city, important news updates and links to interesting and useful information about the Redlands. Our following of other Twitter accounts does not imply any endorsement by Council.
We will reply to you as quickly as possible, however we are available during business hours only. Please contact Council via email, in writing or via our online feedback form if you have a formal request or enquiry, a complaint, or a comment for a community engagement project.
If we are following you and you would rather we didn't, please feel free to block us. Refer to Twitter Support for more information on blocking.
Although RCC takes care in producing the content for Twitter, it does not guarantee that the information is accurate, complete, or current.
RCC does not accept any responsibility if you incur any loss or damage (however it was caused) in connection with the use of Twitter or any website it links to. Because the Council links to another site does not mean that the Council endorses or approves of that site, its operators, or any particular content on that site.
No personal information is collected by RCC from Twitter. Your information will not be given to any other person or agency unless you have given us permission or we are required by law. Please also refer to Twitter's Privacy Policy.
