
Terms of Use
Unless specified otherwise in particular terms of use, anyone may reproduce, distribute, adapt, translate and publicly perform the content on this website, without explicit permission, provided that the content is accompanied by an acknowledgement that WIPO is the source and that it is clearly indicated if changes were made to the original content.  This is in line with the Creative Commons – Attribution (BY) 3.0 IGO – license.
The user must not distort, mutilate, modify or take other action in relation to the content published on this site that would be prejudicial to the reputation of WIPO.  Adaptations/translations/derivatives should not carry any WIPO official emblem or logo, and the user may not implicitly or explicitly imply any sponsorship or endorsement by WIPO without the express prior written permission of WIPO.
From September 2016, new WIPO publications, i.e., publications bearing an ISBN or WIPO publication number, as well as other selected content, will be available for use under Creative Commons 3.0 IGO licenses and will be clearly marked as such.
These Terms of Use are not applicable to third-party content.  When content published by WIPO contains material that belongs to one or more third-party right holders, such as images, graphics, trademarks or logos, the user of such content is solely responsible for clearing the rights to that material with the right holder(s).
General disclaimer
WIPO makes every effort to ensure, but cannot and does not guarantee, and makes no warranties as to, the accuracy, accessibility, integrity and timeliness of this information. WIPO assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this site and further disclaims any liability of any nature for any loss howsoever caused in connection with using this website. WIPO may make changes to these materials at any time without notice.
Hyperlinks to other websites are provided as a convenience only, and imply neither responsibility for, nor approval of, the information contained in those other web sites on the part of WIPO. WIPO makes no warranty, either express or implied, as to the accuracy, availability, reliability or content of such information, text, graphics and hyperlinks. WIPO has not tested any software located on other sites and does not make any representations as to the quality, safety, reliability or suitability of such software.
While WIPO makes every effort to ensure that any software available to be downloaded from WIPO's website is free of any software virus, it cannot guarantee that the material is free from any or all software viruses. WIPO is not responsible for any loss or damage howsoever caused by the software and related codes, including viruses and worms.
The collection and retention of personal information by WIPO through its website is subject to the terms of the WIPO Privacy Policy currently in force.
Nothing in or relating to this disclaimer or the WIPO website shall be deemed a waiver of any of the privileges and immunities of WIPO in conformity with the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the Specialized Agencies approved by the General Assembly of the United Nations on November 21, 1947 and with the provisions of the agreement between the Swiss Federal Council and WIPO to determine the organization’s juridical status in Switzerland of December 9, 1970, and of the implementation arrangement of the same date related thereto.
Privacy policy for WIPO websites
This statement discloses the privacy practices for WIPO.
WIPO has adopted a set of information management guidelines that serve as the basis for its relationship with users. These guidelines have been developed with the recognition that digital technologies and underlying business models are rapidly evolving, and that these guidelines are accordingly subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
WIPO is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it may link.
What information does WIPO gather/track about you through its websites?

General registration: During the free registration process for the use of certain pages of WIPO websites, access to certain services, such as the WIPO newsletters, and electronic registration at WIPO conferences and meetings, we may require you to supply an e-mail address and demographic information (address, country, zip code). Subscribers must be of an age such that, according to the laws in force in their country of residence the Disclaimer will be binding on the Subscriber. For this reason, we reserve the right on occasion to request subscribers to disclose their date of birth.
Meetings and conferences: For subsequent electronic correspondence concerning WIPO conferences and meetings, we may request you to supply a unique subscriber ID assigned at the time of initial registration.
IP addresses: WIPO also logs IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration, statistical and troubleshooting purposes.

What does WIPO do with the information?

Contact: We may contact you regarding account status, to confirm registration and to advise you of major changes to the system.
E-mail: Using the e-mail addresses and preferences you provided at registration, we may periodically send you information or promotional e-mail about services, events or publications offered by WIPO.
Statistical analysis: We may perform statistical analyses of the behavior of users of our sites in order to measure interest in the various areas of the website.

With whom does WIPO share the information?

Third parties: WIPO will not provide personal information about you supplied electronically as an individual subscriber to any third party without your consent.
Aggregate disclosure only: WIPO will disclose information supplied electronically to third parties only in aggregate form.
Disclosure: WIPO will provide you all of your personal information provided electronically at registration upon request. This information will only be sent to the e-mail address on file or when the request is supported by the subscriber ID associated with it.
Fora: Any information you disclose when posting a message in any fora, listservers and message boards which WIPO may offer, becomes public. Moreover, subscribers who post a message in WIPO fora and similar services may make their e-mail address available to others through a feature of WIPO fora software, which could result in unsolicited e-mail from other subscribers or parties, for which WIPO declines responsibility.

Opting-out, corrections and cancellations
Upon request, we will:

Correct personal information that you state is erroneous; or
Permit you to “opt out” of further e-mail contact (excepting notification of major changes to the service), either on the original subscriber registration form or at any time subsequently, while still allowing access to the website;
Remove you and your personal information provided electronically from our database, thereby cancelling your registration.

To request a correction or cancellation, please contact us or send an e-mail to the address provided to you at registration for this purpose.

