Terms of Use
By browsing the WIPO website and using its online services, the user agrees to the following:
Unless specified otherwise in particular terms of use, anyone may reproduce, distribute, adapt, translate and publicly perform the content on this website, without explicit permission, provided that the content is accompanied by an acknowledgement that WIPO is the source and that it is clearly indicated if changes were made to the original content.  This is in line with the Creative Commons – Attribution (BY) 3.0 IGO – license.
The user must not distort, mutilate, modify or take other action in relation to the content published on this site that would be prejudicial to the reputation of WIPO.  Adaptations/translations/derivatives should not carry any WIPO official emblem or logo, and the user may not implicitly or explicitly imply any sponsorship or endorsement by WIPO without the express prior written permission of WIPO.
From November 15, 2016, new WIPO publications, i.e., publications bearing an ISBN or WIPO publication number, as well as other selected content, are available for use under Creative Commons 3.0 IGO licenses and clearly marked as such.
These Terms of Use are not applicable to third-party content.  When content published by WIPO contains material that belongs to one or more third-party right holders, such as images, graphics, trademarks or logos, the user of such content is solely responsible for clearing the rights to that material with the right holder(s).
General disclaimer
WIPO makes every effort to ensure, but cannot and does not guarantee, and makes no warranties as to, the accuracy, accessibility, integrity and timeliness of this information. WIPO assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this site and further disclaims any liability of any nature for any loss howsoever caused in connection with using this website. WIPO may make changes to these materials at any time without notice.
Hyperlinks to other websites are provided as a convenience only, and imply neither responsibility for, nor approval of, the information contained in those other web sites on the part of WIPO. WIPO makes no warranty, either express or implied, as to the accuracy, availability, reliability or content of such information, text, graphics and hyperlinks. WIPO has not tested any software located on other sites and does not make any representations as to the quality, safety, reliability or suitability of such software.
While WIPO makes every effort to ensure that any software available to be downloaded from WIPO's website is free of any software virus, it cannot guarantee that the material is free from any or all software viruses. WIPO is not responsible for any loss or damage howsoever caused by the software and related codes, including viruses and worms.
Nothing in or relating to this disclaimer or the WIPO website shall be deemed a waiver of any of the privileges and immunities of WIPO in conformity with the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the Specialized Agencies approved by the General Assembly of the United Nations on November 21, 1947 and with the provisions of the agreement between the Swiss Federal Council and WIPO to determine the organization’s juridical status in Switzerland of December 9, 1970, and of the implementation arrangement of the same date related thereto.
Disclaimer on maps
The designations employed and the presentation of material on maps displayed by WIPO on its website do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Organization concerning the legal status of any country, territory, city or area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries.
Open access policy
WIPO has adopted an Open Access Policy in support of its commitment to the sharing and dissemination of knowledge, and to make its publications easily available to the widest possible audience.
WIPO believes that a fundamental purpose of a balanced and effective intellectual property (IP) system is to provide frameworks and incentives that encourage the creation, dissemination and use of works of the human mind for the economic, cultural and social benefit of all.
WIPO takes a leading role in facilitating universal access to the wealth of knowledge and technology information generated by the international IP system. As the world reference source of IP-related information, WIPO also makes available extensive collections of publications, data, studies, reports, and learning resources.  WIPO’s Open Access Policy formalizes this commitment to knowledge- sharing, providing [more streamlined] access to these resources, and enabling policy-makers, researchers, practitioners and the general public to easily use and build upon them.
What the Open Access Policy does
Under the Open Access Policy, while retaining ownership of the copyright on its content, WIPO facilitates access to its online publications and to other online content published under WIPO’s name, without payment, and minimizes the conditions or restrictions placed on the use of its content.
Unless specified otherwise in particular terms of use, anyone is free to reproduce, distribute, adapt, translate and publicly perform content published online under WIPO’s name, provided that such use is accompanied by an acknowledgement that WIPO is the source, and clearly indicates if changes are made to the original content.
To support the implementation of the Open Access Policy, WIPO will use the Creative Commons Intergovernmental Organizations (CC IGO) licenses  . Creative Commons  licenses are a set of copyright tools and model agreements that facilitate open access to creative content. 
WIPO will apply the CC IGO licenses to new publications (i.e. publications bearing an ISBN or WIPO publication number) that it publishes online on or after November 15, 2016, as well as to other selected content created by WIPO employees or for which internal approval for release was given.
WIPO retains full copyright ownership of all material unless otherwise specified.
Publications published prior to November 15, 2016, for which WIPO owns all the rights will be considered for release under a CC IGO license on a case-by-case basis.
This Open Access Policy is not applicable to third party content. When content published by WIPO contains material that belongs to one or more third-party right holders, including, for example, images, graphics, trademarks or logos etc., anyone wishing to use such content is solely responsible for clearing the rights to that material with the right holder(s).
Personal data and privacy
Ensuring the privacy of our Users’ personal data is of the utmost significance for WIPO. The processing of personal data by WIPO through its website (and other online tools) is subject to the following terms:
Categories of personal data processed by WIPO
When accessing WIPO’s webpage (and other online tools), WIPO may process personal data in the course of the creation of a WIPO Account or the use of certain other WIPO websites and services (e.g., ePCT, WIPO newsletter, WIPO Contact Form, WIPO Conference Registration, etc.). The personal data processed may, inter alia, include the User’s first and last name, address, phone number and email address.
Purpose of the processing
WIPO processes the users’ personal data to fulfill its objective and functions as stipulated in the Convention Establishing the World Intellectual Property Organization. These objectives and functions consist, inter alia, of promoting the protection of intellectual property worldwide, maintaining services facilitating its protection and assembling as well as disseminating information concerning the protection of intellectual property.
WIPO also processes the users’ personal data to reply to requests, to maintain daily operations and systems administration.
WIPO may contact users regarding account status, to confirm registration and to advise Users of major changes to the system.
Using the e-mail addresses provided by users, WIPO may periodically send users information, survey requests or promotional e-mails about services, events or publications offered by WIPO.
Upon request, users may “opt out” of further e-mail contact (except for notifications regarding major changes to the service).
