

	 Grupo Puntacana Privacy Policy 
At Grupo Puntacana as owner of the tourism complex known as Puntacana Resort & Club, brand that includes several activities develop by its subsidiaries and related companies, we respect the privacy of your personal information and are committed to ensuring its proper collection, storage, use and disclosure. Under no circumstances will information be sold or made available to third parties who are not owned by Grupo Puntacana.
We have provided a policy statement that addresses relevant privacy issues for Puntacana Resort & Club.
Personal Information Collected while staying at Puntacana Resort & Club.
Identifying preferences serves to efficiently provide special offerings tailored to the client’s requirements.
Subject to the service accessed, you could be asked to provide information including, but not limited to, your name, email address, preferences and dislikes. When booking online, we request your credit card number and mailing address to complete the reservation.
When visiting our website you may choose to submit information in the following cases:
Apply for a Job
Information provided while visiting our website serves to enhance the services offered on the site, to personalize other special resort offers, to provide you with services and information that might be of interest to you.
Purpose and Usage of the Information
Your personal information will not be used for unforeseen purposes; it will only assist us in enriching the facilities we can provide you. However, in some cases, you may choose not to do so.
All personal information collected will help verify our marketing programs are functional for our customers, operationally adequate, for planning and product development or enhancement, to suit your needs. Personal information is fundamental to participate in various marketing programs like online deals and resort news, which you would receive via the email address or addresses of your preference.  If you chose to provide us your postal address, you may receive periodic newsletters with upcoming events, new products or services. Offers may be based on the information provided and / or your history with us as a customer.
For operational purposes, Puntacana Resort & Club may divulge information to a third party when outsourcing services via mailing houses, outside agency or outside website server is used to mail product updates, newsletters, etc. Puntacana Resort & Club will not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
We may also release information about you where there is a duty to the public to disclose that information, i.e. where the law requires us to do so. On termination of your participation in any of our programs, your contact details will be noted as closed and deleted from our databases.
Opt Out
As a participant in Puntacana Resort & Club programs, one of the benefits of membership may include mailings. These mailings contain details relating to you as well as special promotional offers. If you prefer not to receive these communications, you have the right to opt out. A choice to opt out will be included on these occasions.  Otherwise, you can write to Puntacana Resort & Club to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and request to no longer be sent information.
As a participant, you have the right to request access to the personal information Puntacana Resort & Club holds, relating to you. Please direct such requests in writing to the marketing department This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
All email communications with you require your consent, either explicit or inferred. The emails you receive contain details regarding unsubscribing from our data base.
Security
Puntacana Resort & Club operates secure data networks, protected by the industry standard firewall and password protection systems, to guard against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under the company’s control. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by customers.
Complaints and Enquiries
Please contact our Marketing department by email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. if someone has gained access to your personal information. We will do our best to answer any questions you have and correct any errors on our part.
 