
We use the term “cookies” to refer to cookies and other similar technologies covered by the EU Directive on privacy in electronic communications.
Cookies are small data files that your browser places on your computer or device. Cookies help your browser navigate a website and the cookies themselves cannot collect any information stored on your computer or your files.
When a server uses a web browser to read cookies they can help a website deliver a more user-friendly service. To protect your privacy, your browser only gives a website access to the cookies it has already sent to you.
We use cookies to learn more about the way you interact with our content and help us to improve your experience when visiting our website.
Cookies remember the type of browser you use and which additional browser software you have installed. They also remember your preferences, such as language and region, which remain as your default settings when you revisit the website. Cookies also allow you to rate pages and fill in comment forms.
Some of the cookies we use are session cookies and only last until you close your browser, others are persistent cookies which are stored on your computer for longer. For further details on the various types of cookies that we use, please read our cookie policy (add a link to new page on Cookie types).

How are third party cookies used?

For some of the functions within our websites we use third party suppliers, for example, when you visit a page with videos embedded from or links to YouTube. These videos or links (and any other content from third party suppliers) may contain third party cookies and you may wish to consult the policies of these third party websites for information regarding their use of cookies. For further details on the third party cookies that we use, please read our page on cookie types .

How do I reject and delete cookies?

We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, should you wish to do so, you can choose to reject or block the cookies set by Shell or the websites of any third party suppliers by changing your browser settings – see the Help function within your browser for further details. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies so if you do not wish cookies to be used you may need to actively delete or block the cookies.
You can also visit www.allaboutcookies.org for details on how to delete or reject cookies and for further information on cookies generally. For information on the use of cookies in mobile phone browsers and for details on how to reject or delete such cookies, please refer to your handset manual.
Note, however, that if you reject the use of cookies you will still be able to visit our websites but some of the functions may not work correctly.
 
