This website is operated by Raine & Horne Technology Pty Limited (we, us or our) and includes:

information provided by our franchisees
links to other web sites not operated by Raine & Horne

Your access to and use of information and services included on this website is conditional upon your acceptance of the following terms and conditions of use, and any other terms on this website. We reserve the right to add, change, alter, and delete these terms and conditions without notice.
1. Disclaimer of Warranties & Liabilities
Information on this website has been prepared for your convenience. Your use of this website and its contents is at your own risk. It is the responsibility of the user to independently verify the information made available on the website. We make no warranties that information on this website is reliable, complete, accurate or up-to-date. Information on this website is subject to change.
To the extent permitted by law, Raine & Horne and its officers, employees or agents will not be liable in any way (including for negligence) for loss, damage, costs or expenses suffered by you, or claims made against you through use of:
(a) the website
(b) services or information included on this website. This includes, without limitation:
(i) any other application services provided on the website (ii) any forms or guidelines available on the website
(c) any failure to provide the website. Raine & Horne does not promise the website will be available without disruption,
(d) any information, products or services supplied, offered to be supplied or advertised through the website or on any website linked to this website.
To the extent permitted by law, all warranties, conditions and representations about the website or Raine & Horne’s products or services, the accuracy or timeliness of material, products and services advertised, offered or supplied via the website are excluded.
Where any legislation implies a condition or warranty, and that legislation prohibits us from excluding or modifying the application of, or our liability under any such condition or warranty, that condition or warranty will be deemed included.
However, our liability will be limited for a breach of that condition or warranty to one or more of the following at our election:
(a) if the breach relates to goods:
(i) replacement of goods or supply of equivalent goods (ii) repair of goods, (iii) paying costs of replacing goods or of acquiring equivalent goods or;  (iv) paying cost of having goods repaired.
(b) if breach relates to services:
(i) supplying of services again or; (ii) paying cost of having services supplied again.
2. Your responsibilities
(a) Information on the website
We do not assume liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions on this website. We do not accept responsibility for loss suffered as a result of reliance by you upon the accuracy or currency of information on this website.
(b) Exposure to risks to computer system
You must take your own precautions to ensure that the process that you employ for accessing this website does not expose you to risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which might damage your own computer system.
We and any other party involved in creating producing, or delivering this website, will not be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages, costs, loss of data, customer losses, loss of profits or economic losses or liabilities whatsoever arising out of your access to, or use of, this website. We do we accept responsibility for any interference or damage to your own computer system which arises with your use of this website or any linked website.
3. Indemnity
You indemnify us and our officers, employees, agents and related bodies corporate from and against all actions, claims, suits, demands, damages, liabilities and costs arising out of, or in connection to the use of the website, the services by you or someone using your member identification and password.
4. Links to other sites
Links to other websites are provided for your convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. We: 

do not review, approve, recommend or endorse linked websites or materials or information on those linked websites in any way unless, and to the extent, stipulated to the contrary
make no warranty in relation to material contained on those linked sites
are not responsible for content of linked sites or any off-site pages linked to this site.

You access those linked sites and use products and services made available at those sites solely at your own risk. You do not hold us liable for your access, use or reliance on the linked websites.
5. Security of Information
No data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. While we serve to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us. Accordingly, any information that you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.
You must:
(a) comply with all directions issued by us in relation to the use of your identification and password to parts of the website or services and keep your password secure
(b) notify us immediately if you become aware that your password has been compromised or is known to a third party, or there has been unauthorised use of your identification and password, so we can take steps to deactivate your member identification.
6. Privacy Policy
Some of the information you provide us about yourself is subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information please see our Privacy Policy.
You agree that these terms of conditions of use are governed by the laws in your state or territory.
7. Copyright and disclaimer notices RP Data Pty Ltd trading as CoreLogic
© Copyright 2015 RP Data Pty Ltd trading as CoreLogic (CoreLogic), Local, State, and Commonwealth Governments. All rights reserved. No reproduction, publication, adaption, modification, public communication, distribution or transmission of the materials published on this website is permitted whether in whole or in part. This materials published on this website are provided for personal or internal business purposes only unless otherwise agreed in writing.
The information provided on this website is current as at the publication date only. CoreLogic does not warrant accuracy or completeness in the information it supplies and, to the full extent permitted by law, excludes all liability for any loss or damage arising from or in connection with the supply or use of the whole or any part of the information on this website through any cause whatsoever.
This materials published on this website provide general information only and are not intended as advice or a professional property appraisal and should not be relied upon as such. The information provided does not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or personal needs and may depend on statistical models and assumptions which may be incomplete or wrong, negatively impacting the accuracy of this publication. You should make your own inquiries and, if necessary, obtain independent financial advice tailored to your specific circumstances before making any investment decisions.
Queensland DataBased on or contains data provided by the State of Queensland (Department of Natural Resources and Mines) 2015. In consideration of the State permitting use of this data you acknowledge and agree that the State gives no warranty in relation to the data (including accuracy, reliability, completeness, currency or suitability) and accepts no liability (including without limitation, liability in negligence) for any loss, damage or costs (including consequential damage) relating to any use of the data. Data must not be used for direct marketing or be used in breach of the privacy laws.
South Australian DataThis information is based on data supplied by the South Australian Government and is published by permission. The South Australian Government does not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the published information or suitability for any purpose of the published information or the underlying data.
New South Wales DataContains property sales information provided under licence from the Land and Property Information (“LPI”). RP Data Pty Ltd trading as CoreLogic is authorised as a Property Sales Information provider by the LPI.
Victorian DataThe State of Victoria owns the copyright in the Property Sales Data and reproduction of that data in any way without the consent of the State of Victoria will constitute a breach of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth). The State of Victoria does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Property Sales Data and any person using or relying upon such information does so on the basis that the State of Victoria accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any errors, faults, defects or omissions in the information supplied.
Western Australian DataBased on information provided by and with the permission of the Western Australian Land Information Authority (2015) trading as Landgate.
Australian Capital Territory DataThe Territory Data is the property of the Australian Capital Territory. No part of it may in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, microcopying, photocopying, recording or otherwise) be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted without prior written permission. Enquiries should be directed to: Director, Customer Services ACT Planning and Land Authority GPO Box 1908 Canberra ACT 2601.
Tasmanian DataThis product incorporates data that is copyright owned by the Crown in Right of Tasmania. The data has been used in the product with the permission of the Crown in Right of Tasmania. The Crown in Right of Tasmania and its employees and agents:
a) give no warranty regarding the data's accuracy, completeness, currency or suitability for any particular purpose; and
b) do not accept liability howsoever arising, including but not limited to negligence for any loss resulting from the use of or reliance upon the data.
Base data from the LIST © State of Tasmania http://www.thelist.tas.gov.au
