







877-Breezes • (877) 273-3937 • (954) 925-0925






We are committed to honoring and protecting the privacy of the users of our web site. Our intention is to utilize any information collected to better understand our guests' needs and to provide better guest service.





Breezes Resorts & Spas - and our parent company, The SuperClubs Collection of Hotels and Resorts - are committed to honoring and protecting the privacy of our guests, customers and website visitors. We are not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.
 
In this Privacy Policy we’re providing details about when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. Our intention is to utilize any information collected to better understand our guests’ and users’ needs and to provide better guest service.
 
If any guest information has been volunteered during the quote or booking process or during check-in at the hotel, we may utilize that information to notify you about issues related to reservations and to inform you about special promotions and announcements. An unsubscribe link is supplied with every distributed email. We may utilize contracted third-party entities from time to time to assist with these communications.
 
This information will not be sold or leased to any other organizations for commercial purposes.





To make this website work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this, too.
 
The Breezes Resorts & Spas website (www.breezes.com) places cookies (small data files) on your computer or hand-held device. This is a standard practice for all websites. Cookies are essential for helping us deliver a high-quality website and online pricing and booking experience for our customers, and some collect information about browsing and buying behavior.
 
By using and browsing the Breezes Resorts & Spas website, you consent to cookies being used in accordance with our policy. If you do not consent, you must disable cookies or refrain from using the site.
 
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display performances) over a period of time, so you don’t have to re-enter this information each time you return to our website and browse from one page to another. Cookies are used for various performance, functionality and marketing purposes.
 
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a website and some services and functionalities (like account management, online booking, etc.) may not work.


When someone visits www.breezes.com we use a third-part service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet lo information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.





As part of the hotel check-in process and the registration process for promotional emails, we collect personal information. We use this information for several reasons: to inform you of promotions, events, news and activities that you’ve asked for; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check that our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organizations and businesses.
 
We use a third-party provider, Revinate, to collect guest data for reputation management efforts (post-stay surveys), guest segmentation and to deliver booking related and marketing related communications. We gather other statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our email deliveries. For more information, please see Revinate’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe from general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.


When you make and pay for a booking through the Breezes Resorts & Spas website your name, address data, email and contact number will be stored in our guest reservation system and by extension the customer relationship management (CRM) and email marketing systems of our third-party partner, Revinate. Please be assured that we do not share your personal details with any other company without your consent.


We share guest and customer information with Revinate, our customer relationship management (CRM) and email marketing partner. This information is used for guest segmentation and to deliver booking related and marketing related communications. We gather other statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our email deliveries. For more information, please see Revinate’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe from general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.


Access to your personal information


You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. You can contact our support center at 877-Breezes / 877-273-3937 to request this information and/or to have it amended or removed.


This privacy notice is reviewed and amended as needed. This current privacy notice was reviewed on 22 May 2018.



