
          The Korea Times (http://www.koreatimes.co.kr, hereinafter referred to as 'Korea Times') has the following policy to protect personal information and rights of users (information objects, hereinafter the same applies) in accordance with personal information-related laws such as the Personal Information Protection Act and the Act on the Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc. (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Information and Communications Network Act’) and to process users’ personal information-related complaints smoothly. 
		  In the event that Korea Times revises this personal information policy, it will make it public through its website (or individual notification).
        

1. Purpose of personal information management

Korea Times manages personal information for the following purposes. Korea Times doesn’t use personal information for other purposes and when changing the purposes of use, it will seek consent in advance.


2. Personal information items collected

Personal information items collected by Korea Times for membership signup and various services provision online and business handling offline and their collection methods are as follows.
1. Collected items and method
A. Collection online

B. Collection offline (various forms)


3. Retention period of personal information items

1. Korea Times manages and retains personal information within a specific time period according to laws or as agreed by information objects when collecting personal information.
2. The period of managing and retaining each personal information is as follows.


4. Provision of personal information to a third party
In principle, Korea Times processes users’ personal information within the scope of the purposes specified in Article 1, and will not process or provide it to a third party beyond the original scope without users’ prior consent. 
5. Consigning personal information management

In principle, Korea Times doesn’t consign personal information management to others without users’ consent.
However, when consigning under users’ consent, Korea Times clearly specifies compliance with personal information-related laws, prohibition of providing personal information to a third party and burden of responsibility etc., and keeps the contracts concerned in both print and digital forms. When changing companies concerned, Korea Times will make it public through notification and this personal information policy.
At present, personal information management is consigned as below under users’ consent.


6. Rights and obligations of information objects, and how to exercise them

Users can exercise the following rights as objects of personal information.
1)	Information objects may exercise the right to request reading, modifying, deleting and suspending personal information etc. to Korea Times anytime.
2)	Information objects may exercise the right in paragraph 1 to Korea Times through writing, email and FAX etc. in accordance with paragraph 1 of Article 41 of the Enforcement Decree of the Personal Information Protection Act, and Korea Times will take a measure without delay.
3)	Information objects may exercise the right in paragraph 1 through agents such as a legal representative or a delegated person. In this case, power of attorney shall be submitted in accordance with No.11 Form in the Annex of Enforcement Rule of the Personal Information Protection Act.
4)	The information objects’ right to request reading and suspending personal information may be restricted by paragraph 5 of Article 35 and paragraph 2 of Article 37 of the Personal Information Protection Act.
5)	As for the request of modifying and deleting personal information, information objects shall not request deleting personal information if it is specified as a collected item in other laws.
6)	Upon request of reading, modifying, deleting and suspending personal information etc. by information objects, Korea Times will check whether those who made such requests are a principal or a legitimate agent.

7. Destruction of personal information

In principle, Korea Times will destroy personal information without delay when achieving the purpose of management of said personal information. The procedure, period and method of destruction is as follows.
1)	Destruction procedure: Information entered by users will be moved to a separate database (in the case of paper, a separate document) after achieving the purpose, and will be destroyed after being saved for a certain period according to the internal policy and other relevant laws or immediately. In this case, the personal information moved to the database will not be used for other purposes unless specified by law.
2)	Destruction period: Users’ personal information will be destroyed within 5 days after the date when the retention period of personal information expires or within 5 days after the date when the personal information becomes unnecessary due to achieving the purpose of management, closing services, terminating business etc.
3)	Destruction method: Personal information printed on paper will be destroyed by shredding with a shredder or incinerating. Information in electronic files will be destroyed by using a technological method making records impossible to be reclaimed.

8. Matters concerning the installation, operation and rejection of a personal information automatic collecting device

1)	Korea Times uses a ‘cookie’ which saves information of users and retrieves it at any time in order to provide individually customized services.
2)	A cookie is a small amount of information that a server (http) used for operating websites sends to users’ computer browsers and that may be saved on users’ PCs’ hard drive. 
A. Purpose of using a cookie: A cookie is used for identifying the types of use of services and websites visited by users, popular search words and secured access etc. and for providing optimized information to users.
B. Installation, operation and rejection of a cookie: Users may reject saving by a cookie through setting an option in Tools>Internet Options>Personal Information at the top of web browser.
C. Rejecting saving by a cookie may cause difficulty in using customized services.

9. Measures taken for securing the safety of personal information

Korea Times takes technological/managerial and physical measures necessary for securing safety as below in accordance with the Article 29 of the Personal Information Protection Act.
1) Minimize and educate employees who deal with personal information 
Korea Times designates employees who deal with personal information and minimizes those dealing with personal information by limiting it only to those designated
2) Implement regular self-audits
Korea Times implements regular or irregular self-audits to ensure safety related to personal information management.
3) Establish and implement an internal management plan
Korea Times establishes and implements an internal management to process plan personal information safely.
4) Encrypt personal information
Korea Times saves and manages users’ personal information and passwords by encrypting them recognizable only by users; and for important data, uses separate security functions by encrypting files and transmitted data or using a file locking function etc.
5) Technological measure in preparation for hacking etc.
Korea Times installs security programs to prevent personal information from being leaked or damaged by hacking or computer viruses etc., implements regular update/inspection, and installs systems in an access-controlled place from outside and monitors and protects them technologically/physically.
6) Restriction of access to personal information
Korea Times takes measures necessary for the control of access to personal information by granting, changing and deleting access authorities to the database system processing personal information, and controls unauthorized access from outside by using an intrusion blocking system.
7) Prevention of saving and forging or falsifying access records
Korea Times saves and manages access records of the personal information management system for at least 6 months, and uses a security function to prevent access records from forging or falsifying, and theft or loss.
8) Use of a locking device for the security of documents
Korea Times stores documents and auxiliary storage media etc. containing personal information in a safe place with a locking device.
9) Access control of unauthorized persons
Korea Times keeps personal information in a separate physical place, and establishes and operates a procedure to control access to this place.

10. Persons in charge of personal information protection

Korea Times has designated a person responsible for personal information protection and a staff member managing personal information as below in order to protect personal information and process personal information-related complaints. (Persons in charge of personal information protection in accordance with paragraph 1 of Article 31 of the Personal Information Protection Act)
• Person responsible for personal information protection: Oh Young-jin, Managing Editor of Digital Contents Bureau
Phone number: 02-724-2860
• Staff member managing personal information: Kwak Won-hee, Team Leader of Digital Operation Team
Phone number: 02-724-2267

11. Change of the personal information policy

This personal information policy shall apply from the date of enforcement, and in case of adding, deleting or modifying the contents according to law and policy, Korea Times will make it public through notification from 7 days before such changes take effect.

12. How to seek remedy for violation of rights

Personal information objects may apply for dispute settlement or counselling to Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee and Personal Information Violation Report Center of Korea Internet and Security Agency etc. in order to receive remedy for violation of personal information.
For other reporting and counselling on violation of personal information, please inquire the organizations below.
- Personal Information Violation Report Center (privacy.kisa.or.kr / 118)
- Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee (www.kopico.go.kr / 1833-6972)
- Cyber investigation division, Prosecution Service (www.spo.go.kr / 1301)
- Cyber safety bureau, Korean National Police Agency (cyberbureau.police.go.kr / 182)

This policy shall enter into force from March 1, 2019.

