
It is our sincere hope at Audi of America ("Audi") that what is now a purely digital relationship will evolve into a more personal one. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Policy, which explains our information practices across all of Audi's websites and digital properties, including mobile versions of our site and mobile applications (each an "Audi Property" and collectively, the "Audi Properties"). Your use of any Audi Property constitutes your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy.


The Information We Collect


When you visit the Audi Properties, we may collect certain personally identifiable information you choose to disclose to us, such as your name, postal address, telephone number, and email address. We may also collect user-generated content you choose to publish on the Audi Properties. 

The Audi Properties also may passively collect non-personal and aggregated information that is automatically sent to us by your web browser or device, including your Internet Service Provider and IP address, the date and time you access the Audi Property, the pages you have accessed while visiting the Audi Property, and the Internet address from which you accessed the Audi Property.

We may receive information from third party sources, such as Audi authorized dealerships, and incorporate it with your personal information.


How We Use and Share Information


We may use your personal information in a number of ways, such as to send promotional emails to you, to enter you into contests and sweepstakes, to participate in our online communities, to conduct surveys and market research, to provide product materials and updates on new products and services, to respond to queries, and to provide order status and order tracking information to you. We may use your personal information for marketing research and marketing purposes, which may include sharing it with Audi authorized dealerships, for customer service purposes, with outside research companies, or with service providers that provide marketing, research, or other services for us, including service providers that may be located outside of the United States. If you choose to save information, such as a vehicle configuration, on the Audi Properties, we may contact you to follow up on your interest in our cars.  

We may share your personal information (a) within the Audi family of companies, which includes parents, corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business units and other companies that share common ownership, including Audi AG, (b) with other corporate partners, agencies and vendors working with Audi, and (c) with your vehicle's satellite radio and/or wireless service provider, if applicable, in order to enable those service providers to contact you with important information about your vehicle's satellite or wireless services and for their own marketing purposes.  In addition, we may share your personal information to comply with law or legal requirements, enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, or protect our rights, property, or safety of our users, or others. We do not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes, unless you consent to such sharing.

Personal information received from Audi authorized dealerships may, in some cases, be used and shared in these ways.

If we or some or all of our assets are acquired by another company, including through a sale in connection with bankruptcy, that company will possess the information collected by us, and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your information as described in this Privacy Policy.

We may share non-personal and aggregate information with our advertising agencies and other third-party affiliates to customize the design of the Audi Properties.
 
Do Not Track Signals


Some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track (DNT) preferences. Most of these features, when turned on, send a signal to the website you are visiting that you do not wish the collection and use of data regarding your online searching and browsing activities. As there is not yet a common understanding on how to interpret the DNT signal, we currently do not respond to DNT signals on our site.

