Last Modified September 11, 2018
 
This statement applies to Model Year 2019 vehicles and newer, unless a more specific privacy statement applies to an individual model.
At Audi of America, Inc., an operating division of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. (“AoA,” “We,” or “Us”), we value your privacy and your desire to know how your information will be handled and used.  To better protect your privacy, we provide this Privacy Statement, which explains our information practices.  This statement applies to information we obtain from and about individuals interacting with AoA and its websites, mobile applications, vehicles, products and services; however, it does not apply to job applicants or AoA employees.
This Statement does not apply to Audi Financial Services (“AFS”) or its products, contracts and related services. AFS has its own privacy statement, which can be found here.
Below we provide a summary of the general information we collect, how we use it and with whom it is shared.  Because we don’t collect all of the information described below in all circumstances, we have separately identified the information that is collected when you choose to purchase or use additional products or services available with your Audi vehicle (such as myAudi, or Audi connect services beyond Connect CARE, which include Connect PRIME, and Connect PLUS).  For more information, please see the detailed sections for each of these services.
If you are a California resident, please view the “Your California Privacy Rights” section of the full privacy statement for more information on your California privacy rights.
 
HIGHLIGHTS
How Do We Collect Information?
We collect information from and about you from different sources, which include:

Information you provide to us directly or when you interact with us
Information collected from your vehicle
Information from third parties

What Information Do We Collect?
The types of information that AoA collects from and about you and your vehicle include:

Information you provide, such as your preferences, photographs and other user-generated content, and other materials that you may submit
Vehicle purchase/lease/service information, such as contact information (such as name, address, telephone number, email) and vehicle purchase or lease information (such as VIN, make, model, year, dealer, date of purchase or lease, purchase/lease price, vehicle equipment, and service history)
Vehicle data transmitted from your vehicle, such as general status data (such as warning lights, upcoming service schedule, fuel level, battery level, tire pressure); service history and fault or trouble codes; ambient data (such as outside temperature and brightness); vehicle performance data; other data about your vehicle including its identification, condition, equipment status, or collision information; vehicle/technology usage data (such as usage of start/stop and remote start technology); and GPS location data
Other information about you and how you interact with us, such as data gathered by technology when you visit our website or use our mobile applications (such as IP address, browser information, ICCID, device type, app and OS version, etc.), demographic information and product preferences

This data, including GPS location data, will be collected regardless of whether you sign up for or use additional services, described below, and may be used or shared for the purposes described below.  However, your connected vehicle may be equipped with a “Privacy Mode” that allows you to control what information is collected from the vehicle, including the ability to discontinue any sharing of vehicle data.  Please see the “Your Choices” section below for more information. Vehicle models that offer limited connected services from third parties only (such as online traffic and infotainment), but not any remote services from Audi (TT, R8, A3, and Q3 models) are not equipped with Privacy Mode because Audi does not collect data from such vehicles.
 
If you set up a myAudi account, additional information will be collected, including:

Information regarding your myAudi settings, such as preferred Audi dealer, and preferred contact for service notifications
Additional data you provide for use of particular applications or for direct communications
Additional data you choose to share to help tailor your myAudi account content and services

If you choose to activate optional Audi connect services, including Connect PRIME and Connect PLUS, additional information will be collected, including:

Account information, such as billing, settings, personalized services and authentication information
Information that you provide when using the Audi connect services, including information you send and information you request
Information about your use of Audi connect services, vehicles equipped with Audi connect services, the Audi connect mobile application, and the Audi connect website
Information about your interactions with us, our affiliates, or our service or Content Providers (defined below)
Spoken data (and any personal data included therein) when using voice command features

If you choose to register a Key User or Authorized Users, which is required in order to use certain Connect PRIME services, we collect additional information provided to identify those users, including:

Name
Date of birth
Email address
Login credentials and security PIN

If you choose to register a Key User, the “Audi Service Request” function is automatically enabled as part of Connect CARE. We automatically transmit the technical data (such as vehicle condition data and service-relevant data) for an upcoming service interval of your vehicle to an Audi Dealer in advance.  Registering a Key User will also automatically activate Remote Lock/Unlock services as part of Connect CARE.
If your vehicle is equipped with online “over the air” system update capability, we will also collect software and hardware version and serial numbers of vehicle hardware and use this information to provide online system updates. You will receive a notification in the car that an “over the air” system update is scheduled, and you will be able to confirm the update using your security PIN.
 
How Do We Use Your Information?
We may use your information in a number of ways, including:

To provide you with products and services, such as to provide products and services you may request; support your vehicle, products and services; diagnose, repair and track service and quality issues; communicate with you about your vehicle, products or services; install and configure changes and updates to your services; authenticate users of our products and services; or verify your eligibility for certain programs or benefits
For our own internal business purposes, such as to evaluate the usage, performance and safety of our vehicles, products and services; improve the quality of our vehicles, products and services, and design new products and services; operate the AoA website and digital properties and customize the content; or maintain internal records
For legal, safety or security reasons, such as to comply with legal requirements; protect the safety, property or rights of AoA, owners, registered users, drivers, passengers or others; or prevent and detect fraud or misuse of the vehicles, products or services
For marketing.  However, please note that GPS location data will not be used for AoA marketing purposes or shared with unaffiliated third parties to use for their own purposes without your affirmative consent.
In an anonymized or aggregated format.  We may also use any information we collect about you or your vehicle in an anonymized or aggregate manner for any purpose.

With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
We may share your information with third parties for any purpose described above, including with the following third parties:

Within the Volkswagen Group family of companies, which includes parents, corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business units and other companies that share common ownership, including Audi AG
With select business partners for joint business purposes or for their own business purposes
With third-party service providers working on behalf of AoA and third party content providers
With emergency service providers
With your vehicle’s satellite radio and/or wireless service provider
With independent, AoA-authorized dealerships
As otherwise required by law
As authorized with your permission

