
This website is owned and run by THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED ("we", "our", "us"), part of YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP. If we use the term "our Group", this means us and our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries (or any of them). The term "our online services" refers to NET-A-PORTER, MR PORTER, THE OUTNET, our mobile and tablet applications, our pages on third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+ and any other websites or apps we own or run from time to time. The term "our services" refers to our online services and any of our other products and services, such as PORTER magazine, offered from time to time. If you use any of our services, we will refer to you using the terms "user", "visitor", "you", "your", "yours" in this policy.We respect the privacy rights of our visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about them. This Privacy Policy is about how we collect, store, and use the personal information that you provide to us. As part of our commitment to your privacy rights and security, our websites have been certified by Cybertrust.This Privacy Policy explains:What personal information do we collect from you and how?What about Cookies? What are cookies?How this information may be usedWho we will share your personal information withWhere we process your personal informationMarketing opt-in and opt-out provisionsHow you can access your personal information and keep it up to dateSafeguarding your personally identifiable informationWhy we link to other websitesHow we can make changes to this policyWhere and how to ask questions or contact us about this policyIf you are under 16, you must inform a parent or guardian about our Privacy Policy to obtain their agreement to the Privacy Policy before registering, subscribing or placing an order with us.What Personal Information Do We Collect From You And HowWe collect personal information about you when you register or subscribe for one of our services, place an order, buy a gift voucher, use our online services, interact with us in any other way, such as via social media, click on an advert that we put on our or someone else's website, use our Personal Shopping services, ask for information or assistance, give us a testimonial or other feedback, comment on any blogs or articles featured in our services, attend an event that we run or sponsor, enter competitions or special promotions, sign up for our special offers or other updates, participate in research panels or fill in surveys. By registering, subscribing or using our services, you consent to the use of your personal data in line with this policy. We may also receive information about you from our Group and from third parties, with whom we have a business relationship.The information we collect and hold about you may include your name, email address, phone and mobile phone numbers, home address, shipping and payment card billing address, payment card details, IP address, search criteria, shopping history, shopping preferences, sizings, responses to research panels and surveys, the type of browser you use (a browser is the program you use to look at websites, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox or Safari), the times when you access the site and for how long, your referring URL (the site you come from to reach our website), cell IDs (these are the unique identifiers of the telecommunications towers being used by your mobile phone when you use our locations-based services on your mobile phone or tablet) and other location information (for example, GPS measurements), photographs and other content you share with us when you use our services, date of birth, password details, answers to security questions and any other information you may give us.We may record or monitor calls that you receive from us or make to us. We do this for security and training purposes, and to improve the services we provide to you.What About Cookies? What Are Cookies?We and our business partners collect information about your use of our online services using cookies. Cookies are very small files that are sent by us to your computer or other access device which we can access when you visit our site in future. Cookies help us remember who you are and other information about your visits. They can help display the information on a website in a way that matches your interests. Most major websites use cookies.For more information about how we use cookies, please read our Cookie Policy.Who Will We Share Your Personal Information WithWe will share your information with other companies in our Group, who may use it for their own business purposes, as set out in their Privacy Policy. These purposes may include financial reporting and analysis, strategic planning, the development of customer segmentation and metrics to provide a consistent view of our customer based, research and analytics, to help us source the right products in future and make better product recommendations, more effective targeting of our marketing campaigns, the creation of inspiring content and editorial features, the development of new products and collaboration opportunities with designer brands. It will also be used to provide more tailored marketing by phone, post, email, SMS or any other means (electronic or otherwise) and you expressly agree to such use.From time to time, we may engage third party business partners to provide information about you or to collect personal information on our behalf. We may also share or match your data with third party business partners to provide you with the products, services or information you ask for or for interest-based advertising. We may pass your information onto one or more of the following organisations: (i) data processing companies, mailing houses and other third party suppliers working on our Group's behalf; (ii) ad-serving agencies and other advertising intermediaries; (iii) credit reference or fraud prevention agencies, which may keep a record of that information; (iv) research students, universities and other research and development organisations; (v) regulatory bodies, government and enforcement agencies, such as the police.Every now and again, we receive requests for information from government departments, the police and other enforcement agencies. If this happens, and there is a proper legal basis for providing your personal information, we will provide it to the organisation asking for it.We collate information about site traffic, sales, wish lists, and other commercial information which we may pass on to third parties, but this information does not include any details? information which can identify you personally.Where Will We Process Your Personal InformationWhen we use your information as described in this policy, this may involve sending your information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Where When? we do this, we make sure that appropriate steps are taken to protect your personal information and your rights. By providing us with your personal information, you agree that we may transfer, store and process your information outside the EEA. Governments in certain countries like such as? the USA have broad powers to access data for security, crime prevention and detection and law enforcement purposes.Market Opt-In And Opt-Out ProvisionWe offer you the chance to receive news and fashion updates which, depending on your preferences, we will discuss with you by phone or live chat, or send to you via email, SMS and/or direct mail. These include alerts for new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests, events of interest, and one-off marketing promotions. You can opt-out of receiving these updates, if you wish.We, or our third party business partners, may also ask you if you want to receive marketing if you enter a promotion or attend an event thrown or sponsored by us. Other companies in our Group may also pass your personal information to us for marketing use share your personal information for marketing us.Marketing communications you subscribe to will only be sent by our Group.You have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for marketing. At all times, we will offer you the opportunity to unsubscribe from any service or update to which you have subscribed, if you change your mind.Whenever you receive direct marketing from us, we will tell you how to unsubscribe. Alternatively you can change your marketing preferences by logging into My Account. To opt out of direct mail, please contact our Customer Care team:For NET-A-PORTER, on 0800 044 5700 (UK) or +44 330 022 5700 (from a mobile or internationally) or by email at customercare@net-a-porter.com.For MR PORTER.COM, on +44 330 022 5705 or by email at customercare@mrporter.com.For THE OUTNET.COM, on +44 330 022 4250 or by email at customercare@theoutnet.com.If you tell us that you do not want to receive direct marketing, we will still contact you in order to provide you with products and services you request and for administration purposes.How You Can Access Your Personal Information And Keep It Up To DateYou have the right to see information we hold about you, with some exceptions which are described in the privacy laws. If you would like a copy of your personal information, please contact our privacy officer at Query.dpo@ynap.com. You will need to pay a processing fee.You have the right to review and update your personal details. If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information we hold is not correct, please visit our online services and, after logging into the site using the "Sign In" menu on the home page, your personal information will be made available for review and change in the "My Account" section. Only you or, upon your request, our Customer Care team, may access your personal data from our online services using your user ID and password. Information may be changed online within "My Details", "Shipping Details", and "My Email Preferences". You can change or delete saved credit/debit card details each time you make a purchase. You will also be able to delete saved credit/debit card details by adding or editing a shipping/billing address. If you change your billing or shipping address while your order is still being processed, the order will be re-processed through security validation checks. If you prefer, you may contact us by email at customercare@net-a-porter.com and we will amend your personal details.Our Live Chat provider stores all chat conversations for 13 months. To receive a copy of your chat conversation simply request this when exiting Live Chat or contact our Customer Care team by emailing customercare@net-a-porter.com for NET-A-PORTER.COM chats, customercare@mrporter.com for MR PORTER.COM chats and customercare@theoutnet.com for THE OUTNET.COM chats.Safeguarding Your Personal InformationWe will take reasonable care to maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information you have provided to us. We have put in place technology and security policies which are designed to protect the personal information we hold about you. We also follow the security procedures that applicable privacy laws require. These cover storing, using and releasing any information you have provided and, as well as and measures designed to prevent unauthorized access or use. When you place an order or access your account information, we use a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption which encrypts your information before it is sent to us to protect it from unauthorized use.Why We Link To Other WebsitesOur online services contain hyperlinks to websites that are owned and operated by other organisations. These websites have their own privacy and cookie policies, and we urge you to read them. They control how your personal information is used when you give it to these other organisations or they collect it with cookies. We do not approve any other websites and we are not responsible for any information, material, products or services that are on or accessible through those websites or for the privacy practices of websites run by other organisations. If you use these other websites you do so at your own risk.How We Can Make Changes To This PolicyWe may update this Privacy Policy from time to time so you may want to check it each time you give us personal information or use our websites.Where And How To Ask Questions Or Contact Us About This PolicyIf you require further information about our Privacy Policy, please go to the help section of our websites where frequently asked questions (FAQ's) are answered. We welcome your questions, comments requests about this Privacy Policy. If you require more information, please contact us at privacy@theoutnet.comIf you wish to talk to a Customer Care representative, please call:For NET-A-PORTER, on 0800 044 5700 (UK) or +44 330 022 5700 (from a mobile or internationally).For MR PORTER, on +44 330 022 5705 or by email at customercare@mrporter.com.For THE OUTNET, on +44 330 022 4250 or by email at customercare@theoutnet.com. 
