- Choose service type - Armed Response Auditing Builder Cash - Equipment Cash Services Consultants Demining Services Emergency/Rescue/Recovery Employment/Recruitment Finance/Insurance Fire protection/systems Guards Installer/Repairs Investigations/Intelligence/Forensics IT Software/Hardware Legal Monitoring Services/Systems Personnel Private Investigators Project Management Rentals - Security/Safety products Rescue Services/Equip Risk Shops/Retailers Solutions Provider Testing Services Training/Courses Vehicle/Equipment/Systems - Choose trade type- Agents Association Builder Designer Developers Distributor Employment/Recruitment Engineer Exporter Finance/Insurance Importer Manufacturer Personnel/Recruiting Agencies Sub-Contractor Supplier Tracking Training/Courses Wholesaler - Choose product type- Access Cards/tags & Accessories Access control Systems Alarms Anti Shoplifting equipment Armour/Armoured Asset Identification/trace Audio Systems Aviation Baggage & Freight Barcoding systems Barriers Base Stations Batteries Beams Bells/Time switches Biometric readers (fingerprint etc) Booms Burglar bars/Grilles Cabinets Cable & Accessories Cameras Cash - Automation/Protection equipment CCTV Communication Systems Control Panels Counters Covert Detection Equipment Doors Drop Boxes Electronics Fencing Fibre Optics Fingerprint Fire Detection & Safety systems Fire Protection Firearms/Ammunition Firearms/Ammunition (Non-Lethal) Fleet Management Flooring Footwear Forensics - Equipment Furniture Garage - Motors etc Gates Generators Glass Goosenecks GPS Systems/Accessories GSM Products Guard huts Guard Towers/Observation Posts/Buildings Guns/Ammo/Accessories Hinges Home Automation Intercoms Investigation Equipment Isolators IT Hardware/software Keypads Laser Library systems Lighting/Lights Lightning Protection Literature/Mags/books Lockers Locks Magnets Metal Detectors Mirrors Money - equipment Monitoring System Motors Naval equipment Parking Systems Payment Systems Perimeter protection Point-of-Sale Power Supplies/Transformers PPE - Anti-Riot PPE - De-mining PPE - Emergency/Rescue PPE - Equipment/Accessories PPE - Fire/Rescue PPE - Marines PPE - Military PPE - Police PPE - Safety/Workwear PPE - Security PPE - Traffic Printing Equip Public address Radar Equip Radio Readers Remote Controls (transm/rec) Rentals Rescue/Medical/First Aid - Equipment Restraints Safes/Vaults/Strongrooms Scanners Security seals/bags Self Defence Sensors Signs Sound systems Speakers Steelwork Surveillance systems Survival equipment Switches Testing systems Time & Attendance Tools Tracking Turnkey Turnstiles Uniforms UPS's Vehicle & Traffic Equip Vehicle Tracking/Management systems Vehicles - Emergency/Rescue/Patrol Video Visual Walls Warning Equip. Weapons - Lethal/Accessories Weapons - Non lethal/Accessories Windows Wireless Products X-rayPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Any information or correspondence given to us of a personal or business nature, is used specifically for our own reference and historical purposes. We do not give out or share any information you give us with any other company or body without your authority excepting circumstances as listed below.
Monitoring the websiteFor this web site to provide a secure service, and where required to do so under law, the web site owner may monitor and/or intercept electronic communications such as e-mail which are sent to this web site. To the full extent necessary under law the user hereby acknowledges that he or she is aware of such a Privacy Policy and Confidentiality of Communications.The web site owner may intercept and monitor communications made through his web site in order to benefit, record and promote and secure the efficient operation of the web site. Users irrevocably agree that they consent to such interception and monitoring for this use.
Internet TrafficWeb servers serving security.co.za automatically collect information about individual pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors. This information is used for internal review only, to tailor information to individual visitors and for traffic audits. We also provide this information (as well as information from third-party market researchers) about our users on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our advertisers. Any personally identifiable information provided by subscribers online as part of an online advertising promotion, or in order to access a third party service, may be provided directly to the advertiser or third party concerned.
Links to Other Sites Users should be aware that when you are on security.co.za you could be directed to other sites, which are beyond our control. These are links to other sites from security.co.za pages that take you outside of our website, such as general advertisements and banners. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. Security.co.za is not responsible for the privacy policies of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks.
Please remember that any information given out by yourselves over the website is at risk and may be used by people you may not know.
E-mail Usage of your e-mail addresses provided by you when you register for various services, security.co.za may periodically send promotional e-mail or newsletter to its users about services offered. However, all newsletters will be accompanied by a 'please remove me from your list" facility.
Security
While we take all reasonable security precautions subject to this website , we will not be held responsible for any damage or dysfunction caused by the malicious use of this web site or by destructive data or code that is passed on to the user through the use of this site.
Any of the following acts in connection with this web site are expressly prohibited:

Hacking or attempting to gain any such unauthorised access to any web page or any part of this web site;
Delivering or attempting to deliver any such unauthorised or malicious or destructive code or content to this web site with the intention of damaging or disrupting this site;
Any attempts to change or amend any of the content or any other part of this web site by unauthorised persons.
We will pursue prosecution and compensation from any person/'s responsible for any of the said acts laid out above to this web site to the fullest extent of the law.

Intellectual Property and Copyright ProtectionCopyright in all this web sites information, images, source codes and all original material, which has not attributed to a third party, is held or licensed by the web site owner. THE WEB SITE OWNER ASSERTS AND RESERVES ALL ITS LEGAL AND MORAL RIGHTS IN THIS RESPECT.
The web site owner allows users a personal, non-assignable, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to print, display and use all content and information on any machine of which the user is the primary user for strictly non-commercial purposes only.
Any infringement to a third party copyright or intellectual property on this site you can report to us giving the full details of the alleged infringement.
Advertising and sponsorshipThis web site may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion in this web site complies with all applicable laws and regulations.
The web site owner will not be held accountable for any responsibility or liability for any error or inaccuracy appearing in data. Sponsorship or any other material appearing in this web site.
Automated searchingAutomated transactions and searches are subject to these terms and conditions:-

The use of malicious search technology is prohibited.
The use of search technology in an unlawful manner or for the collecting or harvesting of data for commercial gain is prohibited.
Search technology, which does not unreasonably interfere with the operation or privacy of its users of this web site is permissible, but the web site owner reserves the right to prohibit or stop any specific entity from employing search functionality on this web site.

LinksPermission from the webmaster must be obtained to link to this web site with another and is given without assumption of any liability.
This website reserves the right to withdraw permission to grant a link to this web site at any time and for any reason.
Any advertisements/hyperlinks contained on this web site, which is directed towards other web sites, or users are provided without any warranties or endorsements as to the content, suitability, accuracy or security of the site linked to. This web site does not control or edit the content of these websites or pages linked to, and disclaim all liability, direct or indirect, which may arise from the use or inability to use a link or a linked-to web site.
The use of the sites or pages linked to is accordingly exclusively at the risk of the user.
The express permission in writing of the web site owner, which may be subject to conditions, is required before this site, any of its pages and/or any of the information contained on the site is framed. Requests for permission can be submitted through our contact us page.
BreakdownsThe website owner will not be held responsible in any way for:
Any occurrences that happen to the website beyond the reasonable control of the web site owner, including technical failures which may prevent the continuing provision of the web site.
Ωther Terms & ConditionsCharities, competitions, sponsorships and other promotions will be held on this site from time to time. These will be subject to additional terms and conditions, and will be made available to users and/or applicants at the applicable time.
Termination of this agreementThe web site owner reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion and without prior notification, to terminate access rights of any user where, for example and without limitation:

The web site owner regards the action or inaction of a user to constitute a breach of these terms and conditions;
The web site owner regards the action or inaction of a user to constitute abuse of the services offered through this web site.

Governing LawsThe laws of South Africa apply in the terms and conditions of use, their interpretation and any matter or litigation in connection thereof.
This web site is owned, hosted and maintained within the Republic of South Africa.
The use of this website and agreeing to the Terms and Conditions thereof, such use and agreement is deemed to have taken place in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Users of this web site are encouraged to familiarise themselves with the South African law relating to electronic communications and transactions as contained in the Electronic Communications Transactions Act 25 of 2002.
Amendment of the terms and conditions of this AgreementPlease note that, due to legal and other developments, we may be required to amend these Terms and Conditions of Use from time to time. Please refer to the last revision date at the foot of this page.
We will attempt to give notice of any amendments, but reserve the right to effect binding amendments, additions or deletions without notice.
Enforceability of this AgreementUsers may not cede, sub-license or otherwise transfer any rights they may have under these terms and conditions or which may otherwise have been obtained through the use of this site.
In the event of any part of these Terms and Conditions being found to be partially or fully unenforceable, for whatever reason, this shall not effect the application or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement.
These Terms of Use contain the record of the entire agreement between the user and the web site owner.
Failure to enforce any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision.
Owners contact details:Please address any correspondence with regard to the website to:
e-mail : webmaster@security.co.zaPostal Address: security.co.za
PO Box 983Hilton3245South Africa

