\n\t\n\t\nIntroduction:\nSteel Kittens has a strong commitment to providing excellent service to all of our visitors, including respecting their concerns about privacy. We understand that visitors to our website may have questions about whether and how this website collects and uses information. We have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern www.steelkittens.com. \n\nThis statement contains numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. The bottom line is that the needs and expectations of our visitors form the foundation of everything we do - including protecting your privacy. \n\nBrowsing:\nWe have not configured this website to collect any personal information from your computer when browsing this site. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personal information, we will not know your name, your email address, or any other information identifiable to you. \n\nInternet Protocol (IP) Address:\nAn IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer every time you browse the Internet. When users request a page from our site, our servers log the user\'s current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems. We do not link IP addresses to any personal information about you. Cookies: Our website uses "cookie" technology. "Cookies" are encrypted strings of text that a website stores on a user\'s computer. In addition, a cookie is used to: \n\nRecognize return visitors:\nAllows registered users to login without typing their login name each time Prevent the same user from making repeated entries in our Steel Kittens Database when they opt in to request updates Store and recall user preferences and identify which of our web pages are most useful for our visitors Measure usage of our site and the various pages on the site Provide functionality and content that we believe would be of interest and value to you. The types of cookies that we use are referred to as "persistent" cookies because they remain on a user\'s computer hard drive until they are deleted by the user. We do not use cookies to gather information concerning your visits to other sites, nor Steel Kittens ascertain any personal information about you apart from your dealings with Steel Kittens and your transaction history with Steel Kittens. Cookies do not corrupt or damage your computer or computer files. If you do not wish to receive these cookies, you may set your browser to reject the cookies (consult the instructions for your particular browser on how to do this), although doing so may affect your ability to perform certain transactions on our website. \n\nInformation Needed to Execute the Transaction You Request:\nWhen we need to collect information from you, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. For example, if you would like to join our mailing list, we will ask you for information such as name, email address, product interest, etc. to process your request. We will use your email address to send a confirmation and, if necessary, might use the other information to contact you for help to process your request. \n\nWe may also ask you to fill out an online visitor survey, to obtain your suggestions or comments about your use of Steel Kittens services, or for similar purposes. Providing this information is voluntary and it is used only for the purpose for which the information was collected and is not used for direct marketing or shared with other companies. \n\nEmail:\nIt is our intention to only send you email communications that will be useful to you and that you want to receive. When you create a personal profile on www.steelkittens.com, we will occasionally contact you via email and provide information about products and offerings that may be of interest to you. These communications will typically relate to special Steel Kittens inquiries. If you would prefer not to receive such emails you may indicate so in your profile. In addition to your choice to opt-out of emails in your personal profile on www.steelkittens.com, you are provided the opportunity to opt-out of future emails in every email message you receive from Steel Kittens. \n\nWe use a third-party email service provider to send emails. This service provider is prohibited from using your email address for any purpose other than to send a Steel Kittens related email. Emails you receive do contain pixel tags (see description above) that help us to send the email in a format you can read, to allow us to track the aggregate number of emails read and to measure in aggregate if any of the links in the email were accessed. No other information is collected or used from pixel tags. \n\nSteel Kittens Use of Information:\nWe treat the information you provide to us as confidential information; it is, accordingly, subject to our company\'s security procedures and strict corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information. Because laws applicable to personal information vary by country, our business operation may put in place additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements. Information is generally processed and stored in the United States, in which data protection laws are not as comprehensive as in the European Union. \n\nDisclosure of Information to Third Parties:\nSteel Kittens prohibits the sale or transfer of personal information to entities outside of Steel Kittens for their use without your approval and giving you the opportunity to opt-out. \n\nLinks to Other Sites:\nIf you choose to leave this Steel Kittens site via links to other non-Steel Kittens sites, including those of advertisers, Steel Kittens is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of those sites, nor is Steel Kittens responsible for the cookies those sites use. \n\nLegal Issues:\nThis is a United States website and is subject to United States law. Steel Kittens will disclose personal information without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to Steel Kittens guests, visitors, associates, or property (including this site), or to others. \n\nSteelkittens.com Privacy Statement Changes:\nIn the future, we may need to change the privacy statement for www.steelkittens.coms. All changes will be made here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. \n\nHow to Contact Us:\nIf you have any questions about this privacy statement or privacy concerns please send an email to Note@Steelkittens.com\n\n\n\n\n\t\n\n       \n\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\n\n