Provision of our servicesSearching and booking of flights and related servicesThe main reason we collect and use your Personal Data is to conclude an agreement with you and then to provide you the services that you've ordered. Depending on the extent in which you use our services, we will process your Personal Data in a way that is necessary to enter into and fulfil our Service Agreement as described in Article 2 of our Terms & Conditions. The services that we provide include, primarily, the brokering of an air carriage contract and related services between you and the selected carrier. To achieve this purpose, we need to share your Personal Data with the air carriers with whom you will enter into an air carriage contract and in some cases also with the providers of the Global Distribution Network.If you order additional service Special assistance or when you ask us to get a refund due to health issues, we will process your Personal Data concerning health and in case of the Special assistance service, we will share it with the air carrier of your choice. During the ordering process, you will be asked to give your explicit consent with the processing of this Personal Data. You can always withdraw your consent through this form: kiwi.com/privacy/rights. However, please note, that if you withdraw the consent with the processing of your personal data for the purpose of the Special Assistance additional service, we won't be able to provide you with any subsequent support related to this service.Ordering other servicesIt may also happen that you choose to order another service that we or our partners offer on our website or in our app, such as insurance or accommodation. We will process your Personal Data as required to enter into a contract with you, to provide you with the ordered service or (if the service is provided by our partner) to enable you to enter into the contract with the service provider and to do our part in the contractual relationship between you and the third-party service provider. This will include the transfer of your data to this third-party service provider. You can find the complete list of third-party Data Controllers that we might share your data with here.As with the previous example, we are allowed to process your Personal Data for this purpose based on a legal ground of necessity for conclusion or performance of a contract.Customer supportCustomer support is a huge part of our services. We will record all of our communication through all channels, such as email, chat and phone calls, in order to provide you with the service that you require. Part of our customer support is also helping our customers with potential legal issues with the air carriers (in case of missed flights and similar situations). For this, we have partnered with a third-party service provider. When you have a legal problem, we will send this provider your email address and you will be contacted with an offer to help you exercise your claims. You can learn more about the sharing of your personal data with third-party data controllers here.Again, we are legally allowed to process your Personal Data for this purpose based on a necessity for the conclusion or performance of a contract. If you used our service through one of our partners' websites to order a transport ticket, we shall inform the partner about any emergency that might impact your journey, such as a natural disaster or bankruptcy of the transport provider. This is to ensure that the information reaches you as promptly as possible. That way, if you reach out to the partner with a question or complaint, they will be able to help you without having to refer you to our customer support.This transfer of Personal Data shall be carried out based on your legitimate interest.User accountIf you want to register a Kiwi.com account, we need to process your Personal Data such as your email address, password and other information necessary to provide you with this service. We are legally allowed to this based on a necessity for the conclusion or performance of a contract. Fraud preventionWhen you book a flight or order any other service through our website or app, during the payment transaction, we use a third-party service that helps us prevent fraudulent behaviour. This is a very common process that happens nearly every time you order something online. For this to be possible, we will transfer your Personal Data momentarily to a third-party Data Processor. However, this is not something to worry about, the whole transaction is completely secure, and we use one of the best and most common fraud-prevention tools. You can learn more about the Data Processors we use here. Furthermore, to prevent attempts for fraudulent chargebacks, if you report fraudulent purchase through your bank, we might check your social media to see, whether you have some sort of connection to the person who ordered the ticket to make sure that it is not an attempt to get the money for the ticket back by fraud. We shall only process limited information about your connection to the person, who ordered the ticket, and whether you by any chance haven’t published some information connected to the flight (e.g. photos from the airport taking the flight).We need to prevent fraudulent behavior to protect our business and our property. This protection against fraud is one of the strongest legitimate interests recognized within the EU. Therefore, we process your personal data for this process on the legal ground of the legitimate interest.Marketing purposesSending personalized offersTo provide you with the best offers and to maximise our marketing efficiency, we process your Personal Data for the purposes of direct marketing (email offers and related processing activities). Besides your contact details, we also keep data like your transaction history, flight preferences and other data about your interaction with us that help us with customer segmentation and personalisation of these offers. For example, we might tailor a special offer just for you based on your previous orders. Additionally, when you provide your information during the booking process or while ordering another service, we may send you an email to remind you of any unfinished orders that are still incomplete. We will only keep your Personal Data collected in this way for 30 days.We can send you offers and other commercial communications based on a legitimate interest in direct marketing. At any time, you can object to this and we will immediately cease to process your Personal Data for this purpose. However, this means that we will no longer be able to send you any offers.We will never share your contact details with other Data Controllers without your knowledge and we will only contact you with offers that are linked to our main business. You can always unsubscribe and check your subscription status through the links below every newsletter that you get from us.Marketing AnalyticsTo improve our marketing campaigns in general, we also perform analysis to help us see which campaigns work and how they contribute to our conversion rates. To secure the maximum effectiveness and best outcomes of such analysis, we use third-party Data Processors. You can see the full list of third parties that we use and therefore share your Personal Data with here. In all cases, we remain the Data Controllers of your Personal Data and these third parties can only use them to fulfill our purposes. For this purpose, we also process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest of market research. At any time, you can object against this processing. We will then assess whether we can prove that our legitimate grounds for the processing override your individual interests, rights and freedoms. If not, we will cease to process your Personal Data for this purpose.Ads, notifications and banners on Kiwi.com and third-party websitesWe want to make sure that you don't miss out any special offers that we have. Because of this, we send website and app push notifications (with your consent) and we also display ads on Kiwi.com and third-party websites that are tailored for you according to your past orders. It might therefore happen that you'll see ads offering booking of flights on Kiwi.com elsewhere on the internet. We can send you notifications and display ads based on our legitimate interest in direct marketing. At any time, you can object and we will immediately cease to process your Personal Data for this purpose.Friend referralIf you have a friend with a Kiwi.com account, it may happen that he/she will refer you to us and provide us with your email address even if you have never visited our website or even heard about Kiwi.com before. You will then get an informational email with a link. If you use it to make a booking on our website, both you and your friend will get a financial reward in the form of credit that can be used as discount when paying for flight tickets or services. For this purpose, we process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest of direct marketing. At any time, you can object against processing and we will immediately cease to process your Personal Data for this purpose.Improving our servicesImprovement and development of our website and servicesAs with any other business, to improve the way we do things, we need some data about you, our customers. To this end we use third-party services that allow us to record and analyse your behaviour. Thanks to this, we can see trends and patterns which help us improve many areas of our business activities. You can see the full list of third parties that we use and therefore share your Personal Data with here. In all cases under this purpose, we remain the controllers of your Personal Data and these third parties can only use it to fulfil our purposes. For this purpose, we process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest in improving our services. At any time, you can object against this processing. We will then assess whether we can prove that our legitimate grounds for this processing override your individual interests, rights and freedoms. If not, we will cease to process your Personal Data for this purpose.Training and evaluation of our customer support staffIf you call us on our customer support line or contact us through email or chat, we will record the phone call or the messages for the purpose of improving our services. These recordings will be then sorted, and we will only keep those in which our staff made some sort of mistake when dealing with your requests. These recordings are subsequently used during training sessions so that we can make sure these mistakes don't happen again. For this purpose, we also process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest in improving our services. At any time, you can object against this processing. We will then assess whether we can prove that our legitimate grounds for this processing override your individual interests, rights and freedoms. If not, we will cease to process your Personal Data for this purpose.Other purposesEstablishment, exercise or defence of legal claimsWe also store and process your Personal Data for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending against legal claims. Whenever you book a ticket or order any other service, we will keep all relevant data for potential future legal claims that you or we could have. Similarly, if you send us a data protection request, we will also be storing all the data you give us and the data about our handling of the request for this purpose. Generally, we will keep your data for this purpose for 4 years which is the maximum length of the statute of limitation (the maximum time in which you can file a lawsuit against us) set by the Act No. 89/2012 Coll, the Civil Code. We will never use your Personal Data for any other purpose when it is stored solely for this purpose. For this purpose, we process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest in the protection of our legal rights. At any time, you can object against this processing. We will then assess whether we can prove that our legitimate grounds for the processing override your individual interests, rights and freedoms. If not, we will cease to process your Personal Data for this purpose.Compliance with legal obligationsWe need to process some of your Personal Data to be able to fulfil certain legal obligations that are applicable to us. Because this is a legal necessity, we don't need to obtain your consent for it. For this purpose, we will process your identification and contact information and information about your bookings. The main legal obligations we need to do this for arise from Act No. 89/2012 Coll, the Civil Code, Act No. 634/1992 Coll, on the protection of consumers, Act No. 235/2004 Coll, on Value Added Tax and Act. 563/1991 Coll, on Accounting. If you send us a data protection request to fulfil one of your rights under the GDPR, we will ask you for some personal data which we will then process for the purpose of achieving compliance with the GDPR.