Last Revised: Oct 5, 2010BoardGaming.com is a social website! If you register, people will see your ratings, comments, tips, and other content you add to the site. They will see your activity such as games that you want, games added to your wish list, games you say you own, friends you’ve friended, followers following you, as well as quests you’ve completed and the points and BG Gold you’ve earned [Example].The information that is kept private is your email and your address (if you choose to provide it). We don’t store personal financial information. If you give out more information via your choice of username, what you say in your comments, or other content you add, that is up to you and your responsibility. We obviously won’t purposefully give out your email or address, but we’re just as likely to hacked as any other website, so that is something you should keep in mind whenever registering on any website.We take privacy very seriously, and if you are reading this, you probably do as well. First of all, you should know that except for the services that we use for managing our newsletter (see below), processing payments (see below), and our web host, no other outside party will have access to your personal information unless you happen to publish it yourself by adding it to a public comment on a message board or blog post.
, and if you are reading this, you probably do as well.First of all, you should know that except for the services that we use for managing our newsletter (see below), processing payments (see below), and our web host, no other outside party will have access to your personal information unless you happen to publish it yourself by adding it to a public comment on a message board or blog post.When we say “We” or “Our” we also mean our associates, employees, partners, affiliates, and subsidiaries who help us run this website and deliver the Content to you. On this page we will explain

What personal information is collected (or not collected)
How the information is used
Who has access to the information
Our email newsletter opt-in and opt-out policy
Guidelines for children’s privacy

Email Subscriptions
Online visitors who choose to receive periodic email announcements provide their name and email address through subscribing to our news feed via the FeedBurner Email Subscriptions service and/or the MailChimp.com newsletter service. These services use a confirmed opt-in subscription process, to prevent a person from subscribing someone without their permission. View the FeedBurner™ privacy policy and MailChimp privacy policy. Anyone who wishes can choose to be removed from our mailing list at any time, by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter(s), or contacting BoardGaming.com directly and asking to be removed.
Information Used to Improve User Experience
In some cases, we may collect information from you to help improve your experience using our site. This might include completing polls, rating pages or content that you like, submitting your comments (more on that below), filling out a registration form to create your login profile, submitting a search, or sending us feedback and suggestions via email or surveys.
We may share personal customer information with our agents, representatives and trusted service providers for the purpose of assisting us in delivering our website content. For example, we use the aweber.com service to manage our newsletters. You can view their privacy policy here.
Demographic information that you provide via surveys or through the creation of your BoardGaming.com profile may be used for marketing and targeting purposes. This information might include age, number of children, marital status, profession, interests, and/or favorites. This information would be used to help us know how best to tailor our content to your interests. Demographic information may be shared with advertisers, but only on an aggregate basis (meaning statistics like 70% of our users are female).  The information shared with advertisers cannot be used to identify you.
Occasionally we may run surveys or contests in which the user can optionally include their email address or other information. This allows us to contact them if needed to notify them of the results of the contest or response to a question asked in a survey.  Otherwise, all information collected via surveys would only be shared or published on an aggregate basis (like 70% of our users prefer X).
We do not collect sensitive personal information such as race, religion, or political affiliations. And we definitely do NOT collect sensitive information such as birthdates and social security numbers.
It is unlikely to happen, but we may have to share personal customer information with law enforcement officials in the investigation of alleged unlawful activities related to the use of our site. We will have no legal liability for these types of disclosures.
Payment Processing
Online visitors who wish to make donations or purchase a product or membership from our web site will be asked to provide their name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card number and expiration date. All credit card transactions occur over a secure connection protected through encryption such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. In some cases we use ClickBank.com to process payments, and in other cases we may use PayPal.com. We do not store credit card information! We do keep a record of sales, including names and email addresses, to provide technical assistance or process refunds.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to manage your session on our site. They may be used to let you save your username or password to make it easier for you log in and to recall your information for subsequent visits. A cookie is a small piece of information stored on your computer, but is not stored on our website. You can remove cookies from your computer via your browser (typically accessed via your browser’s settings or tools menu).
Site Usage Statistics
This section is pretty much the same as every other website out there, so continue to read if you must, but know that this is very standard
Our server keeps a log of site usage statistics which involves keeping track of numbers of hits on various pages, IP addresses, browser types, access times, and the sites from which a visitor is referred. For example, if you find our site through a search engine, our logs will show that a visitor clicked through to our site from that search engine. Such information is used to verify the effectiveness of marketing efforts. It may also be used to help interested parties determine the number of visitors who find our site through their sites. In other cases, site statistics are provided to potential advertisers and link partners. These statistics cannot be used to identify an individual, since they do not include any personal information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our website.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads on this site based on your visit to our site and other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Public Comments
This site allows comments to be added by users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these comments becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Email You Send Us
Email messages sent to us are considered public statements. Unless you state in your email that you do not wish the email to be published, we may publish the message (including the author’s name unless you tell us not to) in whole or in part. We will not publish the author’s email address or other personal information that may be included in the email. We would normally ask your permission before publishing any email that you might send us, but we are not obligated to. We would never knowingly publish a child’s name.
Children’s Guidelines
Children’s privacy is a major concern to us.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. We encourage parents to go online with their kids. Here are a few tips to help make a child’s online experience safer:

Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. This includes name, address, phone, school, etc.
Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
Look for Web site privacy policies.
Know how your child’s information is treated.

Check out the FTC’s site for more tips on protecting children’s privacy online.
External Links
We link to many other websites, but we are not responsible for the privacy policies on other websites.
Privacy Policy Revisions
We may occasionally revise this policy by updating this page. We encourage you to visit this page periodically to see how BoardGaming.com is protecting your privacy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, we can be reached via email.
