2. How We Collect Your InformationInformation You Provide. We collect information you provide to us when you request products, services or information from us, register with us, participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications, respond to customer surveys, or otherwise interact with us. Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform (for example, via our applications), the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform. The information we collect is covered by this Privacy Policy and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform's privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications. You can always refuse to supply information, with the caveat that it may prevent you from using certain Services.Information Collected Automatically. When you access the Services (including on third-party sites and platforms), we collect certain technical information in order to analyze the usage of our Services, provide a more personalized experience, and manage advertising. Types of technologies used to automatically collect information include:Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website. Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you directly to us, to another party on our behalf, or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of our websites, and their website access preferences.Flash cookies. Flash cookies are local shared objects used to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our Services in order to personalize your visit. Our advertisers and third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information.Web beacons. Web beacons (also known as “clear gifs” and “pixel tags”) are small transparent graphic images that are often used in conjunction with cookies in order to further personalize our Services for our users and to collect a limited set of information about our visitors. We may also use web beacons in email communications in order to understand the behavior of our customers.Information From Others. We also obtain information from business partners, contractors and other third parties to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically. For example, we purchase marketing data about our customers from third parties and combine it with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products. We also collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us, such as their name, address and email address. If you use our Services to send others (friends, relatives, colleagues, etc.) a product as a gift, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of each such recipient in order to process those requests or facilitate future activities.