
DAMTP website privacy policy
General
This policy explains what information we gather when you visit the DAMTP web site, and explains how that information is used.

It is important for you to appreciate that the DAMTP web site provides extensive links to other independent sites, both within the University and elsewhere. This policy applies only to direct accesses to the DAMTP web site - URLs starting  http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/. You will need to consult the appropriate information on other sites for information on their policies.

Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted on this page.

Data collected
In common with most web sites, this site automatically logs certain information about every request made of it (see below for more details). This information is used for system administration, for bug tracking, and for producing usage statistics. The logged information may be kept indefinitely.

Relevant subsets of this data may be passed to computer security teams as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site or other computing equipment in the University. Data may be passed to the administrators of other computer systems to enable investigation of problems accessing this site or of system misconfigurations.  Data may incidentally be included in information passed to contractors and computer maintenance organisations working for the University, in which case it will be covered by appropriate non-disclosure agreements. Otherwise the logged information is not passed to any third party except if required by law. Summary statistics are extracted from this data and some of these may be made publicly available, but those that are do not include information from which individuals could be identified.

The information logged is a record of what the web   server sees, not necessarily what was initially sent. If a request is sent via a proxy the log file will show the proxy's address. If someone has forged your address the log file will show your address.

A number of fill-in forms are provided on this site. The pages containing these forms include information on how data submited on them will be processed and used.

This site may use web "cookies" as part of user authentication (login) and  to store information needed by other facilities.

Cookies
This website does not currently use cookies except for the Raven authentication process.  Raven protected pages are only assessible to members of the University of Cambridge.  Any individual sub-sites on this site, who do use cookies will have their own cookie policy.

Logged data
The following data is automatically logged for each request:


The name or network address of the computer making the request. Note that under some (but not all) circumstances it may be possible to infer from this the identity of the person making the request. Note also that the data recorded may be that of a web proxy rather than that of the originating client
The username, when known during authenticated (logged in) access to the    site
The date and time of connection
The HTTP request, which contains the identification of the document requested
The status code of the request (success or failure etc.)
The number of data bytes sent in response
The contents of the HTTP Referrer header supplied by the browser
The content of the HTTP User-Agent header supplied by the browser

Logging of additional data may be enabled temporarily from time to time for specific purposes. In addition, the computers on which the web site is hosted keep records of attempts (authorised and unauthorised) to use them for purposes other than access to the web server. This data typically includes the date and time of the attempt, the service to which access was attempted, the name or network address of the computer making the connection, and may include details of what was done or was attempted to be done.

Access to personal data
For the purpose of the UK Data Protection Act 1998, the 'Data Controller' for the processing of data collected by this site is the University of Cambridge, and the point of contact for subject access requests is the University Data Protection Officer (10 Peas Hill, Cambridge CB2 3PN, tel. 01223 339888, fax 01223 331200 E-mail: data.protection@admin.ac.uk).

