
This privacy policy sets out how Rivermedia and Kildare Now uses and protects any information that you give Rivermedia and Kildare now when you use this website.
Rivermedia and Kildare Now are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
This privacy policy only applies to personal information supplied to us via the internet and by email.
Rivermedia and Kildare Now may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 7 September 2015.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title;
Contact information including email address;
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests;
Other information relevant to competitions, customer surveys or offers.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
In connection with competitions and promotions;
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services and may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
EXTERNAL CONTENT / LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Wenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at content@kildarenow.com
We will not pass on, sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, including site sponsors or advertisers, unless:
We have your permission;
Are required by law to do so;
Please Note: If you enter a competition on this website then it may be necessary for us to provide your personal information to the promoters of the competition or to others that are involved in the organisation of the competition or the prize giving.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email your details to: content@kildarenow.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
COOKIE POLICY
This site uses cookies to better facilitate your experience. The majority of web browsers automatically accept cookies. You can avoid this by changing the settings of your browser. Please be aware that if you stop your browser accepting cookies, some features of the Kildare Now website may stop working properly on your computer. As part of Google Analytics, we use first-party cookies to monitor traffic to this site. This site also allows representation from other third-party sites on our pages. Some advertisers use these types of cookies to track your visits to the various websites on which they advertise. If you are concerned about this, you can disable third-party cookies by changing the settings of your browser.
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow Kildare Now's web applications to respond to you as an individual. The Kildare now website can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

