We believe in protecting your privacy and will not share Personal Information with third parties outside of the Rodeo, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We believe that we can enhance your experience on our Site with the information you share with us. We use Personal Information about you to improve our advertising and marketing efforts, to statistically analyze Site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to personalize the Site's content, layout, and services. We also may use your Personal Information, such as your email address or mailing address, to contact you regarding products and/or services that may be of interest to you, to respond to an inquiry from you regarding the information that we have collected or respond to your comments and suggestions.

The Rodeo may match specific and/or aggregated Personal Information with third party data to provide you with product and content offerings that interest you and improve our advertising and marketing efforts. The Rodeo also may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to potential advertisers, partners, other third parties, our affiliate companies, and for other lawful purposes. For example, we provide our advertisers/partners with aggregate information about our users, such as "2,000 people viewed your ad today."

As part of your experience on our Site, you may receive communications from us related to products and services that might interest you. While we believe these services will enhance your experience at our Site, you will at all times be able to opt out from receiving these communications, either by specifically opting out of these services or by deleting your profile from our database.

We have today, and will in the future, have arrangements with third party service providers, such as credit card processors, shipping companies, and fulfillment services. When you sign up for a service we offer on the Site, we may be required to share Personal Information with that service provider in order to provide the service. These third party providers are not permitted to retain or use Personal Information for any purpose unrelated to providing the service.

We reserve the right to disclose Personal Information when needed to comply with the law or a legal process, cooperate with investigations of purported unlawful activities, to identify persons violating the law, or in connection with the sale of part or all of the Rodeo.

