GBAtemp.net Privacy Policy information
Since 2015 European Union laws require all websites that use browser cookies to notify visitors and ask for consent. If you are against browser cookies, we're afraid you won't be able to browse our website.
GBAtemp may collect and save the following information:
&bullet; Your device's IP Address.
&bullet; One or more unique visitor/session id numbers tracked via cookies and/or web beacons.
&bullet; The files you view while using this website and when you visited them.
&bullet; The web browser you are using.
&bullet; Your search settings.
&bullet; Information you enter into any forms on this website.
&bullet; The URL you were at that referred you to this website.
&bullet; Other information about the computer you are using and it's settings transmitted when you visit GBAtemp or read our emails.
How we use your information:
&bullet; We DO NOT sell or supply customer information to third parties.
&bullet; We DO NOT share customer information with outside parties who may wish to market their products to you.
&bullet; You DO NOT have to take any action or instruct us to keep your information confidential. We will protect your privacy automatically.
&bullet; We are committed to helping you protect your privacy.
Privacy Policy information regarding advertisements that are displayed to unregistered visitors:
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
&bullet; Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
&bullet; Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
&bullet; Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.


Mmm, delicious cookies.
