
PRIVACY  & COOKIES POLICY
Towards GDPR Compliance
          [as at 22.05.2018] 
 
 

We will only use your data  to improve your experience.


We will protect your data  like it’s our own.

 

You decide what and how you  hear from us.


If we don’t need it, we’ll  delete it.

 

Your privacy is our  priority. 

 
Protecting Your Privacy 
We, the team at  Maltasupermarket.com, strongly value our own privacy – and therefore are  committed to protect your personal data (i.e. information that identifies you)  as though it is our own. 
If you have any questions about how we  protect your privacy, get in touch here: customercare@maltasupermarket.com.
One of your rights under EU  law - the GDPR -  is that you must be  informed when your personal data - also known as personal information - is  processed (collected, used, stored) by any organisation. You also have the  right to know the details and purpose of that processing. 
This privacy policy describes our  practices relating to the personal data of visitors of www.maltasupermarket.com  and make use of our online facilities. For all our services, the data  controller — the company that’s responsible for your privacy — is Shopwise Developments  Ltd with its address at Valyou Supermarket, Parish Street Naxxar NXR 2558.
We assure you that we will only use  and disclose any personal data collected from you in accordance with the manner  set out in this policy. 
 


Navigating this Privacy Policy (Contents )

Information which we  collect
How & Why we use your  information
Children Under 18
Sharing your information 
Marketing Messages 
Seeing our adverts online
Cookies 
Vacancies - Job Applicants
Your rights 
Security of your Personal  Data
Changes to how we protect  your privacy 
Links to other websites
How to contact us

 
Information we  collect
Most of the  personal information which we may collect about you through this website is  given to us only if you choose to  give it to us.
Such  personal information may be requested from you when you fill in a field (e.g.  to submit a vacancy, sign up for our newsletter or fill in any other form with  your questions and comments or any other form or application downloaded through  or from Maltasupermarket.com – Shopwise  Developments Ltd’s online  supermarket. If you send us emails, then the personal data we process will  depend on what you send us in the email.
The  information we collect from you normally includes the following: 

Name + Surname;
Contact Details;

Email address
Home Address
Telephone/Mobile Number

Date of Birth;
Payment Information
Information from accounts you link to us; 
Your responses our surveys and competitions; Purchase History  and Saved Items;
Information about your device (phone or laptop) with which how used our  website; 
If you apply for a vacancy other information will be requested (see the  section on recruitment below)

 
Check out  the next sections to understand how and why we use this information.
Some other information  is given to us because you accessed this website (e.g. logs, recorded through  cookies). This is explained in the Cookies section below (Link).


 
How & Why we use  your information
We use your information in a number of different  ways — what we do with it then depends on the information and the purpose for  which we collected. 
The tables below set this out in detail, showing  what we do, and why we do it .

Your name and  contact details

 


How we use    your 
Name + surname 
+ contact details (email address)
Why?


To send you service    messages by text, e-mail or through our app, such as order updates. 
 
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with    you (e.g. to confirm payment) if you have a contract with us – or to respond    to your queries.


To deliver your purchases to you (if you make an    order with us)
We’ve got to do this to deliver your purchases    with us to the address that you choose or to perform our contract with you.


To send you information by email, SMS, or post,    about our new products and services
To keep you up to date. We only send this with    your permission – and you can ask us to stop. 


Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or    us – unfortunate, but absolutely essential


Showing you adverts as your browse the web
So you can see our latest products and deals


Knowing what you, and other customers, like
To ensure we are giving you what you want, and to    stay ahead of the competition



Your date of  birth information

 


How we use your date of birth
Why?


Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or    us


 


How we use your payment information
Why?


Since we outsource payment processing to    Transactium Ltd payments and refunds are processed as per the policies and    procedures of Transactium Ltd (www.transactium.com)
This is required to perform our contract with you


Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or    us.



Your contact  history with us

 
What you’ve said to us — for example, over email or  contact forms.



How we use your contact history
Why?


Provide customer service and support
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with    you to your best satisfaction


Train our staff
For our team to remain up to scratch so that you    get the best possible customer service.



Purchase  history and saved items

 
What you’ve bought and what you’ve stored in your  basket for another time.



How we use your purchase history and saved items
Why?


Sell you things
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with    you.


Provide customer service and support, and handle    returns
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with    you


Finding out what you, and other customers, like
To ensure we are giving you what you want, and to    stay ahead of the competition



Information  about your device (phone or laptop) with which you used our website

 
Information you give us when you browse our site or  use our app, including your IP address and device type and, if you choose to  share it with us, your location data, as well as how you use our website and  app.


How we use information about your phone or    laptop, and how you use our website and app
Why?


Improve our website and set default options for    you (such as language and currency)
To give you the best possible shopping experience


Protect our website
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or    us — and to meet our legal obligations about looking after your data



Information  from accounts you link to us

 
What we do if you link your Twitter or Facebook  accounts to us



How we use information from accounts you link to    us
Why?


To enable you to log into our website simply and    easily without having to create a specific account
To make it easier for you to use our website and    purchase our products or services.


To provide product recommendations
So items of interest to you are made known to you



Your responses  to surveys, competitions and promotions

 


How we use your responses to surveys,    competitions and promotions
Why?


Run the survey, competition or promotion
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with    you once you participate.



You don’t have to give us any of this personal information but if you  don’t, you may not be able to use our site or all of the services we offer on  the site, and you are unlikely to receive an optimal customer experience.   

 

We also anonymise and aggregate personal information (so that it does  not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our IT systems,  research, data analysis, improving our site and app, and developing new  products and services. We also share this anonymised information with third  parties – but don’t worry, they cannot identify you.

The Legal Basis for  Processing

For some of the uses  of your personal data (as described above) there is a legal basis under  applicable data protection laws for us to use such personal data without having  obtained your consent. 

 
This includes,  for example, where it is necessary for us to use the information to perform a  contract with you or take steps at your request prior to entering into a  contract with you, such as to process your order, provide customer-care and  support services to you. 
It also  includes circumstances (such as we have described below) where we have a  legitimate interest to use your data, provided that proper care is taken in  relation to your rights and interests: 

to ensure that you  know about any changes to the website or the terms of this Privacy Policy.
to ensure that we  organise our databases efficiently and understand how our clients may make  purchases; 
to carry out research  and analysis of your data (including purchase information) as this helps us  understand our clients better, who they are and how they interact with us; 
to improve and ensure  the security of the website (for example, for statistical, testing and  analytical purposes, troubleshooting).

 
Retention Periods

We will hold on to  your information for no longer than is necessary keeping in mind the purpose/s  (or compatible purposes) for which we first collected the data. 

 

We may also keep hold  of some of your information if it becomes necessary or required to meet legal  or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or  enforce our terms and conditions. 

 

we will keep personal data while your account with  us is active (if you have an account) or until such time as you ask us to stop  communications with you, unless we need to keep the data for longer; 


we may keep certain categories of personal data for  longer in order to meet any legal or regulatory requirements, or to resolve a  legal dispute;

 

and, we may keep different types of personal data  for different lengths of time if required by law (for instance, we may need to  keep certain personal data relating to purchases for about 10 years in order to  comply with tax/VAT reporting requirements);


You may obtain more  information as to the retention periods or the criteria used by us to determine  the retention periods by contacting us here customercare@maltasupermarket.com. 

 
 
If you are  aged 18 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission before you  provide any personal information to us. 
We will  need to process personal data relating to parents or guardians in that case –  and we may also need to request for verification documentation to ensure that  consent is given or authorised by the holder of parental responsibility.


 
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party – including your name, address, email address or credit card  information. It is not our business to do so – and we want to  earn your trust and confidence.
 

However, we share your data with the following categories of companies  as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out  in this statement:




Companies in the group to which maltasupermarket.com  belongs, as sometimes different bits of our group are responsible for different  activities (especially licensed ones); This includes Valyou Supermarket and  Tower Supermarket Complex (Tower Foods Ltd), Retail Marketing Ltd  - related entities and members of the group. Related entities  and subsidiaries use the information collected to help us improve the content  and functionality of our websites; to better understand our customers and  markets; and to improve our products and services. Members of the group vary  from time to time.



 



Other companies that are involved in the process of  getting your purchases from us to you, such as payment service providers and  pickers.






Professional service providers, such as  marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts who service us in  turn to operate our business. 



 



Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and  fraud prevention agencies, so we can help tackle fraud.






Other companies that you may approve, such as  social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us) or payment  service providers.



 

In most circumstances we will not disclose personal data without  consent. However there may be occasions where we might have to – e.g. with a  court order, to comply with legal requirements and satisfy a legal request, for  the proper administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, to  fulfil your requests, to safeguard the integrity of the relevant websites  operated by us or by such related entities or subsidiaries, or in the event of  a corporate sale, merger, reorganisation, dissolution or similar event  involving us and/or our subsidiaries and related entities.


When we do share data, we do so on an understanding with the other  entities that the data is to be used only for the purposes for which we  originally intended – again, we don’t want you to have any surprises.

 

We may also provide third parties with aggregated but anonymised  information and analytics about our customers and, before we do so, we will  make sure that it does not identify you. Anonymous information means it is  anonymous.


If we ever have to share data with entities that are outside of the EEA,  we will be sure to do so in a manner that complies with the requirements  established by the GDPR.

 
We would normally communicate to you about products or services in which  you have shown interest – we understand that you would be interested in  receiving this information as it is of use with the product or service. But  rest assured, you can ask us to stop.
Also, if you have said we can (i.e. you gave us your clear confirmation),  we will send you marketing messages by email or SMS, to keep you aware of what  we’re up to and to help you see and find our products.
How  to stop marketing messages from us
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time through any  of the following methods:


Through your website account settings
By clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email we send you
By contacting our Customer Care team customercare@maltasupermarket.com 


 
Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don’t  receive further marketing messages. Please note that, it might take a few days  for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we  process your request.
If you ask us to stop marketing messages this will not stop service  communications (such as order updates). This may be necessary of us to  communicate to you as part of our services from our contract.

Seeing our adverts online

 
We engage in online advertising, also to  keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products  using targeted ads which may appear when you are on other websites and apps  that offer such digital marketing services. 
We use a range of advertising technologies  like ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services  offered by some sites and social networks, such as Facebook’s Custom Audience  service.

          The banners and ads you see will be based on information we hold about you, or  your previous use of our website (for example, your search history, and the  content you read) or on banners or ads you have previously clicked on. 
 


 
What are  cookies?
A cookie is a small text file (typically numbers and letters)  that is downloaded onto ‘terminal equipment’ (e.g. your computer or smartphone)  when you (or someone else) access a website using that device.  Cookies are then sent  back to originating website on each subsequent visit – and they are useful  because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device and store some  information about your preferences or past actions.
Some cookies are needed for the sole purpose of carrying out  the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network -  others may be necessary for the provision of a service over the internet, in  which case they have to be used. 
Other cookies may be desirable to improve your experience, in  which case we will ask you for your consent to use them. 
 
How do you  change your cookie settings?
To find  out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how  to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org .
 
Other  Passive Information which we collect
Apart  from the information you provide us with when using our Website, other  information is passively collected from you (without you actively furnishing  such information) when you navigate through the website. We use various  technologies and navigational data collection methods to gather such passive  information for various reasons, for example to track how many visitors access  our website, the date and time of their visit, the length of their stay and  which pages they view. The passive information also aids us to determine which  web browsers our visitors use and the address from which they accessed our  website – for instance if they connect to our Website through clicking on one  of our banner ads. This  technology does not identify you personally.  
Such  passively collected information may be used and combined to improve our  services to website visitors, customise the website based on your preferences,  compile and analyse statistics and trends of our visitors and their use of the  sites operated by us and our related entities or subsidiaries. Together with  our related entities and subsidiaries we will use this information and share it  with third parties to improve the content, functionality and administration of  our websites, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve  our products and services. 
We  assure you that, unless you have consented, such passive information shall not  be combined with personally identifiable information collected elsewhere by our  website or respective sites operated by our related entities or subsidiaries. 



Vacancies – Job Applicants


          Our website includes a section with which candidates may submit their  information for vacancies we have.
We are the data  controller for the information you provide during the process unless otherwise  stated. If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your  information please contact us at customercare@maltasupermarket.com. 

What will we do with the information you provide to us?

 
All of the information you provide during the process will only be used  for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or  regulatory requirements if necessary.
We will not share any  of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third  parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the  European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us  and/or our data processors whether the information is in electronic or physical  format.
We will use  the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your  application. 
We will use  the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you  have applied for. 

What information do we ask for, and why?

 
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated  purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary. The information  we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. 
You don’t have to provide what we ask for but it might affect your  application if you don’t. 

Application stage & Short Listing

 
If you use our online application system, this will be collected by our  hiring managers and  Directors as listed  on the Registry of Companies within the Malta Financial Services Authority.
We ask you for your personal details including name and contact details.  We will also ask you about your previous experience, education, referees and  for answers to questions relevant to the role you have applied for. Our  recruitment team will have access to all of this information.
 
Our hiring  managers shortlist applications for interview. They will be provided with your  name or contact details.
 
We might ask  you to participate in further recruitment tests or occupational personality  profile questionnaires; and/or to attend an interview – or a combination of  these. Information will be generated by you and by us and if so, this  information is held by us for the recruitment exercise and perhaps after if you  are selected.
If we make a  conditional offer of employment we may ask you for information so that we can  carry out pre-employment checks – which may be required to seek assurance as to  trustworthiness, integrity and reliability and the possibility to work in Malta.  Further processing of your information would be required if we are to apply for  a work permit.
Depending on  the job requirements, you may be required to provide: Proof of your identity;  Proof of your qualifications; Police Conduct; declaration to declare any  unspent convictions.

We will provide your  email address to the Government Recruitment Service who will contact you to  complete an application for a Basic Criminal Record check via the Disclosure  and Barring Service, or Access NI, which will verify your declaration of  unspent convictions.
We will contact your  referees, using the details you provide in your application, directly to obtain  references.
We will also ask you  to complete a questionnaire about your health. This is to establish your  fitness to work. This is done through a data processor (please see below).

 
If we make a  final offer, we will also ask you for the following:

Bank details – to  process salary payments
Emergency contact  details – so we know who to contact in case you have an emergency at work

 
Final  recruitment decisions are made by hiring managers and members of our  recruitment team. All of the information gathered during the application  process is taken into account.
 
If you are  unsuccessful following assessment for the position you have applied for, we may  ask if you would like your details to be retained in our talent pool for a  period of 2 years. If you say yes, we may proactively contact you should any  further suitable vacancies arise within that period. You may ask us to cancel  this at any time – however we normally keep information about your application for  at least six (6) months in case you raise any questions about the process.
If you are  employed, we will keep your personal data throughout the employment and for a  period after that in accordance with our HR privacy policy.
 


 
You enjoy several rights relating to your personal information:

The right to be informed about how your personal information is being  used;

 
We need to be  clear with you about how we process your personal data. We do this through this  Privacy Policy, which we will keep as up to date as possible. 

The right to access  the personal information we hold about you;

 
You can access  the personal data we hold on you by contacting us  customercare@maltasupermarket.com or 27881000. 
To process  your request, we will ask you to send us proof of identity so that we can be  sure we are releasing your personal data to the right person. 
We will carry  out our best efforts to process your request within one month or, if the  request is particularly complex, two months. We can provide you with a copy of  your personal data in electronic format or hard copy. 
If we consider  the frequency of your requests as being unreasonable, we may refuse to comply  with your request. In those circumstances, if you disagree, you can complain to  the data protection authority – in Malta, the Information and Data Protection  Commissioner.

The right to request  the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you;

 
We appreciate  feedback from you to ensure our records are accurate and up-to-date. 
If you think  that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete please ask  us to correct it by contacting us here customercare@maltasupermarket.com.

The right to request  that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it;

 
You can ask us  to delete your personal data; however, this is not an absolute right.
In spite of a  request for erasure, we may be justified to keep personal data which we need to  keep, e.g. (i) to comply with a legal obligation (for instance, we are required  by personal data for VAT reporting purposes); and (ii) in relation to the  exercise or defence of any legal claims. 
When you ask  us to delete your personal data, we assume that you do not want to hear from us  again. To ensure that we do not send you any special offers in the future (for  example, if we purchased your details from a third party list), we will retain  just enough of your personal data solely for suppression purposes. 
Other than as  described above, we will always comply with your request and do so promptly. We  would carry out our best efforts to notify any third parties with whom we have  shared your personal data about your request so that they could also comply.

The right to stop  direct marketing messages; 

 

The right to object  to certain processing based on legitimate interest;

You have a  right to object to our use of your personal information including where we use  it for our legitimate interests or where we use your personal information to  carry out profiling using automated means.

The right to request  human intervention if automated processing without human intervention is used  to make decisions having legal or similar effects on you;

 

The right to withdraw  consent for other consent-based processing at any time;


The right to request  that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service  provider;

 
You have the  right to move, copy or transfer your personal data from one organisation to  another. If you do wish to transfer your personal data we would be happy to  help. 
If you ask for  a data transfer, we will give you a copy of your personal data in a structured,  commonly used and machine-readable form (e.g. a CSV file format). We can  provide the personal data to you directly or, if you request, to another  organisation. 
Please note  that we are not required to adopt processing systems that are compatible with  another organisation, so it may be that the recipient organisation cannot  automatically use the personal data we provide. 
When making a  transfer request, it would be helpful if you can identify exactly what personal  data you wish us to transfer.

The right to complain  to your data protection regulator — in Malta – the Information and Data  Protection Commissioner (IDPC)

 
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have  questions, please contact us here customercare@maltasupermarket.com. 
Please appreciate that the rights must be exercised within some  limitation – for example, if you ask us for information we can only give you  what relates to you and not what relates to other persons. When we receive requests,  we may also request that you identify yourself and provide documentation or  information for verification (we would not want to disclose information to the  wrong person). Unreasonable requests may be subjected to a reasonable fee or  refusal to respond. 
 

Security of your Personal Data

Security of your  personal data is very important to us. 
Where it’s  appropriate, our website uses HTTPS to help keep information about you secure.  However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally  secure.
You may complete a  registration process when you sign up to use parts of the websites. This may  include the creation of a username, password and/or other identification  information. Any such details should be kept confidential by you and should not  be disclosed to or shared with anyone. 
Where you do disclose  any of these details, you are solely responsible for all activities undertaken  where they are used. 
Whenever you create a  password, then to protect your account you should choose a strong password,  meaning it should be lengthy and include a mixture of letters and numbers with  mix of CAPS. 
We do our best to  keep the information you disclose to us secure. However, we can't guarantee or  warrant the security of any information which you send to us.
Security measures  which have implemented to secure information transmitted over our website or  stored on our systems include the following:
 




Use of secure servers;
Use of firewalls;
Use of encryption;
Physical access controls at data centres;
Information access controls;
Use of back-up systems; 




Please understand, however,  that no system is perfect or can guarantee that unauthorised access or theft  will not occur. 



Changes to how we protect your privacy 

 
Our website  is continually under review – new functions and features are periodically added  and improved to interface, thus changes to our privacy policy may be required  from time to time. 
We  therefore encourage you to check our privacy policy on a frequent basis.
 


 
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to  other websites which are not controlled by us. We are not responsible for the  collection or use of your personal information from these third-party websites. 
Therefore, we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other  websites you visit.


 
We  are always happy to hear from you, whether to make a suggestion but especially  if you feel we can do better. 
If  you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to make a  complaint about how we have handled your personal information, please get in touch here http://maltasupermarket.com/contactus.php or contact us at:
Maltasupermarket.com
          Shopwise  Developments Ltd
          Parish  Street
          Naxxar  NXR2558
customercare@maltasupermarket.com
 
We  have appointed a Data Protection Officer who may be contacted here: customercare@maltasupermarket.com
 
 

 
 
 


The Personal Data
Why it is used
The legal basis (one of the 6 grounds e.g.  contract or consent etc)
The applicable Retention Period


 
 
 
 

 

