We respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining it. We only collect, store and process your personal information in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.
By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Websites you confirm that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy. Please ensure you have read it carefully, and particularly the section detailing your rights in relation to the personal information that we collect about you.
To help you navigate this policy we've split this up into the following sections:

What information we collect about you? 

Personal information that we collect from you – this will depend upon the services you are using: 
• Name and Title
		• Home, Billing and Delivery Address(es)
		• Email Address(es) (home, mobile, work – customer dependant)
		• Phone Number(s) (home, mobile, work – customer dependant) 
		• Purchase information
		• Payment card information
		• Account Password and Login details
		• Debenhams Store Card account number(s)
		• Debenhams Credit Card account number(s)
		• Debenhams Beauty Club Card number(s)
		• Date of Birth 
		• Gender
		• Social media account details
		
		• Your comments, product reviews and responses on surveys you complete
		• Beauty Club Community Membership email address, and any information about yourself that you choose to submit or post as part of your Beauty Community membership or that relates to your activities in the Beauty Community such as: Nickname, personal characteristics such as 'Biography’, 'Skin care, make up, fragrance wants’, groups, conversations, photographs and videos.
		• Appointment booking and information given during an appointment
		• Any shopping preferences or details to help us suggest items for you
		• Details of your interactions with our Customer Contact Centre
		• Your images on CCTV
		• Your car number plate if recorded to manage parking at our Stores
		• IP Address 
		• Device information
		• Website / Browsing History, including location data
		• Cookie information (please see our Cookie Policy for details)

Personal Finance products
In addition to the above, we may also receive the following in connection with any purchase from our Personal Finance products range (including Insurance and Travel Money), depending on the type of product you purchase:

		• Insurance policy information provided to us by the relevant partner or aggregator, including: policy number, application date, policy start & end dates, product level selected, Premium, Underwriter, contract type (monthly, annual etc), transaction details i.e. dates of quote, purchase, renewal or cancellations, promotion code(s), homeowner status, customer reference numbers, number of vehicles in household, term of cover (for life insurance), wedding date (for weddings insurance) Pet type and multi-pet flag (Pet insurance only).
		• If you are a Debenhams employee, we will receive that information for our internal records.
		• Copies of documents you provide to prove your age or identity where required (for example, your passport and driver's licence or National ID Card (EU issued) for Travel Money ID checks). If you provide a passport, this will include your place of birth and nationality. 
		• For Travel Money we may also require proof of address where the transactions are over a certain amount. This can be a bank statement, recent household/utility bill or official letter.  
		• Proof of funds and evidence of what the funds are required for which we may request for Travel Money anti-money laundering purposes. This may include a bank withdrawal slip or account statement.
		
In some circumstances we may collect special category data such as details of medical conditions, nationality, racial or ethnic origin from you. Please section 5 for full details.
We collect personal information when you:

		• Purchase products or services or buy or redeem vouchers through the Websites, including the mobile sites, over the phone, through store kiosks and/or store till points
		• Register for My Account 
		• Register for Debenhams Beauty Club
		• Sign up to the Beauty Club Community
		• Engage with the Beauty Club Community 
		
		• Open a Debenhams Credit Card in store or online 
		
		• Obtain a quote for and/or take out a Debenhams Insurance policy  
		• Make changes to, make a claim or complaint, or cancel a Debenhams Insurance policy 
		• Purchase Travel Money in store or online
		• Sign up to receiving e-receipts
		• Subscribe to our newsletters 
		• Submit reviews or choose to complete surveys we have sent you
		• Engage with us via social media
		• Register or use our in-store WIFI (in any of our stores)
		• Enter our competitions, prize draws or promotions 
		
		• Sign up to receive push notifications to your personal device 
		• Use our customer services team or contact us for any reason, e.g. order queries, complaints, website issues via our web-chat facility, phone, email and postal correspondence 
		• Complete a form, such as for a transaction or employment purpose or for accident or incidents in stores or for other health and safety or security purposes
		• Book an appointment with us, such as bra fit and personal shopper, or to attend an event we've organised
		• Use our car parks and stores which usually have CCTV systems operated for the security of both customers and colleagues
		• Browse the website - please see the section on cookies for more information

Personal information that we collect from Third Parties
We may collect personal information provided to us by other companies who have obtained your permission to share this information with us, or who need to share information with us in relation to goods and/or services you have purchased - such as our Microsite partners (see section 9 below).
We also collect personal information from third party databases (for example for our fraud checks) or  from other third parties who are involved with your purchase of goods and/or services, such as aggregator sites involved with a quote or renewal for an Insurance product.
If you link your Google, Facebook or Twitter accounts or any accounts from other third party services (like shopping research panels or public forums such as blogging sites) to Debenhams then we also receive information from those accounts to the extent you've agreed to this as part of your settings and that third party's privacy policy. 
Personal Information collected by other parties 
Debenhams works with many third parties to provide goods and services, such as our store and food concessions and beauty brands. These companies may, from time to time, collect personal information directly from you to organise appointments or book their services, or for their own marketing and tracking purposes. 
If they do collect your personal information in this way, these companies will be acting as Data Controllers in their own right, separately from Debenhams. Any use of your personal information will therefore be subject to that company’s own privacy policy which should be made available to you at the time that they collect your personal information. 
Please also see our section on Microsites below for how we work with other partners, including our Personal Finance providers, to provide you additional goods and services.
Personal Information of Children
Debenhams does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information. Although visitors of all ages may navigate through our website, we do not intentionally collect personal information from those under the age of 16. If, following a notification by a parent or guardian, or discovery by other means, a child under 16 has been improperly registered on our site by using false information, we will cancel the child's account and delete the child's personal information from our records.

How we will use the information about you?

We use your personal information in a number of different ways, depending on the type of information provided. You do not have to provide this personal information but if you don't, you may not be able to purchase goods from us, we may not be able to provide certain services and you are unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience.  
The tables below set this out in detail, showing what we do, and why we do it: 



Personal information
How we use this personal information
Why we do it


Your name and contact detail
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you.
To fulfil your order, i.e. taking payment, updating you regarding the status of your order and shipping the order to you (including the printing of labels).



To manage any issues during order fulfilment. This would also include travel money orders / tax free shopping / click and collect / refunds and returns.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you. We may also keep a record of this to comply with our legal obligations.



To register you for My Account.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you. Where you have not yet purchased anything from us, we will ask you if you want to consent to email marketing through this registration.



To sign you up to receive our email Newsletters when you sign up by submitting your details via our online form.
You consent to receive our email Newsletters if you chose to sign up by completing and submitting our online form. You can opt out of these at any time through your account settings. We will also ask you if you want to consent to other email marketing when submitting your details.



To register you for a Beauty Club account and/or membership of our Beauty Club Community and send you your Beauty Club Card confirmation, your Beauty Club Card and ongoing statements, points and Beauty Club and Beauty Club Community related emails.
							
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you. We use a third party, Lithium, for Beauty Club Community – please see the Beauty Club Community Terms of Use for further information.



To update you regarding your Beauty Club account and/or Beauty Club Community account, manage your account and send you vouchers.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you.



To send you offers, promotions and events for Beauty Club holders and/or Beauty Club Community members.
Debenhams has legitimate interest to send you promotions relevant to the Beauty Club scheme. and/or Beauty Club Community. You can opt out of these at any time through your account settings. 



To provide an e-Receipt for a store purchase. We use a third party, One Market, to do this.
In order to perform our contract with you (provision of a digital receipt) we will capture this information.



To check that the email address provided for the e-Receipt is valid. We use a third party, One Market, to do this. We will also contact you by email to check the correct email address is provided.
Debenhams has legitimate interest to ensure e-Receipts are provided to a valid email address.



To verify your identity when you access your account, Beauty Club account, Beauty Club Community account or to contact you to perform security checks.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in ensuring that you are who you say you are to ensure good and services are provided to the correct person.



In the detection and prevention of fraud or other crimes.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in protecting itself from Fraud.



To monitor and improve the services and the Website, including monitoring browsing activity and session replays.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in monitoring the websites to improve customer experience.



To be able to return any lost items to you or record any incidents or accidents in store
You have legitimate interest in providing this information to Debenhams to ensure we can manage any of the occurrences that may occur in store.



To send you an email that you have abandoned your basket or, for existing customers (subject to your preferences), where we send you updates on items you have been browsing.
Debenhams has legitimate interest to sell its products, including checking to see if customers want to continue processing their order.



To invite you to complete a survey where you have purchased goods, registered an account or signed up to our newsletters or reward schemes, or otherwise interacted with Debenhams  in store or online. We may use third parties to send you these surveys and compile responses.
Debenhams has a legitimate interest in selling its products and improving our customer experience. We don't need your consent to send you these communications but they will not include any promotional content unless you have opted-in to receive marketing from us. We use responses from surveys to monitor and improve the quality of our products and services and your overall customer experience for the future.



To send you marketing promotions, offers, competitions and events by email, post, phone and SMS for Debenhams goods and services, (subject to your preferences). Please see the section below on Marketing for more information. We use a third party, Salesforce, to help us manage and send out emails. 
Debenhams has legitimate interest in selling its products. Sending details of promotions, offers and events to customers helps us do this. You are free to opt-out of receiving these communications at any time. 



To administer any prize draws or competitions that you choose to enter. We sometimes use third parties to help us do this - we will make this clear in the terms and conditions of the prize draw or competition.
We will do this based on the consent you give us when you enter. If a third party will use these details to contact you directly as part of the prize draw or competition, we will ask for your consent to that third party contacting you.



To send you push notifications that you sign up to via your personal device to keep you up to date with our latest offers, products and promotions
We will do this based on the consent you give us when you sign up to receive these notifications. You can stop receiving these at any time. Please see our Marketing section for more details.



To process and manage your booking/appointment (for example with our personal shoppers or bra fit). We use a third party, Booking Bug, to run the booking pages (please see the Microsites section below).
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you and to enable us to set up the appointment and arrange this with you.



To combine aggregated information about our customers (that doesn't identify those customers) to help us track performance and improve the services we offer.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in analysing this information to improve customer experience.



To send you service emails or communications required by law to update you about any changes to our goods and services, any information required by law relating to your order or product recalls.
We need to do this to comply with our legal obligations. We don't need your consent to send you these communications but they will not include any promotional content.



To develop and test any changes or improvements to our Websites, goods or services.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in developing and testing our goods and services to improve customer experience.


Your payment details
To fulfil your order, i.e. taking payment, updating you regarding the status of your order and shipping the order to you. As well as managing any issues during order fulfilment.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you and our contracts with partners and suppliers who work with us to provide a service to you.  



To analyse customer spend within our stores and online.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in analysing this information to improve customer experience.


Your login and Password
To verify your identity when you access your account.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in ensuring that you are who you say you are to ensure goods and services are provided to the correct person.


Your device information, preferences and cookies provided when you browse our website 
To tailor your experience online and send you personalised emails (in combination with other information you have provided us or our third parties) so that we can offer you goods and services and promotions, offers and events we think you will be interested in. 
We will do this where you have consented to the use of cookies on our database. Please see our section on Cookies and our Cookie Policy for more details. You can manage your cookie settings at any time.



To show you advertising on such Social Media platforms as Facebook and Twitter or third party advertising that may appear on other websites you use. 
We will do this where you have consented to the use of cookies on our database. Please see our section on Cookies and our Cookie Policy for more details. You can manage your cookie settings at any time.  



To combine the information that we collect directly from you with any information that we obtain from third parties to whom you have given your consent to pass that data onto us, such as the Social Media platforms and publicly available information we describe above.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in understanding our customers and what will interest them for the best customer experience. This also helps us identify trends in different countries which helps us to better understand our customers in those countries.



To combine with personal information that we collect directly from you (including survey responses) with any information that we obtain from third parties in order to classify our customers into segments, using shopping habits information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experiences with our products and contact preferences. 
Debenhams has legitimate interest in understanding our customers and what will interest them for the best customer experience. These segments help us to understand our customers better. To the extent we receive data from third parties, this will be based on the permission you have given that third party to share your data with us.


Device information and details when using our Wi-Fi
We do this to allow you to use our in-store Wi-Fi service and to allow automatic reconnection when you return to our store. We use O2 to provide the Wi-Fi.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you. We will also ask you if you want to consent to email marketing through this registration.


Information about yourself that you choose to submit or post as part of your Beauty Club Community membership or that relates to your activities in the Beauty Club Community
We do this to promote the Beauty Club Community and Debenhams products in marketing campaigns using content that has been posted by our Beauty Club Community members. Please see the Beauty Club Community Terms of Use for further information. 
Debenhams has a legitimate interest in promoting the Beauty Club Community and Debenhams products to our customers. You are free to edit or remove your content from the Beauty Club Community at any time. 


Financial information, social media information
When combined with personal identification and contact details to investigate cases of fraud.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in protecting ourselves from various types of fraud.


Your image on CCTV
To ensure the safety and security of colleagues and customers and the prevention or detection of unlawful acts.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in protecting itself from crime, and to provide a safe working environment for our staff. 



To administer parking regulations in those car parks which are linked to our Stores.
Debenhams works with the third party operators of the car parks and has legitimate interest to ensure that these parking regulations are adhered to.




Personal Finance products



Personal information
How we use this personal information
Why we do it


Your personal details and preferences 
Subject to your preferences, to provide you with tailored offers, for example to Debenhams cardholders. These can be based on an analysis of previous purchases using your Debenhams store or credit card, including the items you've just bought. 
Debenhams has legitimate interest to show you relevant offers which you are free to take advantage of if you choose. We work with our partners to bring you relevant offers, updates, products and services, and discounts from choosing a Debenhams branded product.


Your payment details / financial information
To open a Debenhams credit card account or purchase a financial product such as travel money or Car Insurance.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you and our contracts with partners and suppliers who work with us to provide a service to you.



To set up, manage and process insurance customer policies, claims, renewals and other customer claims.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you.



To audit our providers, including to establish that a record sale was made.
Debenhams has legitimate interest in auditing our providers.


Identification documents
For travel money purchases, depending on the amount of money you want to purchase we may need to ask you for further identification, including when you complete a Customs Compliance Form.
We need to do this to comply with our legal obligations.


Salary or wage
To open a Debenhams credit card account.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you.




In some circumstances we also need to provide your information to enable us to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, such as criminal or whistleblowing investigations. We will do this where Debenhams has a legal obligation to provide such personal information to the authorities and regulators to comply with the law.
We may also use publicly available information (such as from the electoral register) to ensure that our database is kept accurate and relevant. Debenhams has a legitimate interest to ensure our database is kept up to date.
Personal information shared with Third Parties
In order to provide our services to you, we share your data with the following categories of companies:

• Companies in the Debenhams group - all Debenhams companies within the group adhere to the same standards of data protection.
• Companies that help get your purchases to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies or as part of the standard customer journey for the purposes of taking payment, managing your order, monitoring site performance and stability, improving customer experience, tracking revenue, delivery and returns.
• Concession and cosmetics partners who are responsible for delivering their products directly to you or providing services, such as makeovers, in our stores. 
• Our Financial Services partners who are responsible for administering and operating our financial services products. Details of these can be found under the section on microsites. 
• Companies who help administer your account and handle any customer complaints and correspondence, such as our Customer Contact Centre.
• Companies who help us arrange any services you have asked for, such as appointment bookings for our personal shopper or bra fit services or our Beauty Club Community pages.
• Professional service providers, such as IT providers, marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts who help us run our business and deliver our marketing and advertising to you, including third party print companies for mailing purposes.
• Data insight companies and other business systems providers who ensure the information we hold is up to date and accurate. We also share information with our insurance providers to help deliver more accurate pricing for insurance quotes. 
• Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies and payment card and insurance providers. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer and we may share your personal information with such third parties as are necessary to enable us to do such checks. The third parties may keep a record of the information provided.
• Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us), and PayPal where you choose to use their payment service.
• If we sell or buy any business or assets or transfer an area of the business to a new provider, we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets or any third party who acquires our assets or who the business is transferred to.

Debenhams only transfers your personal information to those third parties where we can be sure that we can protect your privacy and your rights. We only transfer the information which is needed to provide the goods and services and if we stop using a third party, we require them to remove or anonymise your information. We have contracts in place with all of our business partners and audit them regularly to ensure data security. We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party.
Security of your information
We want you to have confidence in how we use and hold your personal information. We have in place a range of organisational, procedural and technical security measures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorised use or disclosure, including password protection on My Account. We regularly conduct security assessments against our web platforms and applications in order to provide you with the necessary trust and protection you expect when interacting with Debenhams online services.

How long we will store your information?

We'll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account with Debenhams, or as long as is needed for us to be able to provide the relevant goods or services to you. Debenhams' general retention policy is to retain information for 6 years. 
In some circumstances, such as to meet our legal or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may hold on to your personal information after we’ve finished providing services to you, or for longer than our general retention policy. 

Your rights over your information

You have many rights over your personal information and how it is used. The table below sets out the rights which are available to you (depending on how we collected your personal data) and how to make use of those rights. 
If you would like to make a request for any of the rights detailed below, please  click here.
Please be aware that we will need to verify your identity before providing any personal data to you. We do this to protection your information. We may also ask you to provide us some additional voluntary information to help us process your request more efficiently.



Your rights
How to make use of those rights


Right to be informed about what we do with your information
This Privacy Policy and any details provided when we capture your personal information will keep you informed about how we will use this information. 


Right to access your information
You can request access to the personal information we hold about you. In most cases this is free of charge. 


Right to correct your information
If you believe that the personal information we hold about you may be incorrect, then the easiest way to correct this is through updating your profile in My Account. If you don't want to do it this way or don't have a My Account, you can ask for us to update your information. 


Right to object to, or restrict, Debenhams using your information
In certain circumstances (including where we use legitimate interests as set out below) you can ask us to stop processing your information or ask for us to limit the ways in which we process this information. However we can refuse a request in some cases - we will provide you with information explaining why we have refused your request if we do this. 


Right to delete your personal information (unless we have a reason to keep it)
Some people call this the "right to be forgotten". Unless we have a reason for keeping your personal information (for example, where we need this to provide a service to you ordeal with an ongoing complaint), you can request for us to stop holding your personal information. If we need to hold on to your information we will tell you why we need to do this when we respond. Please note, that that if we stop holding your personal information then you may lose some benefits (for example, your points associated with your Beauty Club card). 


Right to stop direct marketing messages
You can do this easily through unsubscribing at the bottom of our emails, updating your preferences in My Account, choosing to stop push notifications using your device settings or by contacting us (see the Marketing section below).


Right to portability of your information
You can ask us to move, transfer or copy your information so that you can use this information in a different service. To the extent we are able to do so, we will make this information available to you in a commonly used format so that you can transfer this to another service. 




Consent
Where Debenhams is using your personal information based on your express consent to this, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. To withdraw your consent please contact us at DebenhamsGDPR@Debenhams.com
You can also update your consent settings for cookies on the website using your browser settings. Please see the section on cookies for more information.
Legitimate Interests
If Debenhams are relying on our legitimate interests to process your information, you have the right to object to us doing this in light of your individual circumstances. We will review this objection and, unless we consider that our legitimate interests override your rights, we will stop processing your information in this way. Please see the "Right to object to, or restrict, Debenhams using your information" in the table above.
Complain to the Regulator
If you believe that we have not handled your personal information correctly or are not happy with how we have dealt with your request, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your relevant regulatory authority. In the UK this is the Information Commissioner's Office

Special category data 

Certain categories of personal information have additional protection under the GDPR. The categories include information about your health, racial or ethnic origin. 
Debenhams processes special category data where this is provided by you during the course of correspondence with us to inform us of any delivery/assistance requirements or as part of a complaint or grievance procedure or in relation to an accident or incident which has occurred on our premises. Debenhams will process this information to provide you with the assistance you have requested or to deal with your complaint. Where you have asked us to provide assistance or special delivery instructions, we will do this on the basis of your consent to us using it in this way. Where we are processing this information in order to deal with a complaint, this processing will be necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims made by or against us.
Special category data may also be required as part of your negotiations for a Personal Finance product, including obtaining a quote for insurance or for insurance claims or for Travel Money transactions. For Travel Money transactions, it is necessary for us to process this information for the purposes of preventing fraud and in order to comply with our legal obligations. For our other Personal Finance products, our third party providers will process your special category data in accordance with their own privacy policies. Please see our Microsites section for further information. 

Marketing 

If you have given us your contact details, we may use these (in accordance with any preferences you have expressed) to send you marketing messages by email, post, phone and social media to keep you aware of what we're up to and to help you see and find our products. This includes sending details of special offers, services (including our financial services) and promotions from Debenhams. 
As part of running our business, Debenhams has a legitimate interest to promote our products using marketing messages to existing customers of Debenhams and/or those in a negotiation with us for a sale or service, unless you have asked us not to. 
When we collect your personal data, we give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those marketing messages by simply ticking the box. We also have lots of other ways you can stop marketing messages in the future, which we've set out below.
If you are currently opted-out of our marketing, you can always choose to opt-in to receive our emails by ticking the box at checkout or by amending your My Account preferences.
If you are logged-in, then your current email marketing preferences (which you can find in your My Account) will be displayed at checkout. You can change these preferences in My Account or using the options detailed below at any time. 
How to stop marketing messages from Debenhams
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time. 
For email marketing, the best way to do this is to click on the 'unsubscribe' link in any email you receive. You can also do this through your My Account settings on our websites. 
You can opt out of other marketing as follows:

		• For phone and direct mail – you can contact our Customer Contact Centre (see Contact Us section below)
		• For targeted or personalised adverts – you can update your Cookie preferences at any time (see Cookie section below and our Cookie Policy for how to do this). 

It might take some time for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we fully process your request, but we will ensure that we mark you as having opted out on our database as soon as we receive your request.
We are working on improving our customer experience to allow you to opt-out easily of our communications and cookies and we will update this policy and our Cookies policy as soon as we have this in place.
Please be aware that stopping marketing messages will not stop our service communications (such as order updates).
Banner messages and personalised adverts on other websites
Like other retailers, we also target Debenhams banners and ads to you when you are on other websites, apps and social media. We do this using a range of advertising technologies such as ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks, such as Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest.
The recommendations will be based on information we hold about you, or your previous use of our services (for example, your Debenhams search history, and the content you read on Debenhams) or on Debenhams banners or ads you have previously clicked on.
If you don't want to see these ads, then you can either disable cookies in your browser, or reject cookies from the site you're visiting. Please see our Cookies Policy for further details.

Automated decision-making 

Debenhams might make some decisions about you using your personal information which is based on profiling without our staff intervention (known as automated decision making).
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making which produces a legal or other similarly significant effect. However, this will not apply if the decision is  necessary for a contract, authorised by law, or has your express consent.
In most cases, we use automated decision making in order for you to enter into a contract with us (such as automatic fraud screening), or in ways which won't have a significant effect on you as an individual (such as our general analysis of data to gain insights into behaviours and characteristics of our customers). 
We use profiling to tailor adverts for you, such as displaying Debenhams adverts based on your previous website interactions and purchase behaviours, how you access our services and where you access our services from. We do this to serve you ads that we believe you will be most interested in and prevent you from seeing ads that are unlikely to be of interest to you, or for products that aren't available in your area. You can choose not to be profiled in this way by opting out of marketing and by updating your cookies preferences.
Personal Finance products
As we have an extensive list of financial products, we use automated decision making when you are entering into a contract for a particular product in order to:

		• Monitor Debenhams staff compliance - as a credit broker Debenhams has an obligation to monitor how accounts are being processed in store by colleagues and be able to demonstrate this to the regulator (if required).
		• Review any Travel Money transactions to ensure Debenhams complies with Anti Money Laundering guidelines and any suspicious activity is reported.

When you apply for Debenhams Personal Finance products through our third party microsites then they may also profile you using automated means which will be specified in their privacy policies. This includes approving or denying credit card applications, travel money transactions or insurance policy applications and pricing for insurance quotes based on risk profiling. 
You can request a manual review of the accuracy of an automated decision if you are unhappy with it.

Push Notifications 

Push Notifications from Debenhams are short messages sent directly to your device. These messages will appear on the notification bar of your device and may contain links to areas of the Debenhams website. We'll use this service to keep you up to date with our latest offers, products and promotions.
You can stop receiving these notifications at any time by following the below steps:

	1. Open up the Chrome Browser
	2. Tap the 3 dots in the top right corner to open up the menu
	3. Tap "Settings"
	4. Under "Basics" tap Notifications
	5. Under "Sites" untick the checkbox next to the Debenhams URL. Changes are saved automatically.


Cookies 

Cookies are small encrypted text files that are stored on your device by a website. Our Websites use cookies to enable you to shop, enhance your shopping experience and to analyse our traffic.
For further information visit  http://aboutcookies.org.uk/ 
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our Website features may not function as a result. 
Our Cookie Policy is set out here 

Other websites

Our Website contains links to other websites. This Privacy Policy only applies to the Debenhams Websites so when you link to another website, we advise you to read that website's privacy notice.
Microsites
We have partnered with various trusted third parties to provide goods and services to you. Such goods and services can be accessed through links on the Website to the third-party company's microsite. A microsite is a website which is operated by a third-party company but is Debenhams branded. These third parties may pass your personal information to Debenhams in order to provide the goods and services to you and, where you have agreed, for Debenhams to send you details of our promotions and products.
These microsites are governed by their own terms and conditions and privacy policies. When you apply for a product or service from one of our chosen providers by going to their microsite, your personal information will be collected and used by the provider under the terms of their privacy policy.  
We receive information from certain microsite partners in connection with the products or services you have purchased from them. This includes information provided for your appointments with our Personal Shopper and Bra fit services, sales and claim management information from our Insurance providers, details of gift card purchases or promotions that we require to manage and fulfil these gift cards and details of your Travel Money purchase. We will process any information we receive from these microsite partners in accordance with our privacy policy.
Please see the list below for all our microsite partnerships:  
Debenhams goods and services 



Site
Address
Provided by:


Debenhams Personal Shopper
https://personal-shopper.bookings.debenhams.com/ 
Booking Bug


Debenhams Bra Fit
https://bra-fit.bookings.debenhams.com/#/shopper_service_list 
Booking Bug


Debenhams Electricals
http://www.debenhamsplus.com
Buy it Direct


Debenhams Wedding Stationery
http://www.debenhamsweddingstationery.co.uk
Collisons Ltd


Debenhams Formal hire
http://www.debenhams-formalhire.com/ 
BMB Clothing Ltd / Baird Group Ltd




Debenhams Personal Finance products



Site
Address(es)
Provided by:


Debenhams Card application 
https://apply.newdaycards.com/debenhams
NewDay


Insurance


Debenhams Travel insurance
http://www.debenhams-travelinsurance.com
					https://medical.debenhams-travelinsurance.com
					http://carhire.debenhams-travelinsurance.com
					
ROCK Insurance Services Limited


Debenhams Home Insurance
http://www.debenhamshomeinsurance.co.uk
Eldon Insurance Services Limited


Debenhams Life Insurance
http://www.debenhamslifeinsurance.co.uk/
Eldon Insurance Services Limited 


Debenhams Car Insurance
http://www.debenhamscarinsurance.co.uk
Eldon Insurance Services Limited and Southern Rock Insurance Company Limited


Debenhams Wedding Insurance
http://www.debenhamsweddinginsurance.com
					https://www.debenhamsasianweddinginsurance.com/
UK General Insurance Ltd


Debenhams Pet Insurance
https://debenhams.quote-my-pet.co.uk
BDML Connect Limited


Debenhams Gadget Insurance
http://www.debenhamsgadgetinsurance.com
Taurus Insurance Services Limited


Travel Money


Debenhams Travel Money
https://www.money4travel.com/debenhamsfx/shop
Stanton Consultancy Ltd


Travel Money Card
https://portal.prepaytec.com/chopinweb/scareMyLogin.do?
					customerCode=452192018122512&loc=en
PPS (Prepay Services)


Gift Cards


Gift cards - postal service
https://www.voucherexpress.net/debenhams
Voucher Express


e-Gift card service
https://www.voucherexpress.net/DebenhamsEgift/byemail/
Voucher Express


Personalised gift cards
https://www.mydebenhamsgiftcards.com/
Nitecrest Ltd


Corporate Gift Vouchers - Buy online
https://www.voucherexpress.co.uk/vectr/Debenhamsbusiness/
Voucher Express


Corporate Gift Cards - Buy online
https://www.voucherexpress.co.uk/vectr/Debenhamsbusiness/
Voucher Express


Debenhams for charity – Guide Dogs
https://www.debenhamsforcharity.com/guidedogs/ 
Nitecrest Ltd


Debenhams Beauty Club Community
https://community.debenhams.com/ 
Lithium *See Beauty Club Community Terms of Use for details




Other sites



Site
Address
Provided/Supported by:


Debenhams Careers
http://www.debenhams-careers.com/ and https://www.jobsatdebenhams.com
Debenhams Careers plc hosted by Pink Squid


Debenhams Corporate
http://phx.corporate-ir.net/frame.zhtml?c=196805&p=index
Debenhams Plc, supported by Nasdaq


Corporate Sustainability
http://sustainability.debenhamsplc.com/
Debenhams Plc, supported by Luminous


Debenhams Press Centre
http://debenhams.pressarea.com/
PR Shots


Debenhams for Charity - Guide Dogs
https://www.debenhamsforcharity.com/guidedogs/
Nitecrest Ltd





Transferring data internationally  

In order to provide our goods and services we may need to transfer your information from your country of residence to another country in the usual course of our business. By dealing with us and submitting your personal information, you agree to the transfer, storage, and/or processing of your personal information outside of your country of residence as set out below.
International orders
If you are based outside the UK and place an order with us (for example, through our International Sites), then we will transfer the personal data that we collect from you to Debenhams in the UK. 
Transferring outside of the EEA
We may transfer your personal information to a third party data processors located in countries outside of the European Economic Area ('EEA').
Debenhams only transfers your personal information to those third parties where we can be sure that we can protect your privacy and your rights, for example the third party is located in a country which the EU has deemed to have adequate data protection laws in place, where that third party is certified on the EU-US Privacy Shield or where we have a contract in place with that third party which includes the European Commission's standard data protection clauses.

Changes to our privacy policy  

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your personal information. If we make significant changes, we will highlight the sections of the privacy policy that have been updated to allow you to review the changes.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the 3 October 2018.

How to contact us 

Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the personal information we hold about you.
You can contact us by:
Email
• DebenhamsGDPR@Debenhams.com 
Telephone
• 0344 800 8877
Or if you prefer you can contact our Data Protection Officer at: DPO@Debenhams.com  
Debenhams Data Protection Officer
Debenhams Retail plc
		10 Brock St,
		Regents Place,
		London 
		NW1 3FG
Unless we've said otherwise in this Privacy Policy, Debenhams will be the "data controller" of your personal information. We determine the means and purposes for processing your personal information. 
Debenhams Retail plc is a company registered in England and Wales (registration number 83395) with registered office at 10 Brock Street, Regent's Place, London, NW1 3FG.


