
The Freedom of Information Act 2014 is in place to ensure governmental departments and listed public bodies make the information they hold available to the public.
The Freedom of Information Act gives individuals the following rights:

The right to access official records held by governmental departments and listed public bodies.
The right to have personal information relating to them amended where it is incomplete, incorrect or misleading.
The right to be supplied with reasons for decisions made or taken by governmental departments and listed public bodies that affect them.

Disclaimer/Note:
There are exemptions in the Freedom of Information Act where, due to specific circumstances, the requested information will not be released, for example: to protect another individual’s privacy rights. If any exemptions are necessary, the reasons will be provided and explained to you by the FOI Unit.
How to make a request to SEAI under the Freedom of Information legislation?
To make a request to SEAI under Freedom of Information legislation, please send your request to our FOI Unit via email: FOI@seai.ie or alternatively via post at:
Freedom of Information Officer

Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland

Wilton Park House

Wilton Place

Dublin 2
In your request, we would ask that you:

Specify that the request is being made under the Freedom of Information Act;
Give as much detail as possible to support your request to enable us to process it efficiently; and
Include your return address or email address.

Is there a Fee for making the request?
When the request is for personal information there are no charges unless there is a significant number of records.
In the case of requests which relate to non-personal information there are charges are applied for search retrieval and copying. The relevant section of the Act here is Section 27(2) and these fees relate to:
(a) Determining whether it holds the information requested;
(b) Locating the information or documents containing the information
(c) Retrieving such information or documents
(d) Extracting the information from the files, documents, electronic or other information sources containing both it and other material not relevant to the request, and
(e) Preparing a schedule specifying the records for consideration for release.
In relation to the search, retrieval and copying charges there is a minimum threshold of €101 below which no search, retrieval and copying charges can be charged. Once the charge reaches the €101 full fees apply. There is a cap on the amount that can be charged and this is set at €500. These is also a further upper ceiling limit on estimated search, retrieval and copying fees set at €700 above which a body can refuse to process a request unless the requester is prepared to refine the request below the limit.
How is a Freedom of Information request processed by SEAI?
The FOI Unit will issue an acknowledgement letter to you within 10 working days (excluding Public Holidays) of your request being received. The next stages of the process will be clearly explained in this letter.
A decision regarding your request will normally be issued by the FOI Unit within 20 working days of the receipt of your request.
In some cases, an extension of time may be necessary to complete the decision. If this occurs while processing your request, the FOI Unit will contact you and explain this requirement.
Can you appeal a decision?
Yes. If you would like to appeal the decision made by the FOI Unit, you can do so by sending a request in writing asking for an internal review of the decision to the Freedom Of Information Officer.
An internal review fee of €30 (€10 for medical card holders) is applicable when appealing a decision and this is to be sent with your written submission.
The appeal process will involve a full reassessment of your original Freedom of Information request at a more senior level.
If, after the internal review, you are unsatisfied with the decision and you would like to appeal again, your appeal should be directed to the Office of the Information Commissioner.
The fee for appeals to the Office of the Information Commissioner is €50 and €15 for medical card holders and their dependants.
