
SEAI is a Public Authority for the purposes of the European Communities (Access to Information on the Environment Regulations) 2007 to 2014. (the “AIE Regulations”)
The AIE Regulations give you the right to access Environmental Information held by, or for, SEAI and other Public Authorities. Only environmental information may be requested under the AIE Regulations, for advice on how to make other information requests, please refer to our Freedom of Information webpage
What is Environmental Information?
The AIE Regulations provide us with a definition for “environmental information”. It means any information in written, visual, aural, electronic or any other material form on –
(a) the state of the elements of the environment, such as air and atmosphere, water, soil, land, landscape and natural sites including wetlands, coastal and marine areas, biological diversity and its components, including genetically modified organisms and the interaction among these elements;
(b) factors, such as substances, energy, noise, radiation or waste, including radioactive waste, emissions, discharges and other releases into the environment, affecting or likely to affect the elements of the environment;
(c) measures (including administrative measures), such as policies, legislation, plans, programmes, environmental agreements, and activities affecting or likely to affect the elements and factors referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) as well as measures or activities designed to protect those elements;
(d) reports on the implementation of environmental legislation;
(e) cost-benefit and other economic analyses and assumptions used within the framework of the measures and activities referred to in paragraph (c); and
(f) the state of human health and safety, including the contamination of the food chain, where relevant, conditions of human life, cultural sites and built structures inasmuch as they are, or may be, affected by the state of the elements of the environment referred to in paragraph (a) or, through those elements, by any of the matters referred to in paragraphs (b) and (c).
What information is not available under the AIE Regulations?
The AIE Regulations do not apply to Environmental Information that is required to be made available under any other statutory provision.
Information that does not come within the scope of the definition of Environmental Information, and which is not already publicly available, can be requested under the Freedom of Information Acts.
How to make an AIE request to SEAI:
A request to SEAI for environmental information should be made in electronic form by e-mail to aie@seai.ie or in writing by post to:
AIE Officer
SEAI
Wilton Park House
Wilton Place
Dublin 2
A request for environmental information shall:
(a) be made in writing or electronic form,
(b) state that the request is made under the AIE Regulations,
(c) state your name, address and any other relevant contact details,
(d) state, in terms that are as specific as possible, the environmental information that is the subject of your request, and
(e) if you require access to environmental information in a particular form or manner, specific the form or manner of access desired.
You are not required to state your interest in making the request.
There is no initial fee required when lodging a request for information under the AIE Regulations.
Where the information is held by a public authority other than SEAI we will either refer your request directly to the appropriate Public Authority or advise the you of the appropriate Public Authority to whom the request should be directed. The SEAI will inform you of this without delay.
Decision on a Request
SEAI will acknowledge your request within two weeks of receiving it, and generally make a decision on the request within one month, or two months in certain cases. If SEAI does not respond within one month the decision is deemed to have been refused and you can proceed to the review stage.
A decision on your request may be to grant, part grant or refuse the information requested. The AIE Regulations set out mandatory and discretionary grounds which SEAI may apply for refusing to grant you information. Where the SEAI refuses to grant you access to environmental information, we will specify in writing the reasons for this refusal.
Right of Review
If you are not satisfied with the decision on your AIE request, you may seek an ‘internal review’ of the decision from SEAI.
SEAI shall designate a person unconnected with the original decision whose rank is the same as, or higher than, that of the original decision-maker to review the decision. No fee will be charged for the internal review process. The review must be completed by SEAI within one month of receiving the request for an internal review.
Applications for review of a decision on a request must be made within one month, and should be addressed to:
AIE Officer
SEAI
Wilton Park House
Wilton Place
Dublin 2
Email: aie@seai.ie
Right of Appeal
If you are still unhappy with the decision, you have the right to appeal the decision to the Commissioner for Environmental Information. Your request for appeal must be made within one month of the date that notification of the internal review decision has been, or was required to be, notified to you.
The Office of the Information Commissioner
18 Lr. Leeson Street
Dublin 2|
Email: info@oic.gov.ie
Website: https://www.oic.ie/
Is there a charge for making an AIE request?
SEAI does not charge a fee for AIE requests or internal reviews of decisions. However, fees may be charged for the cost of supplying the information, including the staff costs associated with compiling, copying, printing and posting of the information. The charges will only relate to the supply of the information. If any charges apply, this will be notified in the acknowledgment letter.
