From Encyclopedia of MathematicsThese wiki pages are based on the articles of the Encyclopedia of Mathematics, whose original versions are Copyright Springer Verlag. They have been opened to the public for updating and amendments. 

All changes of existing articles and all new articles are under the  CC Attribution Share-Alike License.


Google Analytics
Our Website uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., of Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S.A. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", small files that are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of your use of the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (such as when you visited the Website, the referrer URL, details on the configuration of your operating system, your browser and your access provider) are generally transmitted to, and stored on, a server of Google located in the U.S.A. As we are using Google Analytics’ "_anonymizeIp()" function, your IP address will be shortened within members states of the European Union or in other states of the European Economic Area. It is only in exceptional circumstances that your IP address is transmitted to the U.S.A. and shortened there. Google will use the information on our behalf to analyze your use of the Website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide us with additional services related to the use of the Website as well as Internet use. The (shortened) IP address collected within the framework of Google Analytics will not be combined with other Google data. 
You can use your browser settings to prevent the acceptance and storage of new cookies. Should you specifically disagree with the analysis of your use of the Website through Google Analytics you can also deactivate Google Analytics and thus declare your objection to the collection and processing of the respective data. To do this, please download and install the browser plugin that Google provides for this purpose. The plugin is available at 
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

Once the plugin has been installed, it will prevent the recollection of the data related to your use of the Website that has been generated by the cookie (including your IP address). You will find further information on Google and Google Analytics at http://www.google.com, and Google’s Privacy Policy at http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ or http://www.google.com/intl/de/privacypolicy.html#information.

Cookies
We use so-called cookies or other instruments to analyze the usage of our website. Cookies are small files which are stored on your hard drive and which provide us with specific information. This information above all includes the IP address, your browser type, the URL click stream (the chronological order of our web pages you visited), the date and the time of your visit to our website as well as the cookie number.
Firstly, using cookies and similar instruments makes it possible to recognize you whenever you as a user access our web pages again after the expiration of a session. Cookies also allow us to ideally adapt our products and services to your individual needs. Lastly, we use cookies to statistically record how often our web pages are viewed as well as the general navigation in order to create encoded usage profiles.

How to Cite This Entry: Privacy policy. Encyclopedia of Mathematics. URL: http://www.encyclopediaofmath.org/index.php?title=Privacy_policy&oldid=43133