
Privacy policy
Data protection provisions
T.M.Lewin attaches much value to the protection of  your personal data and creates, processes and uses your personal data exclusively in accordance with the principles referred to below and whilst obeying the applicable data protection laws.
Your personal data
Personal data includes all information that relates to a particular or identifiable person. This includes among other things your name, your telephone number as well as your postal address and email address. Your data will be collected and stored in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Your data is created for the process referred to below
T.M.Lewin creates processes and uses your personal data only in connection with the institution and the management of a customer account as well as for the provision of the services offered in connection with the customer account. Other than that T.M.Lewin creates, processes and uses your personal data only in so far as you have given your permission for that.
We use the information with regard to your person as follows:

In order to make sure that the contents of the websites are represented in the way that is most effective for you and your computer
In order to provide you with information, products and services that you have either asked us to provide you with or in respect of which we believe that they might be of interest to you, in so far as you have declared to agree to being contacted for such purposes
In order to fulfil our obligations in connection with agreements that have been created between you and us
In order to draw your attention to changes in our service provision portfolio, in so far as you have declared to agree to being contacted for such purposes
In order to advertise to you on 3rd party websites

Protection of your data
In order to protect your personal data we always use the most up-to-date security technologies, in particular the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Technology.
Your T.M.Lewin customer account
On our website you are offered an opportunity to create a personal customer account for the Online Store. You can use your customer account to store your personal information and you can use that information to make shopping in the Online Store easy and convenient. In addition T.M.Lewin offers you a particular convenience function, like for instance an overview of your purchasing history.
The customer account is managed by T.M.Lewin. To set up your personal customer account T.M.Lewin needs your forename and surname, your email address as well as a password to be chosen by you. The email address you give us will at the same time serve as log-in ID for the customer account.
In the personal area of your customer account you can at any time update your personal data.
The use of logistics providers and other service providers
For the dispatch of your order T.M.Lewin makes your personal data available to logistics providers, who process these data for the order of T.M.Lewin and in compliance with these data protection provisions as well as the necessary security measures.
Newsletter, subscription, customer surveys
At regular intervals T.M.Lewin sends newsletters to registered interested parties. In so far as you have registered for a T.M.Lewin Newsletter, T.M.Lewin creates and processes your personal data exclusively for the dispatch of the newsletter concerned. Your data will be deleted immediately when you terminate the newsletter subscription concerned. You can at any time cancel your subscription via the link contained in the newsletter.
Amendments
T.M.Lewin reserves the right to amend these data protection provisions from time to time.
Contact
Questions, remarks and suggestions in respect of these data protection guidelines are always welcome and should be addressed to customer.services@tmlewin.co.uk

