Electronic Arts Inc.Privacy and Cookie PolicyLast Updated: August 31, 2018 Effective Date: October 1, 2018Your privacy is important to us, and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. This policy describes what information EA collects when you use the mobile, online and downloadable products and services offered by EA and its subsidiaries and/or attend live events hosted by or in connection with EA (""). For a list of our subsidiaries, visit https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/712515/000071251518000024/ex-211subsidiariesofthereg.htmTABLE OF CONTENTS 1. Information We Collect The information we collect depends on what products you use and how you use them. Please see below for more details. A. Information You Give Us Directly We collect information you provide us, including:

Your EA Account information, including email address, username, country, date of birth, telephone number and password;
Security questions and answers;
Details you provide in response to surveys about our products;
Information you provide when seeking help from us such as your name, telephone number and records of the issues you experience; and
Billing information, such as your name, payment card number and payment account details;

When you participate in social features (such as chat), the information that you disclose may become publically available. It also may be read, copied, collected or used by other users. Please make sure your privacy settings reflect your preferences. When you participate in online multiplayer games, your in-game profile information, gameplay, and statistics are visible to all. In competitive game modes, such as FUT Champions, we may record your gameplay, and your controller button inputs, and replay these together with your in-game profile information and game statistics to other players in-game and at live EA/partner events. B. Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Products We collect other information automatically when you use our products, including:

IP address;
Mobile and other hardware or device identifiers;
Browser information, including your browser type and the language you prefer;
Referring and exit pages, including landing pages and pages viewed;
Platform type;
Information about your device, hardware and software, such as your hardware settings and components, EA software and updates you have installed or use, and presence of required plug ins;
Details about what EA products you use and your use of them; and
Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URL's and system activity details (e.g. whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access).

We also may collect and store information locally on your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches. C. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties PlayStation®3 & PlayStation®4 Computer Entertainment Systems. By signing up to play our products on a PlayStation®3 or PlayStation®4 computer entertainment system, you agree your Sony Entertainment Network account information will be provided to EA so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA Account to play EA's products online. From Sony, we receive information including your name, email address, Online ID, your country, state or province, language and date of birth. We do not receive your credit card number or other financial information. Xbox Live. By signing up to play our products on Microsoft's Xbox Live Service, you agree that Microsoft may provide us with your Microsoft user account information so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA Account to play EA's products online. From Microsoft, we receive information including your Gamertag, email address, state or province, country, language and age. We do not receive your credit card number or other financial information. Wii / Wii U. By signing up to play our products on a Nintendo Wii or Wii U console, you agree that Nintendo may provide us with your Nintendo user account information so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA Account to play EA's products online. From Nintendo, the data we receive includes your Mii information, email address, Nintendo Network ID, friend list, country, language and date of birth. We do not receive your credit card number or other financial information. Nintendo Switch™. By signing up to play our products on a Nintendo Switch™ console, you agree that Nintendo may provide us with your Nintendo Account information so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA Account to play EA's products online. From Nintendo, the data we receive includes your nickname, email address, friend list, country, language and date of birth. We do not receive your credit card number or other financial information. Mobile Platforms. If you play or purchase our games on your mobile device and/or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other mobile platform providers. This information includes your username and/or device ID and the fact that you made a purchase, for instance, but does not include any sensitive or financial information. Some of our mobile platforms also may send information to us that you authorize them to provide. Our mobile products also may request additional personal information from you, such as push notification tokens, your precise location or contact list, and we will collect this information only if you give us your explicit consent. Other Third Parties We may receive information from third parties, like Facebook or Game Center, when you use these services in connection with our products. We may also receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists with us. We also may receive information from third parties to supplement the information we receive from you. We use information from these companies primarily to help us deliver relevant advertising to you. A list of these types of third parties can be found on privacyappendix.ea.com . We also may use information from third parties, for instance, to help us understand your approximate geolocation via your IP address for tax purposes, or to customize certain services to your location, and for fraud and/or abuse prevention purposes. D. Legal Basis for Processing If you are a resident of the European Union, we rely on a number of legal grounds to process information about you. For example, we will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example, we rely on our legitimate interests to serve targeted marketing and on contractual necessity to process information when you create an EA Account. To learn more about the legal grounds on which we rely to process your information for any particular purpose, please contact us via the options in Section 11 below.  2. How We Collect Information We collect some information from you when you provide it to us directly, such as via an online form or when you talk with our customer experience team. We and third parties also use certain technologies described below to collect information to deliver excellent experiences. A. Cookies and Similar Technologies Cookies are small text files stored on your Internet browser. We use cookies and similar technologies to help us understand things like what web pages, features or ads you view and what games you play. This information helps us keep track of your shopping cart, measure the effectiveness of our advertising, make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly and otherwise help enhance your user experience. You can disable cookies, limit the types of cookies you allow, or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please refer to guidance provided by your individual web browser if you'd like help in managing your cookie preferences. We use other technologies for similar purposes as a cookie. We use pixels or clear GIFs to collect information about your use of our products and your response to our marketing emails. We use Internet log files (which contain technical data such as your IP address) to monitor traffic on our products, troubleshoot technical problems, detect and prevent fraud and enforce our User Agreement. Other examples include HTML 5 cookies, Silverlight Application Storage, device fingerprints and "flash cookies." If you want to remove flash cookies or prevent them from being placed, adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/ . We currently do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. We may adopt a DNT standard if one is established. In the meantime, you may opt out of certain types of tracking, including certain analytics and tailored advertising by changing your cookie settings. We also use Analytics, Advertising, Anti-Cheat and Anti-Fraud technologies in our products that utilize the same cookies and similar mechanisms. These technologies are described below. B. Analytics Technologies We use our own game servers and internal and third party analytic technologies to collect information about how you use our products, your computer or device and the health of our products. For instance, EA may collect and store data from your computer or device when you use our products. This information includes technical and related information about your computer or device and operating system (such as IP Address and device ID), information about your feature usage, gameplay and usage statistics, system interactions and peripheral hardware for purposes described in section 3, below. If you play a game offline, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to EA when your device connects to the Internet. If you participate in online services, EA also may collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display your persona and/or statistical data regarding your game play (including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players. Third party analytics services integrated into our products may combine the information they collect in connection with EA's services with information they have independently collected over time and across different websites. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. A list of third party analytics companies that operate in our products as well as how to opt out to the extent applicable can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com  C. Ad Serving Technologies Some of our products employ ad serving technologies that use cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other similar technologies like identifiers to deliver offers to you. Some of these technologies can sync or connect behavior across different websites, mobile apps and devices. The ads can be tailored to your interests. For instance, you may be presented with an offer for a game we think you might enjoy. Or if you express interest in a game, you might receive an advertisement later for that game or similar products on EA or third party sites. Other in-game advertising technologies enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded to your game, web browser, or mobile device and later replaced while you are online. These technologies collect and use information so we can serve appropriate advertising to you and help track results and measure effectiveness. In addition to identifiers, this information includes:By signing up to play our products on a PlayStation®3 or PlayStation®4 computer entertainment system, you agree your Sony Entertainment Network account information will be provided to EA so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA Account to play EA's products online. From Sony, we receive information including your name, email address, Online ID, your country, state or province, language and date of birth. We do not receive your credit card number or other financial information.By signing up to play our products on Microsoft's Xbox Live Service, you agree that Microsoft may provide us with your Microsoft user account information so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA Account to play EA's products online. From Microsoft, we receive information including your Gamertag, email address, state or province, country, language and age. We do not receive your credit card number or other financial information.By signing up to play our products on a Nintendo Wii or Wii U console, you agree that Nintendo may provide us with your Nintendo user account information so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA Account to play EA's products online. From Nintendo, the data we receive includes your Mii information, email address, Nintendo Network ID, friend list, country, language and date of birth. We do not receive your credit card number or other financial information.By signing up to play our products on a Nintendo Switch™ console, you agree that Nintendo may provide us with your Nintendo Account information so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA Account to play EA's products online. From Nintendo, the data we receive includes your nickname, email address, friend list, country, language and date of birth. We do not receive your credit card number or other financial information.If you play or purchase our games on your mobile device and/or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other mobile platform providers. This information includes your username and/or device ID and the fact that you made a purchase, for instance, but does not include any sensitive or financial information. Some of our mobile platforms also may send information to us that you authorize them to provide. Our mobile products also may request additional personal information from you, such as push notification tokens, your precise location or contact list, and we will collect this information only if you give us your explicit consent.