
Alumni Privacy Statement

Alumni Privacy Statement
Massey University (the “University”) collects and maintains personal information about alumni when they give it to the University typically online or via email for example, when they update their details, connect with the University on social media, register to attend alumni events or respond to online surveys. The University may also collect information from publicly available sources or other third party sources.
Alumni will be advised if the provision of their personal information is voluntary or mandatory, and where the collection of personal information about alumni from a third party falls outside the scope of information the University is permitted to collect without consent under the Privacy Act 1993, and other laws, or regulations, the individual’s consent will be obtained prior to the collection of such information.
If an individual chooses not to provide the information requested, or to consent to the collection from a third party, it may limit the opportunities, benefits and assistance available to them.
Information will be stored on University files and database(s) or those of its service providers and all reasonable security measures will be maintained. Where a service provider is located outside of New Zealand, personal information held by the University may be transferred outside of New Zealand.
The main purpose for the University’s collection of alumni personal information is to connect alumni with the University and other alumni. More specifically, these purposes include:

Corresponding with alumni;
Informing alumni of and providing alumni and friends benefits;
Informing alumni of opportunities to engage with and support the University;
Conducting benchmarking, analyses, quality assurance, and planning to improve alumni services;
Providing associated services such as security, parking, and ensuring the health and safety of those attending events;
Complying with any legislative reporting or recordkeeping requirements; and
Purposes relevant to normal university functions and activities or as otherwise permitted or required by the Privacy Act 1993.

Further details about how alumni information may be used by the University may also be available on the website or form requesting the provision of such information from the alumni member.
In order to conduct its proper functions and activities and as required under the applicable laws, regulations, and contractual agreements by which it is bound, the University may disclose the alumni personal information it holds to the following types of organisations or individuals:

Entities owned or related to the University;
Contracted service providers which the University uses to perform services on its behalf (such as recruitment, banks, mailing houses, research and logistics and IT service providers);
In the event of an emergency, police, medical or hospital personnel, civil emergency services, your legal representative, or other person assessed as necessary to respond to the emergency.
The University’s legal advisors or other professional advisors and consultants engaged by the University;
Other agencies where permitted or required in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993 or other legislation.

The University will make information held about an alumni member available to them upon request and in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993, which also describes the conditions under which information may be withheld. Alumni members have the right to request correction of personal information held in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1993.
If an alumni member wishes to seek access to their personal information, or inquire about the handling of their personal information, contact the Privacy Officer by email at privacy.officer@massey.ac.nz
This privacy statement applies to personal information collected by any method (including hardcopy, electronic or verbal means).
