
User Choices
If you only want to opt out from your current browser uncheck the box.If you do not want to receive ads displayed by Criteo, on your current browser and browsers we have linked to your technical identifier you can disable the display of Criteo ads here.Your options to disable the display of Criteo advertisements.
Please note: that each environment is separate. If you do not want to receive Criteo ads whatever device, browser or environment used you must disable our services for both the online web and mobile app environments.
Online web environment: (desktop, tablet, and smartphone browsers)
Please note: when you opt out as instructed in this section, a cookie will be set on your browser. We must maintain the cookie on your browser in order to recognize you as having opted out from our service. You must opt out again if you clear that cookie from your browser, use a different internet browser, or use a new computer to access the internet.
Please note that this procedure will only block ads that are displayed by Criteo. If you chose to opt out linked browsers, please note :

that your opt-out on these linked browsers will be effective as soon as we see you again on these browsers if this happens within 6 weeks ;
and that you may nonetheless continue to have cookies on other unlinked browsers and see ads displayed by Criteo on these browsers.

You can also opt out of Criteo’s service by visiting the following links. Please note that these platforms allow you to opt out of interest-based advertising delivered by registered members on the current browser you are using.
For US:
For EU:
You may also want to use browser settings to modify your preferences. At Criteo our goal is to offer a harmonized online experience whatever browser you use. Most browsers accept our cookies by default but in certain cases, like Safari, our cookies are blocked by default by the browser settings (and potentially without your knowledge). In these situations we will inform you before we drop our cookies so that you can tell us either that you want to experience our ads, or opt-out of our services by using the Criteo opt-out. In cases where you interact with our service and want to experience our personalized ads your browser settings may nonetheless be configured to block certain third party cookies. In this situation, the most efficient way to disable our ads in for these browsers is by using our Opt-out.
As described above, we elected to provide mechanisms of choice through our proprietary opt out and through industry platforms and do not respond to web browser do not track signals.
Other environments (Mobile applications)
Please note: to opt-out from advertising served by Criteo in mobile applications, you must be browsing in applications.
If you no longer want to be exposed to Criteo personalized banners in the mobile application environment, you can opt out simply by clicking on the opt-out button accessible through the ad choices icons integrated in all our banners. (see complementary options for iOS and Android here under)
Please note that this procedure will only block ads that are displayed by Criteo. If you want to disable more services, please refer to your operating system settings, or follow instructions below. Your opt-out will be stored server side linked to your device ID.
Android Users (version 2.3 and above)
To use the “opt-out of interest-based advertising” option, follow the instructions provided by Google here: Google Play Help. If you don’t have the Google Play Services installed on your device, you won’t receive Criteo services.
Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for Criteo
iOS users (version 6 and above)
To use the “Limit Ad-Tracking” option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here: Apple Support Center
Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for Criteo
Other Platforms
Criteo services only work with iOS (version 6 and above), so we do not provide interest-based ads on other platforms.
Facebook
When you opt-out of our services, we will immediately stop showing ads on the Criteo network. However, as Facebook is a different environment, it may take up to 5 weeks to take your request into account.
In order to stop displaying our ads on your Facebook account, please manage your Facebook settings by clicking here: Facebook Settings
