
We collect browsing information
Data collected on Criteo network
To serve relevant ads, we have to be able to single out patterns but we never willingly store data that would allow identification of a person (such as name, surname, phone number, address, etc.). We collect data related to your browsing activity through cookies or advertising IDs that record:

events related to your activity on our advertising partner’s website (such as the number of pages viewed, the products you viewed on that website, your searches made on the partner’s website)
information related to your device (device type, operating system, version)
and events related to the Criteo ad serving activity such as the number of ads displayed to you.

We also collect technical user identifiers from our advertising partners for the purpose of linking the different browsers and mobile apps you use and serve you relevant ads based on your behaviour across environments (“ID syncing”). For that purpose we process and store:

Technical IDs of our advertising partners, and/or a hashed version of your CRM ID or of your email address – we use a double hashing method based on state-of-the art technologies to ensure the non-reversibility of your information. A hash of your email corresponds to a series of characters that does not permit your identification. For example, a hash of name@mail.com would be 98307a5ba02fa1072b8792f743bd8b5151360556b8e5a6120fa9a04ae02c88c0. 
Mobile advertising IDs (such as Apple IDFA or Google AAID) which are specific technical data created by mobile manufacturers to allow personalization and customer analytics in a secure and non-identifying way for users.

We also gather certain information automatically. This information may include full or truncated Internet protocol (IP) addresses*, browser type, referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends and optimize our services.
Data collected from trusted partners
We can collect technical identifiers from third parties for the purpose of improving our ID syncing and offering you a seamless online experience. These trusted partners commit to only sharing ID syncing information that allows us to link users’ cookies and/or mobile identifiers and to provide an efficient choice mechanism to end-users (opt-out). 
For example, the linking information sourced from our partners could be Cookie ID ABC = Apple IDFA 123 = MD5 hashed value. Our partners may use probabilistic or deterministic methods but in all cases please note that besides the ID syncing information, no other data (whether personally identifying information or non-personal identifying information) that could be collected by our partners in the course of their services are shared with us. Moreover, we require that all our partners provide users with a simple way to opt out from the collection and use of their data.
We do not collect any identifying information
We do not know who you are. We do not know your address, your place of work, your date of birth, your email address, your phone number. We do not use or store full IP address for targeting purposes.*
We do not collect hardware-based identifiers such as UDID or MAC Address.
We do not collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health…).
We do not create segments to specifically target children under 16 years old.
We do not process any information which could be used by Criteo, directly or indirectly, to determine the personal identity of users.
We collect information in order to increase the relevancy of the ads being displayed to you. The data we collect is also used for reporting purposes, to give our clients and partners more information about the performance of their advertising campaigns, and to improve performance over time.
We may share aggregated data
We may share aggregated data on the performance of our customers’ campaigns with our subsidiaries or affiliated companies, and we may share aggregated data with our partners.  Aggregated data does not permit identification of a partner and does not permit you to be directly identified. We share non-aggregated data only upon approval of our partners and in compliance with our commercial agreements.  Non-aggregated data may be stored by third parties such as data-centers and hosting providers who provide their services on our behalf.  These companies are authorized to use the information we provide only as necessary to provide these services to us.  
We partner with Ad exchanges platforms to buy ad placements through auctions. Before the auction we link our ID with the ad exchange platform and then participate to the auction by sending the bid price and the banner code to display.
*In compliance with the best industry standards, we only use full IP addresses: 

For fraud detection purposes (and not for targeting purposes) to help alert us to situations which could not have been caused by human behavior, such as a massive amount of clicking in a limited period of time; or
To extract geographical information.

 
We do not know who you are. We do not know your address, your place of work, your date of birth, your email address, your phone number. We do not use or store full IP address for targeting purposes.*
We do not collect hardware-based identifiers such as UDID or MAC Address.
We do not collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health…).
We do not create segments to specifically target children under 16 years old.
We do not process any information which could be used by Criteo, directly or indirectly, to determine the personal identity of users.
We collect information in order to increase the relevancy of the ads being displayed to you. The data we collect is also used for reporting purposes, to give our clients and partners more information about the performance of their advertising campaigns, and to improve performance over time.

