
Fordham University is committed to protecting your privacy. Information you provide to us through a Fordham University website such as email address, name, or phone number will not be sold or traded to other outside organizations. Fordham University may use this information to inform you of changes to our websites or to provide you other relevant news and information. At your request, Fordham University will remove any contact information you provided from its files.
Information gathered automatically
Unless you take steps to browse the Internet anonymously, Fordham University, like most institutions and organizations, tracks web browsing patterns to evaluate how our sites are being used. This information is collected through the use of "cookies," or other web tracking tools, which are text files placed on your computer. You may set your browser to prevent the use of cookies; however, doing so may prevent you from using certain functions of our websites. The generic information we collect is based on IP address, which is the location of a computer or network, and is not linked to your specific email address in any of the reports or other material compiled by Fordham University. Fordham University does use server logs to collect information concerning the Internet connection and general information about visits to our websites. This data may be acquired, recorded and analyzed for the purposes of improving the content of the website, analyzing trends, investigating security concerns, and identifying system performance or problem areas. Fordham University will not associate your IP address and web usage data with any other information held by Fordham University that can specifically identify you unless required to do so by law.
Fordham University may, from time to time, use web analytical services such as the service currently provided to the University by Google, Inc. Google Analytics and other similar services use cookies to help us analyze how users use our sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website includes your IP address, and this information will be transmitted to and stored by the services. This information is used for the purpose of evaluating your use of Fordham’s websites, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to Internet usage. It may also be shared with third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Fordham will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google and other similar services. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you in this manner and for the purposes set out above.
Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics' terms of use and Google's privacy practices.
Information you provide to us
To communicate with visitors to our website, we may ask you for information that can include your name, email address or phone number. Fordham University will not sell or trade such information to other outside organizations unless one or more of the following conditions apply:

We have your consent to share the information.
We are sharing such information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirement or processes.
From time to time, we are share alumni email addresses with service providers acting on our behalf who have agreed to protect the confidentiality of the data.

External links
Fordham University websites may have links to many other organizations. You are subject to that site's Privacy Policy when you leave this site. Reference in this website to any specific service, company, or organization does not constitute its endorsement or recommendation by Fordham University. Fordham University is not responsible for the contents or security practices of any "off-site" Web page referenced from our fordham.edu domain.
Changes to this policy
The University reserves the right to amend this privacy policy at any time without notice. This statement is provided as a service to users and should not be construed as a contract or legal advice. When changes are made to this policy, the last change will be tracked in the Revision history section, which is the last section of this document.
Revision history
This is the initial policy document.

