
When you register with BambooHR, information is needed such as your name, company name, business address, and contact telephone number and email address. A billing address and credit card information is also required if you have chosen a paid account.
BambooHR uses collected information for purposes such as processing and fulfilling your order, billing, service improvement, research, and other general purposes.
BambooHR will not make collected information available to any other parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell, rent, exchange or share your personal information with any third-parties without permission from you.

BambooHR will share the collected information in order to respond to investigation, court orders, legal process, or to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of BambooHR's terms of service, or as otherwise required by law.
If BambooHR is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.


All of your data remains private and confidential. The security of your personal information is important to us.  When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, however, is 100% secure.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, please contact us.
BambooHR and its representatives will never request your account credentials.  You should never share your BambooHR account information with anyone else, including your username and password. We recommend that you use a unique password for your BambooHR account that is not associated with other websites.  You should check your BambooHR account regularly to ensure that your personal information has not been tampered with or altered.
Any suspicious activity regarding your account, including automated messages or calls from parties you cannot identify, should be reported to your site administrator and BambooHR at contact us.

BambooHR will send a welcome email, and email account holders for billing purposes, and at times will send BambooHR service-related announcements. You cannot opt out of service related emails as this is part of your service. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you.  You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each of these emails, or you can contact us.
If your personal information changes, you may correct, update, amend, or delete/remove it by making the change on our member information page, our contact us page, by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.  If you no longer desire our service, you may deactivate it by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
BambooHR uses a technology called "cookies" to store session information. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.  A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.  We use Session Cookies to track your Login status. This cookie is only ever transmitted over HTTPS. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We use Persistent Cookies to determine from where you were referred to our site, as well as the last user ID that you logged in as. BambooHR may set and access BambooHR cookies on your computer; cookies are required to use the BambooHR service. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" directory. Click here for information on cookies. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.
The use of cookies by our partners and affiliates is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners and affiliates use session ID and persistent cookies to better gauge our customer's interest in our products.
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.  IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to better gauge our customers' needs and provide specific information to best serve them.
We partner with a third party ad network to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking preferences-mgr.truste.com.
We use Google AdSense to publish ads on this site.  When you view or click on an ad a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements that may be of interest to you on this and other Web sites.   You may opt-out of the use of this cookie by visiting Google’s Advertising and Privacy page: www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of BambooHR. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements.  With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.  If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us.
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
BambooHR may update this Privacy Policy, and will notify account holders of significant changes in the way we treat any personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your BambooHR account. We may also place a prominent notice on our site. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
For questions related to this Privacy Policy, contact privacy@bamboohr.com or at:
Bamboo HR LLC
						333 South 520 West
						Suite 200
						Lindon, UT 84042-1911
						USA
Toll Free: 1-866-387-9595
						Phone: 801-724-6600

BambooHR collects information under the direction of its Clients, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. 
We collect information for our clients. If you are an employee of one of our Clients and would no longer like to be involved with one of our Clients that use our service, please contact the Client that you interact with directly.
BambooHR may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the provisions in this Policy regarding notice and choice and the service agreements with our Clients.
BambooHR has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the BambooHR’s Client (the data controller). The Client is able to remove the data without BambooHR’s involvement. However, if the Client requests BambooHR to remove the data, we will respond to their request within 30 business days.
BambooHR will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client. BambooHR will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
