
This page tells you everything you need to know about How Accenture protects your personal data and what your rights  are in relation to your personal data:
You will also find further information on this page about:
Your Website Data
Your Cookie Data (and other tracking technologies)
Your Marketing Data
Your Online Recruitment Data
If you have any questions concerning data privacy or you want to let us know about website/marketing permissions, please see how to Contact Us below.


Any changes we may make in the future to “How Accenture protects your personal data” or the statements you see here will be posted on this page.


This privacy statement is effective September 16, 2014
How Accenture protects your personal data


Accenture protects your personal data through its "Binding Corporate Rules" or "BCR". These consist of:


Data Privacy Policy 90 - a global data privacy policy that sets out the safeguards that apply across Accenture regardless of where we process your data


Data Privacy Procedures - such as how we should handle access requests or complaints and 


Intercompany Agreement - an agreement to make Accenture’s Data Privacy Policy 90 and Data Privacy Procedures binding on all the participating Accenture group entities


Together, these ensure that appropriate data privacy safeguards are in place across our organization. Our BCR reflect the standards contained in European data privacy laws and have been approved by data privacy regulators in Europe (the European Economic Area and Switzerland).

Having BCR means that all our group entities that sign up to our BCR have to comply with the same internal rules. It also means that your rights stay the same no matter where your data are processed by Accenture (see Your Rights below). 

If you would like a full copy of our BCR please Contact Us.

Accenture’s Data Privacy Policy 90

The following section summarises Accenture’s Data Privacy Policy 90. If you would like a full copy of the policy please Contact Us.

What personal data do we collect?
Will we share your personal data with outside parties?
What about sensitive personal data?
What about data security?
Where will your personal data be processed?
Retention of your data

Your rights
Questions and Complaints 

What personal data do we collect?
We collect personal data of our workers, candidates, suppliers, business contacts and website users.


We will always try to give individuals appropriate notice of what data will be collected and how it will be used. Whatever happens, we will only process that data if we consider it fair and lawful to do so.
Will we share your personal data with outside parties?
We will not sell personal data to third parties. We may transfer personal data to our contracted service providers and advisors who may be located in other countries. Before we do so, we take steps to ensure that your personal data will be given adequate protection as required by relevant data protection laws and Accenture’s internal policies.

However, there will be other times when we need to share or disclose personal data you provide for a specific purpose, for example:


In the case of an event where we need to provide our caterer with meal preference information or we are running a joint event and have informed you that the data will be shared with our partners. But again, we will notify you as to why we are asking for specific information and it is completely up to you whether you want to provide it;


We may need to disclose your personal data to third parties in the event that we sell or liquidate any part of our business or assets;


We will disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply our Terms of Use; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Accenture, our clients, or others.


What about sensitive personal data?
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data through this site or otherwise. In the limited cases where we do seek to collect such data, we will do this in accordance with local data privacy law requirements. If you choose to provide us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data, subject to applicable law as described in this privacy policy. The term "sensitive personal data" refers to the various categories of personal data identified by European and other data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, including in some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent. These categories may include personal identity numbers, financial account information, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious, philosophical or other similar beliefs, membership of a trade union or profession or trade association, physical or mental health, biometric or genetic data, sexual life, or criminal record (including information about suspected criminal activities).
What about data security?
We take appropriate steps to maintain the security of personal data collected. Regarding your use of our websites you should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that information and personal data may flow over networks connecting you to our systems without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the sites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these sites, please note that these sites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or sites. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these sites.
Where will your personal data be processed?

As a global organization with global IT systems, personal data we collect may be routed, stored, or transferred internationally throughout Accenture's worldwide organization in accordance with our Binding Corporate Rules.
Retention of your data
We will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary. If you have an account with us, we will only keep the data whilst your account is active or for as long as needed to provide services to you and, as further needed for us to comply with our global legal and contractual obligations.
Your rights
You are entitled to know whether we hold personal data about you and, if we do, to have access to that personal data and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate. We generally do not make decisions by purely automatic means, but if we do, you have the right to object.

You can Contact Us to exercise any of your rights or obtain a copy of Accenture’s BCR.

If your data was originally collected in Europe (the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland) and it is transferred from an Accenture entity within Europe to an Accenture entity outside Europe you have the following additional rights under the BCR:


to make complaints to, obtain appropriate redress and, where appropriate, receive compensation from the Accenture entity within Europe that originally obtained and processed your personal data, in respect of any damage suffered by you as a result of a breach of the Privacy Policy by any other Accenture entity to which the personal information may have been transferred under the BCR;


to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection authority and/ or to take action through a court to enforce compliance by Accenture with the terms of the Privacy Policy;


to obtain a copy of the BCR upon request


You have a question or complaint
If you can’t find what you’re looking for here, or have a concern about our use of your personal data, please Contact Us.

