Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected by ASQA.  This document provides a succinct overview of how we handle your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act).
Our complete Privacy Policy (PDF 471kb) is also available. 
Both policies apply from 12 March 2014.
Personal information handling practices
Collection
Generally, personal information is collected in order for ASQA to properly and efficiently carry out our functions. ASQA only collects personal information for purposes that are directly related to our functions or activities under the National Vocational Education and Training Regulator Act 2011 (NVR Act), the Education Services for Overseas Students Act 2000 (ESOS Act), or the Freedom of Information Act 1982 (FOI Act), and only when it is reasonably necessary for or directly related to ASQA’s functions.
ASQA usually collects your personal information directly from you, or your authorised representative.
We sometimes collect personal information from a third party, but only if you have consented to such collection, or would reasonably expect us to collect your personal information in this way.
ASQA may also collect personal information in this way for a specific purpose, such as an investigation, or when an registered training organisation (RTO) is in the process of closing down and ASQA must collect student information to help place affected students with another training provider. In these situations, ASQA will take reasonable steps to ensure you are notified.
Notification
ASQA will take reasonable steps to notify you, or otherwise ensure you are aware of the purpose for which the information is collected, other parties it will be disclosed to, and that ASQA’s privacy policy provides information about how to access and seek correction of that personal information. ASQA will also take reasonable steps to ensure you are aware of how to lodge a complaint about a breach of the Privacy Act.
Use and disclosure
Generally, ASQA will only use personal information for the primary purposes for which it was collected. There are a few exceptions to this, such as when we have told you, or you would reasonably expect, that information is usually used in this secondary way. For example, some personal information provided to ASQA through application forms will be published on the National Register in accordance with section 216 of the NVR Act.
Information may also be shared with state and territory government and other Australian Government authorities and ministers, occupational licensing bodies, overseas authorities, and others in accordance with the information sharing provisions contained in the NVR Act or the provisions of the Privacy Act.
Direct marketing
ASQA will only use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, or disclose your personal information to a third party for direct marketing purpose, where it could be reasonably expected that you would be aware that we would use the information in that way.
Data quality
ASQA will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, up to date and complete.
Data security
ASQA takes steps to protect the personal information we hold against loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure, and against other misuse.
When no longer required, personal information is destroyed in a secure manner, or deleted in accordance with ASQA’s Records Management Policy, in compliance with the General Disposal Authority issued by the National Archives of Australia.
Access and correction
You can request access to your personal information under the Privacy Act or the Freedom of Information Act 1982.
You can also request that ASQA corrects the personal information it holds about you. ASQA won’t charge you for these requests, and will respond within 30 days. ASQA can refuse both access and correction requests in particular situations, however, a statement of reasons will be provided to you if this occurs.
Further information about access and correction is available in the Privacy Policy.
Complaints
If you wish to lodge a complaint about how ASQA handles personal information or if you feel that ASQA has breached the Privacy Act, you can contact ASQA’s Privacy Contact Officer
Privacy Contact Officer
If you have any questions or complaints about privacy, confidentiality or access to your personal information, please write to ASQA's Privacy Contact Officer at the following address:
Privacy Contact Officer Australian Skills Quality Authority GPO Box 9928 MELBOURNE VIC 3001
Alternatively, you can email privacy [at] asqa.gov.au. 
