
Scope
ASQA is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. An overview of how ASQA handles your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act) and the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs), is provided below.
More information can be found in ASQA’s complete Privacy Policy:
Personal information handling practices
Collection
ASQA generally collects personal information from you or your authorised representative to properly and efficiently carry out its functions. ASQA only collects personal information for purposes that are reasonably for, or directly related to, its functions or activities under the National Vocational Education and Training Regulator Act 2011 (NVR Act), the Education Services for Overseas Students Act 2000 (ESOS Act), or the Freedom of Information Act 1982 (FOI Act). ASQA may also collect personal information in relation to employment services, human resource management and other corporate service functions.
Sometimes ASQA collects personal information from a third party, but only if you have consented to such collection, or would reasonably expect us to collect your personal information in this way.
Notification
ASQA will take reasonable steps to notify you, or otherwise ensure you are aware of the purpose for which the personal information is collected, other parties it will be disclosed to, and that ASQA’s privacy policy provides information about how to access and seek correction of that personal information. ASQA will also take reasonable steps to ensure you are aware of how to lodge a complaint about a breach of the Privacy Act
Use and disclosure
Generally, ASQA will only use personal information for the primary purposes for which it was collected. There are a few exceptions to this, such as when we have told you, or you would reasonably expect, that information is usually used in this secondary way. For example, some personal information provided to ASQA through application forms will be published on the National Register in accordance with section 216 of the NVR Act.
Information may also be shared with state and territory government and other Australian Government authorities and ministers, occupational licensing bodies, overseas authorities, and others in accordance with the information sharing provisions contained in the NVR Act, ESOS Act or the provisions of the Privacy Act.
Data quality
ASQA will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, up to date and complete.
Data security
ASQA takes all reasonable steps to protect the personal information it holds against loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure, and against other misuse.
When no longer required, personal information is destroyed and deleted in a secure manner and in accordance with ASQA’s Records Management Policy and the Privacy Act.
Access and correction
You can request access to your personal information under the Privacy Act or the FOI Act. You can also request that ASQA corrects your personal information.
ASQA will not charge you for these requests, and will respond within 30 days.
ASQA can refuse both access and correction requests in particular situations, however, a statement of reasons will be provided to you if this occurs.
Further information about access and correction is available in ASQA’s Privacy Policy.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint in writing with ASQA about how ASQA has handled your personal information, or if you feel ASQA has breached the Privacy Act. ASQA will respond to privacy complaints within 30 days.
Further information about making a privacy complaint is available in ASQA’s Privacy Policy.
Privacy Contact Officer
If you have any questions or complaints about privacy, confidentiality, or access to or correction of your personal information, please write to ASQA's Privacy Contact Officer at the following address:



Email:
privacy [at] asqa.gov.au


Post:

Privacy Contact Officer Australian Skills Quality Authority GPO Box 9928MELBOURNE VIC 3001




Privacy Impact Assessment Register
ASQA will conduct a Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) for all high privacy risk projects. A high privacy risk project is a project that involves or proposes new or changed ways of handling personal information that are likely to have a significant impact on the privacy of individuals. A PIA identifies the potential impact that project might have on privacy and sets out recommendations for managing, minimising or eliminating that impact.
From 1 July 2018, ASQA is required by the APP Code to maintain and publish a register of all PIAs it has conducted. This register is published below and is updated twice yearly.
ASQA’s PIA register lists all PIAs conducted by ASQA from 1 July 2018.



PIA title
Date conducted
Summary
Outcome




--
 
 
 



