
Your privacy is really important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you.
Serpstat let the visitors of its site, serpstat.com, to control their personal data. This Privacy Policy provides information about how Serpstat processes and protects this data.
We never sell personal data and we carry out all processing operations in strict compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) (specifically but not limited to Article 6(1)(b) to (f) and Article 28).
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier (cookies) etc. (the “Personal Data”).
In this policy, "we", "us", “Serpstat ”, “SaaS” and "our" refer to Serpstat Global LTD.
Responsibility for Processing Personal Data.
Serpstat bears responsibility for lawfully processing your data as carried out on our site.
Collection of information from children.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information relating to children. In the event that we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from anyone under 18 years of age without prior parental consent, we will take steps to promptly delete such information. By providing your personal information to Serpstat, through the Service, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age or older.
What kind of Personal Data is processed and for what purpose?
Usage Data
When you visit our site we store the name of your User Agent, browser ID, the website from which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, your Google Analytics/OWOX ClientID and your user ID, your IP address. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better service experience. 
We process this usage data to facilitate your access to our services and to assure its comfortable usage, to improve the quality of the services and develop new ones, to recognize and stop any misuse and for our marketing purposes. We also process usage data in an anonymized form for statistical purposes and to improve our site.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent and our legitimate interests, as monitoring and improving our website and services.
Cookies
Serpstat uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information, user ID of the visitor if he/she is a registered user, details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting our site. This is done to provide you with a better experience, ensuring the security of our website and services, marketing purposes and to facilitate the use of certain functions. Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices by sites for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on our site.
Cookies are stored on your individual device and you have full control over their use. You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time by yourself or by appealing to our support team - support@serpstat.com (we would help you to delete cookies if such deletion is technically possible).
If you visit Serpstat site with cookies deactivated, you may possibly not be able to use all of the functions of our site to the full extent. You will not be able to opt-out of any cookies or other technologies that are “strictly necessary” for the functioning of our website and services.
Contact with us
On our site you have the opportunity to contact us to ask questions, for example via the contact form or via online-chat. We ask you for your contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.), a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue. We use this data in connection with answering the queries we receive. 
If you receive emails from us, we may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when you open our email or click on any links or banners our email contains. This data helps us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns.
On our site it is also possible to request a personalized demo for discovering all features and possibilities of our service., In that case we ask you for your contact information such as name, email, your skype ID or google hangouts ID, your phone number. We use this data in connection with responding to your demo requests. Through the demo you may also share with us your personal information that we may use during the demo and later for the purpose of improving the level of our services and other marketing purposes.
Serpstat Account
When you sign up for Serpstat you need to provide us  with your email address and phone number. In your Serpstat account we may ask you to provide us with information such as your first/last Name, website, your photo, phone number, skype ID, links to your social media accounts. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, identification you as a user, providing our services (e.g. sending reports), ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases, marketing purposes and for communicating with you.
You may manage your Serpstat account as you wish. You may delete it or restrict a processing mode. Following termination of your account (by deletion), we may retain your personal data (in part or in whole) in order to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and in order to be able to address customer service issues. Any other personal data we would have been processing on your behalf would be deleted within 72 hours.
Information we receive from other sources
We receive information about you and your activities on and off the Serpstat from third-party partners, such as advertising and market research partners who provide us with information about your interest in, and engagement with, our Services and online advertisements; or from social medias such as Google Hangouts, Google Plus, Facebook, Twitter etc, if you want to sign-up with your social media accounts or add this info to your Serpstat account.
Serpstat Academy
To educate our users how to use Serpstat more effective, improve your user experience and for analyzing user trends, We provide Serpstat Academy based on AcademyOcean Service. Through the Serpstat Academy form, we collect only your email address to identify you as our user. We may also use cookies on Serpstat Academy pages. To learn more about cookies please read “Cookies” section.  
Serpstat extension
The information we collect is non-identifiable aggregated information. We are not aware of and cannot determine the identity of the users from whom the Non-Personal Information is collected. Non-Personal Information which is collected includes the user's aggregated and technical information transmitted by the user's device as follows: Plugin ID (Not Identified with User ID)Web resources that visit by plugin ID and timestampIn this context, we notably use your information in an effort to improve our users’ experience, to further develop, customize, enhance and improve the performance of our services and extension. In addition, we use Non-Personal Information, aggregated with information or statistics regarding user browsing behavior, such as overall patterns or demographic reports, which do not describe or identify any individual user.
Access and Disclosure to Third Parties
We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers, such as analytical services, payment processors, CRM services and other. These service providers may have access to personal information as needed to perform their functions. Third parties with whom we share your data currently include, but are not limited to, Google, OWOX, Reply, GetResponse. We transfer your billing details to payment systems to process payments. We may process or keep your  payment information such as last four numbers of your card, expiration date and payment system (such as Visa or MasterCard) and transfer it to the payment processing system such as Stripe and PayPal.
These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to keep any information we share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to our instructions.
We may also disclose your data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
We will only pass your data on to third parties without your express consent if we are obliged to do so by statutory law or an instruction by court.
We want to Communicate with You
We may occasionally send you notification emails about updates to our product, legal documents, offer customer support or marketing emails. Except for cases where we are required to do so by law (e.g. notifying you of a data breach) or for providing to you a normal usage of Serpstat service (e.g. service messages for password recovery etc.), you will have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge.
Legal bases for processing
We collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws. The legal bases depend on how you use Serpstat services. This means we collect and use your information only where:
We need it to provide you Serpstat service, including to operate it, provide customer support, demo and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of our service;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote Serpstat and to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
Your rights relating to your data
You have a right to be informed of Personal Data processed by Serpstat, a right to rectification/correction, erasure and restriction of processing. You also have the right to receive from us a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided to us.
We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our users or customers.
You can exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy in your Account and/or by contact with Serpstat’s team: support@serpstat.com. In the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may also contact Serpstat team: support@serpstat.com.
Where you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of the Serpstat Site and/or Services. You further agree that Serpstat shall not be held liable with respect to any loss and/or damage to your Personal Data if you choose to withdraw consent.
Where Personal Data is processed for the above purposes on the basis of Serpstat legitimate interests, under the GDPR, you may object to such processing at any time. To do so please contact:support@serpstat.com.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
Duration of Processing
We will usually store your usage data for a ten years or until such time when you withdraw your consent for us to do so. All other data as specified above will be retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it. We may also retain information as required by law.
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of this Privacy Policy will govern our practices for collecting, processing, and disclosing personal data. We will provide notice of any modifications by posting a written notice on our site.
If you have a Serpstat account, we will notify you of any material modifications by sending you an email to the email address associated with your account unless you have unsubscribed from all email communications. Your use of the site and/or services following the effective date of any modifications to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy, as modified. All changes to this Privacy Policy automatically take effect on the sooner of the day you use the site and/or services, or 30 calendar days after they are initially posted on our site.
Contact Details of Data Controller:
Company: Serpstat Global LTD
Legal Address: Suite 1, Second Floor, Sound&Vision House, Francis Rachel Str., Victoria, Mahe, Seychelles
Contact email address: support@serpstat.com.

Contact Details of EU representative:
Company: Netpeak LTD
Legal Address: Office 2000, 5 Percy Street, London, W1T 1DG, UK
Contact email address: support@serpstat.com.

The date of the last change: May 25, 2018. Review the previous version. 
