epa Privacy Policy
When you visit this site our web server temporarily records the domain name or IP address of the enquiring computer along with the URLs consulted, the access date and duration, the file name and the website from which you are visiting us.
 
Personal data which goes beyond this scope, such as your name, address, telephone number or E-Mail address, is not collected, unless you expressly consent to such disclosures within the framework of a registration, the processing of a contract or participation in a competition.
 
 
Use of Data
We do not pass on your data to third parties either for commercial or non-commercial purposes. The personal data you provide is generally used only for maintaining internal site statistics and for the processing of a customer contract with you and for enquiries.
 
Personal data which you transmit to us is used only for product-related customer satisfaction surveys, invitations to epa-functions, the transmission of our newsletter and for market research purposes. That is unless you maintain business links with epa european pressphoto agency or dissent to the use of personal data in accordance with legal rights.
 
Your data will not passed on third parties without your consent unless it is required for contractual processing.
 
Use of Cookies
As a rule we do not make use on our website of the technology known as "cookies". We do not maintain personal surfer profiles and only make use of cookies – text files which our website sends to your browser and which are then indexed in your computer – in exceptional circumstances. These cookies do not include personal data.
 
We only use cookies to retrieve information for statistical purposes and to know how our website is used which allows us to tailor our website to our customers’ needs. Therefore, this website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. The IP anonymization is activated. Thereby, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
 
Please note that you can download and install a special browser plug-in (available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB) to avoid Google collecting and using your data. Further information on Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Furthermore, we point out that the cookie administration feature of most browsers enable users to enable or disable cookies.
 
Security
epa european pressphoto agency pledges to undertake all the technical and organisational measures necessary in order to safeguard against the loss and/or abuse of your personal data. Such information is stored in a secure environment outside the public access domain. In certain cases your personal data will be encrypted during transmission using Secure Socket Layer-Technology (SSL). This means that communication between your server and our servers, for instance in the case of the transmission of contract containing your business details, will make use of this validated encryption process, provided your browser supports SSL.
 
We are of course happy to supply written details on request of the personal data stored by epa european pressphoto agency, such as your real name and address.
 
 
Links
Links to sites maintained by third parties are intended to enhance the user-friendliness of our website. Unless otherwise denoted these links are external links and epa has no influence whatsoever on their content and design. The above data security guarantees therefore do not apply to these external sites.
 
 
Get in touch
Please contact our data protection officer if you have any questions related to your personal data.
 
Mr. Roman Jäckelepa european pressphoto agency b.v.Am Hauptbahnhof 16 60329 FrankfurtGermany E-Mail: data-protection@epa.eu 