We collect several kinds of information from you, depending on the part of the Site being visited or information you provide to Us on request. For example, We collect personal information from you when you register for a forum or to receive email communications, download products such as drivers, register or validate products with Us, create a user name and password, provide feedback, send email inquiries, upload any content to the Site, including photos, or participate in another part of the Site. The information that We collect is set out on the relevant pages of the Site and may include, for example, your name, email address, photo, postal address, postcode, country of residence, job title, daytime and/or mobile phone number, IP address and information about your workplace and the nature of your business. If you use the Site to apply for jobs at AMD, We will also collect information about your educational background and employment history and We will request your professional resume/CV. In general, you can visit the Site without revealing any information about yourself. However, where the Site requires you to register, if you choose not to register you may not be able to use its features to their fullest extent. For example, you will not be able to participate in forum discussions on the Site.Back to topWe may use the personal information We collect via the Site for any of the following purposes:providing, developing, improving and personalizing Our services and the Site; registering you on the Site;providing you (subject to the Direct Marketing section below) with marketing communications that you have asked to receive;dealing with your inquiries and requests;generating anonymous reports about use of the Site and its features;allowing you to take part in Site features, competitions, campaigns, promotions or surveys;analyzing the data of people who visit our Site to better understand how they interact with the Site to enable Us to understand and improve the Site and our service offerings (including customizing the content of the Site);producing anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop Our or their own products and service offerings;keeping you up to date by sending you Our email communications; andconsidering you for employment if you have provided personal information pursuant to an application for a job with AMD.
	 Back to topWe may use your personal information to provide you with marketing communications, including, but not limited to email communications or information about Our products and services, new launches, promotions and special offers.We may send you such communications by:Email;SMS text message and/or any other form of electronic message;Push notifications; Social network messages; andany other medium which becomes relevant from time to time.You can opt-out of receiving communications from AMD at any time by writing to the AMD Communication Preference Centre at memberservices@amd-member.com or by following the unsubscribe instructions set out in each of Our communications to you.  However, We may still need to contact you in the event of a change to Our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy or concerning an account you may have with Us.Back to topWe will not disclose your personal information that We collect from the Site to any third parties without your consent except:to employees and independent contractors of AMD, analytic vendors, third party agents and other service providers and suppliers if the disclosure will enable that party to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for AMD or to perform a service that you have requested;to and between companies within the AMD group;where you give Us permission to disclose your personal information to third parties selected by Us for marketing purposes;if We are required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or request from a competent court, regulator or other authority;where We deem it necessary, in Our sole discretion, to protect Our legal rights or property or the legal rights or property of an individual who registers with the Site or any third party, or to prevent personal injury; and/orin connection with a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of Our assets or stock or Our affiliated entities (including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).We may also disclose your non-private, aggregate or otherwise non-personal information with third parties, including social media companies like Facebook and Twitter, and online advertising companies like Google, to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services for marketing purposes. You may opt-out of receiving marketing messages by using the opt-out mechanisms and links provided in each email. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that any personal information about you that We pass to a third party will be held securely by that party and only be used for the purposes for which it was provided to them. Except as noted above, information We collect from Site visitors will not be shared with individuals or other companies unrelated to, or that do not perform a business, professional or technical function for AMD.
 Back to topAMD is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect the personal information that you provide. We use a variety of advanced security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, We store the personal information you provide on secured computer servers that are located in controlled facilities. Additionally, when We transmit sensitive personal information over the Internet, We protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Please help Us to keep your personal information secure by not using an obvious login name or password and ensuring you do not divulge your password to any other person.We do our best to maintain the accuracy of any personal information you supply to Us. You can help AMD update and maintain the accuracy of any personal information you supply by notifying AMD of any changes to your address, title, phone number or e-mail address. In some parts of the Site, you may do this online by following the instructions on membership profile pages. You may also do this by contacting the address set out in the Access to your information section of this Privacy Policy. Although We make every effort to create a secure environment for your personal information, We cannot guarantee the safety of any personal information you transmit to Us online.
 Back to topAMD’s Cookies Policy is available for review here.Back to topThe Site contains links to other websites belonging to third parties. These websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy, and We are not responsible for the privacy practices within any of these other websites. You should be aware of this when you leave the Site and We encourage you to read the privacy statements of other websites.Back to topYou may have the right to request a copy of the personal information We hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Please address requests (with a return email address where possible) to:AMD Communication Preference Centrememberservices@amd-member.comOr by Post to:
AMD Web Services Team
1 Commerce Valley Dr. East
Markham, ON L3T 7X6
CanadaAMD is not obliged to comply with identical or repetitive requests and may refuse to respond to a request which is manifestly unfounded or excessive.Back to topAMD welcomes comments and questions on this Privacy Policy. We are dedicated to protecting your privacy and will make every reasonable effort to keep your information secure. Due to the rapidly evolving changes on the internet, We may update this policy. All revisions will be posted to the Site. Regularly viewing this Privacy Policy ensures that you are always aware of what information We collect, how We use it and under what circumstances We will share it with third parties. If you do not agree to the changes, please do not continue to use the Site.Comments and questions regarding Our policy should be directed to the Communication Preference Centre.Back to topEEA data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in the EEA. The following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA:Basis of processing: Where you give Us your personal information to receive a product or service from Us, We process your personal information on the basis that such processing is necessary to give effect to the contract between us. Where you give Us your personal information for any other reason, We process your personal information for Our legitimate business purposes to give action to your request (for example, providing you with access to Our Site or providing you with direct marketing that you have requested);Personal information rights: In addition to your right to access personal information We hold about you (as set out at the Access to your information section of this Privacy Policy), you have the right to have your personal information rectified or erased, to object to its processing or to restrict access to it. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority if you are unhappy with how We process your personal information. In certain circumstances, You may also have the right to receive a copy of your personal information in a machine-readable format or to have your personal information sent to another entity.Transfers: Your personal information may need to be transferred to countries outside of the EEA, both within the AMD group and to selected third party service providers. Jurisdictions to which your personal information may be exported include the USA, Canada, India and Hong Kong. Some countries may not offer the same level of protection for your personal information as exists within the EEA. Such transfers may take place to enable Us to provide you with Our products and/or services, for marketing purposes and/or for customer relationship management purposes. We will only make such international transfers subject to legally required adequate safeguards being put in place to protect your personal information. For further information on or to receive a copy of the adequate safeguards We have adopted, please contact the Communication Preference Centre.Retention: We will only hold your personal information for as long as is necessary to (i) provide you a product or service you have requested; (ii) provide you with access to Our Site; (iii) provide you with direct marketing, including newsletters, that you have requested; (iv) process your employment application; (v) respond to any query or complaint you submit; (vi) run competitions, campaigns, promotions or surveys which you have signed up for; or (vii) comply with any and all applicable laws. Thereafter, your personal information will be destroyed in accordance with Our policies and procedures regarding record retention and management.  Data Protection Officer (“DPO”): We have appointed a DPO in Germany who may be contacted for information relating to that jurisdiction at privacy.germany@amd.com. If you have any other questions in relation to Our processing of your personal information, please contact the Communication Preference Centre. 
	 Back to top