
The following information forms part of the Terms and Conditions of using Cairns Regional Council's websites. By accessing Council's website you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions.Council is committed to protecting user privacy. Council understands and appreciates that visitors and users of this website are concerned about their privacy and the confidentiality and security of any information that may be provided to Council. Privacy is about protecting the personal information of individuals that interact with Council. Under the Information Privacy Act 2009, personal information held by local government must be responsibly and transparently collected and managed.Council has created this privacy statement to demonstrate its commitment to protecting personal privacy. This privacy statement applies to all users who access this website in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of use.Information collectedUnless you specifically tell us, the Council website will never know who you are.When you visit Council's site, our web measurement tool and internet service providers record anonymous information on website activity for statistical purposes only, including the number of users who visit the web site, the date and time of the visits, the number of pages viewed and navigation patterns. This information on its own does not identify an individual but it does provide us with statistics that we can use to analyse and improve our website.Council holds a range of information including personal information relevant to conducting business with Council such as your name, address, property details, correspondence, and building records.Collection of informationCouncil will not disclose your personal information to any other person or organisation unless one of the following reasons applies:You have given Council consent to do soCouncil is required by law or authorised to do so under a lawThere are grounds to believe disclosure will prevent a threat to life or healthThat person or organisation is providing a service to Council and is required to maintain the same or similar privacy legislation principlesCouncil is of the opinion that it is unable to assist with your request and that another government agency or authority is more capable of assisting, or has the appropriate jurisdiction to assist with your request.Council collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily choose to participate in an activity through this website that involves the collection of personal information, such as sending electronic mail to this website, participating in a survey on this website, submitting a form on this website, undertaking a payment or other transaction through this website, using our Online Self Service tools, or suggesting a link from this website to an external website. If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will in no way affect your ability to use this website.You are able to access information held by Council about you under the Right to Information Act. If you have questions or concerns regarding Council's treatment of your information please contact our Customer Service Centre on 1300 69 22 47 or email council@cairns.qld.gov.au. Please note that some records (eg, land records etc) are open to public inspection under current legislation.Use of personal information collectedShould you send us any information over the internet, Council will take reasonable steps to ensure it is kept secure. However, Council accepts no responsibility for any unauthorised access to that information during its transmission to us.Any personal information you choose to provide will only be used for the purpose for which it was provided and will not be disclosed to other persons or organisations without your prior consent or if required by law.The internet is an insecure medium and users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet. Information submitted unencrypted via electronic mail or web forms may be at risk of being intercepted, read or modified. If you do not wish to email or send an online form to Cairns Regional Council, you can send mail by post. Council will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all information we collect, use or disclose is securely stored. Council will monitor transmissions sent to or from Council for quality control and systems administration and strive to protect your personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access.When you provide Council with your personal information, Council will use the information to help you use Council services, gather the data for analysis and remove personally identifiable characteristics, unless you have given Council specific consent to recognise your usage on an individual basis.If you believe Council may have breached the Australian Privacy Principles complaints can be made in writing or to Council's customer service office by email council@cairns.qld.gov.au..Other sitesCouncil is not responsible to you for any other websites you may link to from this website. Links to other websites are provided for convenience only and are beyond the control of Council. Those sites may not be current or maintained. Council does not warrant or endorse the information contained on those other websites. Council will not be responsible for any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by you in accessing or attempting to access those other websites.Surveys using foreign third-party websitesIn accordance with our privacy statement, Council undertakes to treat any personal information provided by you as confidential and only for the purposes indicated.Council uses the third-party software, Typeform, for the collection, aggregation and analysis of some survey data. The information you provide is transferred to Typeform via a secure URL which has 128 bit/256 bit encryption and is stored in Typeform's secure data warehouse. The information collected in these surveys is transmitted and stored securely in the United States and Europe and is accessed by Cairns Regional Council in accordance with Typeform's privacy policy.By completing online surveys on Council's website, you consent to this transfer. You may decline to provide this information by not responding to these surveys, or sections of the survey. If you do provide a survey answer, you consent to storage of your survey answer offshore (outside of Australia). This means that once you have chosen to participate in the survey Council will not have an obligation to take reasonable steps to ensure that the third-party (eg. Typeform) does not breach Council's Privacy Statement in relation to personal information that is given to them.

