Trademark Information

AIX®, AS/400®, OS/400® and PowerPC® are registered trademarks of IBM Corporation. 
AMD® and Opteron® are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 
Android™ and Google Docs™ are trademarks of Google Inc.
Apple®, Mac®, Mac OS®, Leopard® and Tiger® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries
Avery® and all Avery brands, product names and codes are trademarks of Avery Dennison Corporation.
BarSIMM® is a registered trademark of JetMobile, France 
Debian is a registered trademark of Software In The Public Interest, Inc. 
The mark FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation. 
HTML, DHTML, XML, XHTML are trademarks or registered trademarks of W3C, World Wide Web Consortium, Laboratory for Computer Science NE43-358, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 545 Technology Square, Cambridge, MA 02139. 
HP-UX and PA-RISC are a registered trademarks of Hewlett-Packard Company. 
ImageMagick® is a registered trademark of ImageMagick Studio LLC, P.O. Box 40, Landenberg, PA 19350, United States. 
Intel® and Itanium® are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation. 
JAVA® is a registered trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto, CA 94303 USA. 
JAVASCRIPT® is a registered trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc., used under license for technology invented and implemented by Netscape. 
Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries. 
Microsoft®, Windows®, Microsoft Word®, Microsoft Excel®, Microsoft InfoPath®, Microsoft SharePoint®, Visual Studio®, Visual Basic®, Visual C++® are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. 
Navision® is a registered trademark of Microsoft Business Solutions ApS in the United States and/or other countries. 
Oracle® is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation. 
PCL® is a registered trademark of the Hewlett-Packard Company. 
PostScript® is a registered trademark of Adobe Systems Inc. 
QR code is trademarked by Denso Wave, Inc
Red Hat® is a registered trademark of Red Hat, Inc. 
SAP, SAP Logo, Crystal Reports, R/2, R/3, ABAP, BAPI, NetWeaver, mySAP.com, SAPscript, Duet are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP AG in Germany (and in several other countries). 
SCO® and SCO OpenServer® are registered trademarks of The SCO Group, Inc. in the United States and other countries. 
Solaris® is a registered trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc. 
SPARC® is registered trademark of SPARC International, Inc. 
SUSE® is registered trademark of SUSE AG, a Novell business. 
UNIX® is a registered trademark of The Open Group. 
Unicode® is a trademark of Unicode Inc. 
UPS® and UPS 2nd Day Air® are registered trademarks of United Parcel Service of America, Inc

All other products mentioned are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. If any trademark on our web site is not marked as trademark (or registered trademark), we ask you to send us a short message, contact us.