Security and Privacy
1. Security Credit Card Payments
Your Credit Card Details and Payments are secure. We use the very latest encryption technology (SSL) to protect your credit card details. 
This technology is widely used to deliver secure transactions over the Internet. 
We also have a Thawte Site ID, so that you can be sure we are who we say we are.
2. Privacy Policy
We are always conscious and respectful of your personal privacy.
At DriveNow™ we recognise the importance of protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy will answer your questions about the kind of information we collect and how we use it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. If we change or update our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here, and any changes will apply to all information collected by DriveNow™, including previously collected information.
What information do we gather and how do we use it? 
We collect information about your visits, such as service provider, browser type, operating system, pages accessed on our web site and the date and time of access to optimise your user experience and enhance your time spent with us online. We also receive information telling us what site you came from. These statistics do not contain any personal identifiable information.

We collect information about your visits, such as service provider, browser type, operating system, pages accessed on our web site and the date and time of access to optimise your user experience and enhance your time spent with us online. We also receive information telling us what site you came from. These statistics do not contain any personal identifiable information.In the ordinary course of our business, we gather personally identifiable data about you, including:

 Information you provide, such as your name, telephone number(s), e-mail address(es), driver's license details and credit card information
 Information about your transactions with us, such as the locations, dates and times of your rental pickup and return, your arrival airlines and flight numbers and the rental charges you incur.

Who do we share your personal information with?
Information that you provide us with is used to secure your booking and deliver booking confirmation to you electronically. We may also contact you about your vehicle hire for customer service purposes or to make alterations or cancellations to your booking. We do not disclose any information about customer bookings to anyone except the vehicle supplier. In delivering this service we will provide the hirer's name, contact and driving license details, and for non pre-paid bookings, your credit card details, to the vehicle supplier who require this information to fulfil the booking. Whilst we utilise reputable suppliers, we have not placed specific limitation on these suppliers from using or disclosing your information without your permission.  We recommend that you review the privacy policies of any supplier used through our website. Where there is a legal obligation DriveNow™ may disclose information against someone who represents a threat to DriveNow's™ interests (eg customer fraud) or whose activities could harm others. 
Use of 'Cookies'
A 'cookie' is a set of data that a website server stores on your computer. Cookies enable websites to recognise your computer and to 'remember' your entries as you move from page to page, or even when you revisit the site from time to time using the same computer. 
Cookies are required to make a booking with DriveNow™.
Session cookies are required to access the Supplier area. These are encrypted and deleted on exiting the browser. 
Third Party Websites
Our website may contain links to third party websites, which may or may not be operated in conjunction with our website. We do not monitor or control the information collected when you choose to 'click through' links to these websites. The treatment of user data by the operators of third party websites may be different from ours. For details regarding their treatment of personally identifiable data about you, you will need to read their privacy policies or contact them. 
Retention of Data
DriveNow™ only records personally identifiable information that is necessary to do business with you.
Data Security
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personally identifiable data about you from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. As part of those precautions, we seek to protect personally identifiable data about you through technologies designed to safeguard the data during its transmission. Our systems are configured with industry standard data encryption and firewall technology. Transmission of your details to DriveNow™ is protected by Secure Socket Layer technology. DriveNow™ holds a digital protection certificate from Thawte Server CA, part of the Verisign Group, specialists and leaders in the control and protection of data storage and transmission. You can view this site certificate by clicking on the closed padlock or solid key at the bottom of your browser. For Internet Explorer users click on subject to verify that you are on the DriveNow.com.au website and select issuer to verify certificate authentication.
