Privacy policy & cookies
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to the terms and conditions and accept the use of cookies in accordance with the below policy.
Privacy
F1Technical.net may gather information that helps this site to improve its services, based on your information. The data gathered and stored by F1Technical.net is never of personal nature, and stored data will never be linked to anything personal of a user. Any information that is gathered, going from browser information to names, emails and other information that are filled into a form by the user himself will not be shared to a third party website, and is kept strictly to F1Technical.net. F1Technical.net cannot be forced to remove any data from its database in a limited time interval when it concerns information that was provided to F1Technical.net with full consent of the user of this website.
This website contains links to other sites. F1Technical.net is not responsible for privacy practices or content of these sites. F1Technical.net does not share information with them.
Cookie policy
By using this website, reading our content or creating an account and contributing by posting content, you agree to the use of cookies.
Why we use cookies
Cookies are small bits of text that are placed in your browser that allow us to help recognise each user when they visit this site again at a later time. The cookies themselves do not contain any personal or private information, but instead only a short textual identifier.
With this identifier, we lookup the information you provided us, allowing us to tailer the website to your needs and interests.
Third party cookies
We use third party providers for social sharing and other similar integrated functionality, as well asother third party suppliers that we work with to publish advertisements. These providers may similarly use cookies to support their functionality. These are usually designed to

keep you signed in on social third party websites and
aid in showing you relevant and informative advertisements.

In all the above cases, it is the third party that controls how to use cookies, and is not subject to our own cookie policy.

