
The Promoter
The promoter is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS (“Vue”/”Promoter”)
 
The Offer
This offer is only valid for myvue.com members resident in the United Kingdom (excluding Northern Ireland and The Republic of Ireland (ROI)) Applicants for the Prize must be aged 18 or over.
To sign up please visit www.myvue.com/login/register  
Members should purchase tickets online for any performance of “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them “playing at Vue Cinemas between 18th November and 24th November 2016 inclusive, and you will be entered into a prize draw to win a “Wizarding World Holiday to Orlando” (the “Prize”)
Please see below for how to enter without a purchase
 
How to Enter
To enter for a chance of winning the prize visit www.myvue.com and purchase at least one ticket to see “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them” in any format (3D, 2D, IMAX, VueXtreme) before 10th November 2016, inclusive for performances playing between 18th November and 24th November 2016 inclusive
Entry is only valid for customers who have signed up for and are signed into their myvue.com account when purchasing their tickets(s).
Once you have signed into your myvue.com account and you complete a ticket purchase, you will automatically be entered into the Prize draw.
Offer only valid for online ticket purchase(s). In-cinema ticket purchases are not eligible. For this Prize draw you must purchase ticket(s) whilst logged in to your myvue.com account to qualify
Only one (1) entry per booking which will be determined by email address. Where multiple tickets are purchased in one (1) transaction you will only be entered once.
There will be one (1) winner, selected at random and they will be notified by email within 7 days of the closing date. 
The Prize must be accepted within 48 hours of being notified or the claim on the Prize will be forfeited and another winner will be chosen at random.
Our decision is final.  
No correspondence will be entered into.
The Prize and any part of it is subject to any additional terms and conditions of the manufacturer or supplier of the Prize.
Vue employees are not eligible to enter regardless of ticket purchase.
In order to enter without purchase please write to us at Vue Entertainment, 10 Chiswick Park , 566 Chiswick High Road, London, W4 5XS and include your full name and surname, contact number and address and the words “PLEASE ENTER ME INTO THE FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEM WIZARDING WORLD OF HARRY POTTER COMPETITION”
 
Prize Package
2 (two) Return Flights from London Gatwick or Manchester to Orlando, Florida
Three night hotel stay with breakfast based on 2 people sharing 1 (one) room
Return airport-hotel transfers for 2 (two)
2 (two) “Twin Parks” tickets for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter At Universal Orlando Resort which includes all The Wizarding World of Harry Potter attractions and a ride the Hogwarts’ Express
Travel Insurance
 
General Promotion T&Cs
Dates of travel are weekends between 16th February and 30th November 2017, excluding local and US national holidays.
At least one person travelling must be 18 years or over.
If the winner is under 18 then his/her guest must be his/her parent or guardian.
The hotel is based on 2 (two) people sharing one room.
The hotel will take a credit card pre-authorisation or cash deposit to cover incidentals.
The winner and his/her guest are solely responsible for all other meals and expenses not specifically set forth herein.
The winner and his/her guest must have valid passports and applicable visas/permissions.
If applicable, the winner and his/her guest must register online with US ESTA system https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/esta/.
The United States requires that travellers entering the US under the Visa Waiver Program (ESTA) must hold an e-Passport if their passport was issued on or after 26th October 2006.
Except for the one (1) guest permitted as part of your prize, you are not allowed to bring any additional family members or guests on the prize trip.  
Your guest may not be selected through any further contest, promotion or commercial event. 
You and your guest must travel on the same itinerary from the selected airports included in the prize.  
Once selected, your guest may not be changed without the express consent of Vue and Warner Bros, which Vue and Warner Bros may grant or withhold at their sole discretion. 
Any potential winner and his/her proposed guest will be required to sign a prize acceptance and release form in order to be eligible to win and/or participate in the prize.
If any part of the Prize becomes unavailable, a suitable alternative of an equivalent value will be found at the prize provider’s sole discretion
The Prize is non-transferable and no cash or other alternatives will be offered in place of the Prize and Vue reserves the right to make any reasonable amendments to these terms and conditions at any stage. In this event, a notice will be posted on www.myvue.com 
The Prize can only be delivered to winners living at UK mainland addresses (excluding Northern Ireland and ROI)
 
General
The Promoter shall not be liable for any failure or delay in performing its obligations to the winner and any of the winner’s guests where such delay or failure is caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control. 
The Promoter shall not be liable to the winner and his/her guests for any loss or damage caused by accepting the prize
Any personal information collected by Vue in connection with the Prize will be used in accordance with Vue’s privacy policy 
The offer and these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising in relation to the Prize.
