1. Vue gift cards (the "Gift Cards") are issued by Vue Entertainment Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 4699504 and whose registered office is at 10 Chiswick Road, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS ("Vue"). Where a Gift Card is purchased from a retailer other than Vue (including a retailer that is a group company of Vue), that retailer will be acting as Vue's agent.
2. By purchasing or using a Gift Card, the purchaser or user agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions.
3. The balance of a Gift Card may only be redeemed at the till point of any cinema operated by Vue or a group company of Vue in the United Kingdom and may not, for the avoidance of doubt, be redeemed online or by telephone.
4. The Gift Cards are not cheque guarantee, credit or charge cards.
5. A Gift Card has no value until it has been activated at a till point.
6. The minimum amount of credit that can be loaded onto a Gift Card at any time is £5.
7. The balance of a Gift Card purchased from a retailer or direct from Vue can be topped-up at any cinema operated by Vue or a group company of Vue in the United Kingdom. The maximum amount of credit that can be loaded onto a Gift Card at any time is £100.
8. The balance of a Gift Card cannot be used towards the purchase of another Gift Card.
9. The purchase of cinema tickets and/or refreshments and/or other goods shall be subject to availability. The bearer of a Gift Card shall not be entitled to any preferential rights over other cinema guests.
10. Vue's Guest Admission Policy and Ticket Terms apply to any purchase of tickets and visit to any cinema operated by Vue or a group company of Vue.
11. Gift Cards should be treated as cash. The balance of a Gift Card may be used by anyone presenting it at a cinema operated by Vue or a group company of Vue in the United Kingdom. .Vue accepts no liability for lost, stolen, damaged or altered gift cards. 
12. Gift Cards may not be sold, resold or exchanged or used for any other commercial purpose without Vue’s express prior written permission.
13. The balance of a Gift Cards may not be exchanged for cash or credit.
14. The balance of a Gift Card may not be refunded, except in accordance with your statutory rights.
15. The balance of a Gift Card is valid for 12 months from the last transaction which includes activation, a balance enquiry or a purchase. 
16. Vue reserves the right to withdraw a Gift Card or cancel the balance of a Gift Card or to take any other action it deems appropriate at any time
17. Any remaining balance of a Gift Card will be forfeited on expiry under condition 15 above or withdrawal or cancellation under condition 16 above.
18. Vue reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time without notice to any bearer of a Gift Card. Such changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. A copy of the latest Gift Card terms and conditions may be obtained by contacting Vue Guest Services by telephone (local rates apply) on 0345 308 4620 or by email to customerservices@vuemail.com.
19. In the unlikely event of a failure of Vue's IT and communications systems, Vue may be unable to accept Gift Cards as payment during such system failure.
20. Vue's liability to the bearer of a Gift Card in relation to these terms and conditions shall under no circumstances exceed the balance of the Gift Card as at the date the liability arose.
21. Nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit the liability of Vue for death or personal injury arising out of its negligence or for any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law.
22. If any provision, or part of a provision, of these terms and conditions is found by any court or other relevant authority to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will not form part of these terms and conditions but the legality, validity and enforceability of the rest of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
23. These terms and conditions and any disputes or claims arising in connection with them are governed by English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
24. Any general enquiries or queries relating to the Gift Cards should be directed to Vue Guest Services by telephone (local rates apply) on 0345 308 4620 or by email to customerservices@vuemail.com.
 
 