
The Promoter
The promoter is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS (“Vue”/”Promoter”)
The Offer
This offer is only valid for myvue.com members resident in the United Kingdom (excluding Northern Ireland and The Republic of Ireland (ROI)) Applicants for the Prize must be aged 18 or over.
To sign up please visit www.myvue.com/login/register 
Members should purchase tickets online for any performance of “Sing” playing at Vue Cinemas between 21st January 2017 and 9th February 2017 inclusive, and you will be entered into a prize draw to win a “Holiday to Universal Studios Hollywood” (the “Prize”)
How to Enter
To enter for a chance of winning the prize visit www.myvue.com and purchase at least one ticket to see “Sing” in any format (3D, 2D, IMAX, VueXtreme) between 2nd December 2016 and 9th February 2017 inclusive.
Entry is only valid for customers who have signed up for and are signed into their myvue.com account when purchasing their tickets(s).
Once you have signed into your myvue.com account and you complete a ticket purchase, you will automatically be entered into the Prize draw.
Offer only valid for online ticket purchase(s). In-cinema ticket purchases are not eligible. For this Prize draw you must purchase ticket(s) whilst logged in to your myvue.com account to qualify
Only one (1) entry per booking which will be determined by email address. Where multiple tickets are purchased in one (1) transaction you will only be entered once.
There will be one (1) winner, selected at random and they will be notified by email within 7 days of the closing date.
The Prize must be accepted within 48 hours of being notified or the claim on the Prize will be forfeited and another winner will be chosen at random.
Our decision is final. 
No correspondence will be entered into.
The Prize and any part of it are subject to any additional terms and conditions of the manufacturer or supplier of the Prize.
Vue employees are not eligible to enter regardless of ticket purchase.
Prize Package
 
Round trip coach class air transportation for winner and up to 3 (three) guests from a major international airport near winner’s home (as determined by Prize Provider in their sole discretion) to Los Angeles, CA.
4 (four) nights standard hotel accommodation (one room, quadruple occupancy, room and tax only) at Universal Sheraton (or another on-site hotel as determined by the Prize Provider in their sole discretion)
Non-exclusive ground transportation to and from airport and hotel in Los Angeles, CA
General Admission Passes for 3 (three) days admission to Universal Studios Hollywood for winner and up to 3 (three) guests. 
General Promotion T&Cs
 
Dates of travel are to be within one year of the competition’s end date (9th February 2016). All bookings must be completed at least 60 days before intended departure date.
Specific travel dates and arrangements are subject to air travel, holiday, blackout dates, and other prize and travel restrictions. Blackout dates for 2017 include: January 13-16, February 17-20, April 10-28, May 26-29, July 1-4, September 1-4, November 23-27, December 15-31. January 1 2018 is also a blackout date. All blackout dates are subject to change without notice.
At least one person travelling must be 18 years or over.
If the winner is under 18 then his/her guest must be his/her parent or guardian.
The winner and his/her guest are solely responsible for all other meals and expenses not specifically set forth herein.
The winner and his/her guest must have valid passports and applicable visas/permissions.
If applicable, the winner and his/her guest must register online with US ESTA system https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/esta/.
The United States requires that travellers entering the US under the Visa Waiver Program (ESTA) must hold an e-Passport if their passport was issued on or after 26th October 2006.
Your guest may not be selected through any further contest, promotion or commercial event. 
You and your guest must travel on the same itinerary from the selected airports included in the prize. 
Once selected, your guest may not be changed without the express consent of Vue and Universal, which Vue and Universal may grant or withhold at their sole discretion.
Any potential winner and his/her proposed guest will be required to sign a prize acceptance and release form in order to be eligible to win and/or participate in the prize.
If any part of the Prize becomes unavailable, a suitable alternative of an equivalent value or higher will be found at the prize provider’s sole discretion.
The Prize is non-transferable and no cash or other alternatives will be offered in place of the Prize and Vue reserves the right to make any reasonable amendments to these terms and conditions at any stage. In this event, a notice will be posted on www.myvue.com
The Prize can only be delivered to winners living at UK mainland addresses (excluding Northern Ireland and ROI)
 
General
 
The Promoter shall not be liable for any failure or delay in performing its obligations to the winner and any of the winner’s guests where such delay or failure is caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
The Promoter shall not be liable to the winner and his/her guests for any loss or damage caused by accepting the prize
Any personal information collected by Vue in connection with the Prize will be used in accordance with Vue’s privacy policy
The offer and these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising in relation to the Prize.
 
Universal Studios Hollywood is a prize supplier only in this Sweepstakes; is not a sponsor of this Sweepstakes; and is not responsible for the administration of the Sweepstakes, the collection of the entries or the conduct of the draws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all disputes arising out of or relating to any person’s use of, or participation in, the Universal Studios Hollywood prize itself shall be resolved by applying the laws of California, without regard to conflict of laws provision therein, and shall be solely and exclusively brought in state or federal courts within California. Such claims shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and all such claims shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, but in no event to include attorneys’ fees.
