 This policy (the "Guest Admissions Policy") is adopted by Vue Entertainment Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 4699504 and whose registered office is at 10 Chiswick Road, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS and its subsidiaries and holding companies and the subsidiaries of such holding companies (as such terms are defined in section 1159 Companies Act 2006) ("Vue").
2. The admission of guests to any cinema operated by Vue is strictly subject to this Guest Admissions Policy. By purchasing a ticket to attend any cinema operated by Vue, the purchaser agrees to be bound by this Guest Admissions Policy.
3. Vue reserves the right to refuse access to or order the immediate removal without any entitlement to a refund of any person who fails to act in accordance with this Guest Admissions Policy.
4. Tickets are not refundable and Guests are responsible for checking their tickets at the time of collection (or booking in the case of an e-ticket).  Vue shall not be under any obligation to rectify tickets bought in error.  Guests may not resell or trade any tickets.  
5. Guests shall produce on request a valid ticket in order to be admitted into an auditorium for any performance. Each guest is only be permitted access to and for: (i) the auditorium; (ii) the performance; (iii) the performance time; and (iv) the seat or type of seating (if any), specified on the ticket. 
6. Guests shall retain their tickets, ticket stubs or e-tickets at all times, as these may be required for re-entry into the auditorium.  Failure to do so may result in the guest being denied access into the auditorium.  
7. Ticket prices may change between the date of purchase and the date that the film is screened. In the event that the price paid for the ticket is greater than the price for equivalent tickets at the same screening, guests may not claim a refund for the difference.  
8. In order to avoid disturbances to a performance, Vue will refuse entry to any guest who arrives after the main feature has begun, subject to any decision by the Duty Manager acting in his or her absolute discretion. 
9. Mobile phones and all other mobile devices must be switched off at all times inside the auditorium.
10. Sound and video recording equipment (including but not limited to cameras and mobile devices with recording functions) are not permitted inside the auditorium. Vue reserves the right to conduct random bag checks in this respect and to report any guest found or suspected of copying or attempting to copy any film or other copyright protected material to the relevant authorities.
11. Vue accepts no responsibility for any information displayed or broadcast in any cinema operated by Vue by any third party or for the content of any film or advertisement that is shown at any cinema operated by Vue.
12. Guests may not bring or consume any hot food or alcohol purchased outside of the premises.
13. Guests must remain within permitted guest areas or as otherwise instructed by Vue staff or agents at all times.
14. Vue accept no responsibility for the loss, theft, damage or alteration to any personal items brought onto the premises by its guests.
15. Guests shall not exhibit behaviour which is considered antisocial or disruptive by the Duty Manager acting in his or her absolute discretion. Such behaviour will result in immediate removal from the premises without any entitlement to a refund. Vue reserves the right to require the removal of a group of guests in the event that one or more of the group's number are considered to be behaving in an antisocial or disruptive manner. The removal of any guests from the premises may result in the issuance of a letter barring such guests from the premises in the future. Vue reserves the right to report any guest deemed to be exhibiting antisocial or disruptive behaviour to the police for further investigation.
16. One complimentary admission ticket will be issued to a carer of a disabled guest (aged 8+) if the latter holds a valid Cinema Exhibitors’ Association card or can show valid photographic ID connecting the name of the disabled guest to the recipient of one or more of the following: Disability Living Allowance (DLA), Attendance Allowance (AA), Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Armed Forces Independent Payment (AFIP), or is a registered blind person. 
17. Guests may not bring any animal on the premises, except guide, hearing and other assistance dogs.
18. Guests may not smoke (including electronic cigarettes or any other artificial cigarettes or smoking devices) within the premises. Anyone found doing so shall be removed from the premises without any entitlement to a refund.
19. Guests may not bring alcohol or illegal substances onto the premises – save that alcohol may be purchased from any licensed bars or licensed screens within the cinema (where available). Alcohol purchased from the licensed bars or screens within the cinema must be consumed within the licensed areas only. Licensing laws shall be strictly enforced.  Anyone who is or appears to be intoxicated shall be removed from the premises immediately without any entitlement to a refund. 
20. Guests shall submit to any search by Vue of their persons or possessions before entry to the premises or at any time whilst on the premises. Any guest found or suspected of being in possession of a weapon, drugs or other harmful or illegal substances shall be refused entry and may be reported to the police. Vue reserves the right to confiscate items until the guests in possession of such items leave the premises.
21. Guests must not engage in any conduct towards, or speak to, any Vue staff, agents or other guests in a manner which may offend, insult, intimidate, threaten, disparage or vilify any person on any basis whatsoever. Vue shall, whenever possible, seek to prosecute guests who behave in this way on its premises.
22. Vue will refuse admission to a performance to any guest who, in the opinion of an authorised Vue employee, is under the minimum age required by the BBFC or IFCO classification for that performance and who cannot prove that they are at least the minimum age required. A photocopy of a birth certificate (together with a form of photographic identification connecting the name on the birth certificate to the guest), passport or driving licence is an acceptable form of identification.
23. Guests who are under the age of 12 and who wish to be admitted to the Vue premises after 7.00pm must be accompanied by a guest who is 18 years of age or older. Guests who are under the age of 8 must be accompanied by a guest who is 18 years of age or older at all times. Guests under the age of 18 may not be admitted to any performance commencing on or after 10.30pm, subject to certain exceptions as advertised from time to time.
24. Subject to condition 23 above, a guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Child ticket for certain performances if he or she is: (i) aged 2 to 12 years inclusive; and (ii) able to produce on request a valid and current form of photographic identification.
25. Subject to condition 23 above, a guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Teen ticket for certain performances if he or she is (i) aged 13 to 18 years inclusive; and (ii) able to produce on request a valid and current form of photographic identification.
26. Subject to condition 23 above, a guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Student ticket for certain performances if he or she is: (i) aged 16 years or over; (ii) in part or full-time education; and (iii) able to produce on request a valid and current National Union of Students, Union of Students in Ireland or International Student Identity photographic identification card.
27. A guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Senior ticket for certain performances if he or she is: (i) aged 60 years or over; and (ii) able to produce on request an older persons bus pass, Senior Railcard or photographic identification card verifying that condition (i) is met.
28. Guests understand that CCTV monitoring takes place on Vue's premises for the purposes of protecting Vue’s staff, guests and property and for the purposes of preventing or detecting crime.
29. Guests agree not to do anything to endanger or jeopardise the safety of another guest or Vue Employee whilst on the premises.  Vue reserves the right to take any and all appropriate action to protect its staff, guests and property including but not limited to banning guests from all or certain cinemas operated by Vue, contacting the police and any taking any necessary legal action) and to recoup or make a claim for any costs incurred.
30. Vue accepts no responsibility for any information displayed on its premises by any third party.
31. All adults must be accompanied by a child when attending a Mini Mornings or a Bring Your Baby performance. For the avoidance of doubt "Adult" includes those purchasing an Adult, Senior or Student ticket. 
32. Vue reserves the right to alter or cancel the time or date of any screening without notice.
33. Vue reserves the right to change this Guest Admissions Policy at any time without notice. Such changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. Alternatively guests can obtain a copy of the latest Guest Admissions Policy by contacting Vue Guest Services by telephone (local rates apply) 0345 308 4620 or by email at 
34. Additional 75p booking fee per ticket applies to tickets purchased online via myvue.com and via our call centre.
1.This policy (the "Guest Admissions Policy") is adopted by Vue Entertainment Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 4699504 and whose registered office is at 10 Chiswick Road, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS and its subsidiaries and holding companies and the subsidiaries of such holding companies (as such terms are defined in section 1159 Companies Act 2006) ("Vue").2.The admission of guests to any cinema operated by Vue is strictly subject to this Guest Admissions Policy. By purchasing a ticket to attend any cinema operated by Vue, the purchaser agrees to be bound by this Guest Admissions Policy.3.Vue reserves the right to refuse access to or order the immediate removal without any entitlement to a refund of any person who fails to act in accordance with this Guest Admissions Policy.4.Tickets are not refundable and Guests are responsible for checking their tickets at the time of collection (or booking in the case of an e-ticket). Vue shall not be under any obligation to rectify tickets bought in error. Guests may not resell or trade any tickets.5.Guests shall produce on request a valid ticket in order to be admitted into an auditorium for any performance. Each guest is only be permitted access to and for: (i) the auditorium; (ii) the performance; (iii) the performance time; and (iv) the seat or type of seating (if any), specified on the ticket.6.Guests shall retain their tickets, ticket stubs or e-tickets at all times, as these may be required for re-entry into the auditorium. Failure to do so may result in the guest being denied access into the auditorium.7.Ticket prices may change between the date of purchase and the date that the film is screened. In the event that the price paid for the ticket is greater than the price for equivalent tickets at the same screening, guests may not claim a refund for the difference.8.In order to avoid disturbances to a performance, Vue will refuse entry to any guest who arrives after the main feature has begun, subject to any decision by the Duty Manager acting in his or her absolute discretion.9.Mobile phones and all other mobile devices must be switched off at all times inside the auditorium.10.Sound and video recording equipment (including but not limited to cameras and mobile devices with recording functions) are not permitted inside the auditorium. Vue reserves the right to conduct random bag checks in this respect and to report any guest found or suspected of copying or attempting to copy any film or other copyright protected material to the relevant authorities.11.Vue accepts no responsibility for any information displayed or broadcast in any cinema operated by Vue by any third party or for the content of any film or advertisement that is shown at any cinema operated by Vue.12.Guests may not bring or consume any hot food or alcohol purchased outside of the premises.13.Guests must remain within permitted guest areas or as otherwise instructed by Vue staff or agents at all times.14.Vue accept no responsibility for the loss, theft, damage or alteration to any personal items brought onto the premises by its guests.15.Guests shall not exhibit behaviour which is considered antisocial or disruptive by the Duty Manager acting in his or her absolute discretion. Such behaviour will result in immediate removal from the premises without any entitlement to a refund. Vue reserves the right to require the removal of a group of guests in the event that one or more of the group's number are considered to be behaving in an antisocial or disruptive manner. The removal of any guests from the premises may result in the issuance of a letter barring such guests from the premises in the future. Vue reserves the right to report any guest deemed to be exhibiting antisocial or disruptive behaviour to the police for further investigation.16.One complimentary admission ticket will be issued to a carer of a disabled guest (aged 8+) if the latter holds a valid Cinema Exhibitors’ Association card or can show valid photographic ID connecting the name of the disabled guest to the recipient of one or more of the following: Disability Living Allowance (DLA), Attendance Allowance (AA), Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Armed Forces Independent Payment (AFIP), or is a registered blind person.17.Guests may not bring any animal on the premises, except guide, hearing and other assistance dogs.18.Guests may not smoke (including electronic cigarettes or any other artificial cigarettes or smoking devices) within the premises. Anyone found doing so shall be removed from the premises without any entitlement to a refund.19.Guests may not bring alcohol or illegal substances onto the premises – save that alcohol may be purchased from any licensed bars or licensed screens within the cinema (where available). Alcohol purchased from the licensed bars or screens within the cinema must be consumed within the licensed areas only. Licensing laws shall be strictly enforced. Anyone who is or appears to be intoxicated shall be removed from the premises immediately without any entitlement to a refund.20.Guests shall submit to any search by Vue of their persons or possessions before entry to the premises or at any time whilst on the premises. Any guest found or suspected of being in possession of a weapon, drugs or other harmful or illegal substances shall be refused entry and may be reported to the police. Vue reserves the right to confiscate items until the guests in possession of such items leave the premises.21.Guests must not engage in any conduct towards, or speak to, any Vue staff, agents or other guests in a manner which may offend, insult, intimidate, threaten, disparage or vilify any person on any basis whatsoever. Vue shall, whenever possible, seek to prosecute guests who behave in this way on its premises.22.Vue will refuse admission to a performance to any guest who, in the opinion of an authorised Vue employee, is under the minimum age required by the BBFC or IFCO classification for that performance and who cannot prove that they are at least the minimum age required. A photocopy of a birth certificate (together with a form of photographic identification connecting the name on the birth certificate to the guest), passport or driving licence is an acceptable form of identification.23.Guests who are under the age of 12 and who wish to be admitted to the Vue premises after 7.00pm must be accompanied by a guest who is 18 years of age or older. Guests who are under the age of 8 must be accompanied by a guest who is 18 years of age or older at all times. Guests under the age of 18 may not be admitted to any performance commencing on or after 10.30pm, subject to certain exceptions as advertised from time to time.24.Subject to condition 23 above, a guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Child ticket for certain performances if he or she is: (i) aged 2 to 12 years inclusive; and (ii) able to produce on request a valid and current form of photographic identification.25.Subject to condition 23 above, a guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Teen ticket for certain performances if he or she is (i) aged 13 to 18 years inclusive; and (ii) able to produce on request a valid and current form of photographic identification.26.Subject to condition 23 above, a guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Student ticket for certain performances if he or she is: (i) aged 16 years or over; (ii) in part or full-time education; and (iii) able to produce on request a valid and current National Union of Students, Union of Students in Ireland or International Student Identity photographic identification card.27.A guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Senior ticket for certain performances if he or she is: (i) aged 60 years or over; and (ii) able to produce on request an older persons bus pass, Senior Railcard or photographic identification card verifying that condition (i) is met.28.Guests understand that CCTV monitoring takes place on Vue's premises for the purposes of protecting Vue’s staff, guests and property and for the purposes of preventing or detecting crime.29.Guests agree not to do anything to endanger or jeopardise the safety of another guest or Vue Employee whilst on the premises. Vue reserves the right to take any and all appropriate action to protect its staff, guests and property including but not limited to banning guests from all or certain cinemas operated by Vue, contacting the police and any taking any necessary legal action) and to recoup or make a claim for any costs incurred.30.Vue accepts no responsibility for any information displayed on its premises by any third party.31.All adults must be accompanied by a child when attending a Mini Mornings or a Bring Your Baby performance. For the avoidance of doubt "Adult" includes those purchasing an Adult, Senior or Student ticket.32.Vue reserves the right to alter or cancel the time or date of any screening without notice.33.Vue reserves the right to change this Guest Admissions Policy at any time without notice. Such changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. Alternatively guests can obtain a copy of the latest Guest Admissions Policy by contacting Vue Guest Services by telephone (local rates apply) 0345 308 4620 or by email at [email protected] Nothing in this Guest Admissions Policy shall affect your statutory rights as a consumer.34.Additional 75p booking fee per ticket applies to tickets purchased online via myvue.com and via our call centre. 
 



