
Thank you for visiting our website powered by Esportsify.com! This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”)_governs the manner in which Ryze Software, Inc (hereinafter, “Ryze”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") who visit the www.esportsify.com website ("Website"). This Privacy Policy applies to the Website and all services offered by Ryze.
Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Website, register on the Website, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Website. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Website anonymously. We will collect personally identifiable information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website related activities.
Browser Information
We may also collect information about Users that may or may not be personally identifiable whenever they interact with our Website. That includes information about their interaction and conduct on our Website, including without limitation browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Website, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Website may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. Cookiesare small text files a website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate a visitor's ongoing access to and use of the Website, track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning website. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Website may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
Ryze may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Website.
To improve our Website
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their use of the Website. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Website.
To allow site creators to contact you
We may use the email address, phone number, and social network information that Users provide to send User information and updates pertaining to the content uploaded by other Users (“Site Creators”). If User decides to subscribe to the Site Creator’s site or check in to the Site Creator’s site, they will receive emails that may include news, updates, related product or service information, etc. related to that Site Creator’s site on Ryze. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Website.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Website.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Website and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Website is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third Party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Website that link to the websites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these websites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Website. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Website, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Ryze has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, please contact us at:
support@esportsify.com
This document was last updated on November 23, 2016

