We are committed to protecting your privacy and personal data. Therefore, we use your personal data strictly within the legal limits of the applicable data protection laws. With this privacy policy, we inform you of the personal data we collect when you use our services.
In the following, we inform you about the type, scope, and purposes of the collection and use of personal data. You can access this information at any time on our website, wordcounter.net.
1. Data controller/Contact
The data controller responsible for data processing within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation, other data protection laws in force in the Member States of the European Union, and other provisions of a data protection nature is:
WordCounter
c/o Roth Media GmbH (Swiss Limited Liability Company)
Lorrainestrasse 19
3013 Bern
Switzerland
Please feel free to address any questions or concerns regarding data protection or privacy to privacy(at)wordcounter.net.
2. Scope of data protection
Data protection concerns personal data as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation, i.e. all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Identifiable is any natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assignment to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or one or more special characteristics. Usage data is data required to use our website; this data includes the start, end, and extent of the user’s website use.
3. Automatic data collection via website access
When you access our website, your device automatically transmits certain data for technical reasons and purposes of service. The following data is stored separately from any other data you may transmit to us:

Date and time of access
Browser type and version
Operating system
URL of the website visited prior to ours
Amount of data sent
Requesting domain
Notification of successful data retrieval
Search term when using a web browser
IP address
Your most recent text entered into the Word Counter text form. (Read more about this in section 6 about Cookies)

This data is stored for purely technical reasons and is never associated with any particular individual. The data about website access is used for error analysis, ensuring the security of the systems, logging of access to services (Word Counter), and to improve our service.
4. Texts and modifications (registered user)
If you use our word counter, you transfer to our servers all texts you would like to check. This is required for us to perform the check and to provide you with service.
Please note that you may not use our free service for any texts containing personal data of any kind.
5. Performance of contract (registered user)
When signing up for WordCounter, the following personal information is stored and processed for purposes of service:

Email address
First name, last name, or both.
any additional information you may provide during the registration process
any texts and versions that you inside your free account

Since this is a free service there’s no guarantee in terms of uptime, quality, or reliabilty of service.
6. Cookies
We use “cookies” to provide you with a wide range of functionalities and enhance your user experience. Cookies are tiny files stored on your computer through your browser. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may deactivate cookie storage on your computer by changing your browser settings accordingly. Please note that the proper functioning of the website may be impaired and the range of functionalities may be limited if you deactivate cookies.
In particular, we are using the following cookies:

Cookie to store your preferred languages and custom settings
Cookie to store your WordCounter login information (if you are a registered user)
Cookie to store your most recent text, so if you accidentally or purposely exit our website, and then come back, your text and modifcations won’t be lost. We can’t guarantee your text and modifications will still be present since we have no control over your computer and you might have deleted or blocked this cookie mentioned in the mean time.
Cookies with an individual identifier to re-identify your browser
(please refer to the “Google Analytics” section for further details)

7. Google Analytics (with anonymization function)
We use Google Analytics (with anonymization function), a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies which permit an analysis of your use of the website. The information about your website use generated by the cookie (including your truncated IP address) is transmitted to a server controlled by Google in the USA and is stored there. Google uses this information to analyze your use of the website, to generate reports about website activities for website operators, and to provide further services related to website and internet use. Google may also share such information with third parties to the extent it is legally required to do so and/or to the extent third parties process data on behalf of Google.
You can find detailed information about how Google uses your data in Google’s privacy policy.
We use Google Analytics with the anonymization function. By means of this addition, Google shortens and anonymizes the IP address of the Internet connection of the person concerned, if our Internet pages are accessed from a member state of the European Union or from another state party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
You may deactivate Google Analytics with the help of a browser add-on if you do not want this website analysis.
User-based event data at Google Analytics is deleted after 50 months.
8. Your rights
You have the following rights under European Union law. If you wish to exercise any of the rights below, simply write to us at the above address.

Right to confirmation and right to information – we will be happy to confirm whether we process your personal data, what data it is and for what purpose it is processed.
Right to rectification – if the data we store is incorrect, we will of course be happy to correct it.
Right of erasure – if you want your personal data to be deleted, we will, as far as legally possible, comply with your request. If data must be kept for legal reasons, it will be blocked. The data is then no longer available for further use.
Right to restriction of processing – should you wish to restrict use, we will, as far as legally possible, comply with your request.
Right to object – if you wish to object to any consents already given, we will pursue your request accordingly.

You also have the right to lodge a complaint to a supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data.
9. Changes to privacy policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy. The current version of the privacy policy is always accessible here.
Last updated: 25 May 2018

