


At Garden Design we’re committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors and subscribers. Read on to find out how we collect and use your personal information and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to contact us about another matter, please use the following contact information:Email: dayna@gardendesign.comAddress: 1090 5th Street, Calimesa, CA 92320Phone: 855-624-5110
Affiliate disclosure
As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases. In addition, we may work with other partners, which are clearly marked.
How we collect your personal data
This Privacy Policy applies to personal data collected by Garden Design in the following ways:

When you provide your contact details to us when requesting information about our products or services, either via the telephone, our online forms or face-to-face.
When you purchase a subscription or single issue of Garden Design magazine. 
When you sign up for our free Garden Design email newsletter. 
When you enter a contest or giveaway on our website. 
When you partner with us to promote your club, event, trip or nursery. 

The types of personal data we collect

Email
Full name
Mailing address
Phone number
Contact details

Our products are not directed at children and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 16. We do not collect any special categories of personal data, as defined under the GDPR.
How we use your personal data
We may use your personal data for the following purposes: 




Purpose


Lawful basis for processing




				To fulfill a query, request for services and/or to administer our services	
			

				For the performance of a contract or agreement
			



				To maintain records of prospective, current and past subscribers 		
			

				Our Legitimate Interests, which we have balanced with the interests of our subscribers	
			



				To track your use of our websites and interaction with our newsletters. For example, to understand which newsletter content is most popular with our email audience. (Please also see our Cookie Policy).	 		
			

				Our Legitimate Interests, which we have balanced with the interests of our subscribers	
			



				To send email newsletters to you, if you have signed up via the Garden Design website		 		
			

				Your consent		
			



About our email newsletter
At Garden Design our email newsletter is permission-based. Our newsletter is sent via Campaign Monitor, an email marketing platform that also stores your information. You can unsubscribe at any point by clicking on the unsubscribe link on any email you receive from us. Alternatively, you can unsubscribe by emailing dayna@gardendesign.com. 
Your rights concerning your personal data
You have the right to access, rectify or erase any personal data we may hold. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, or are concerned about the manner in which we have collected and used your personal data, please contact us using this information:Email: dayna@gardendesign.comAddress: 1090 5th Street, Calimesa, CA 92320Phone: 855-624-5110
If you are unsatisfied with how we have handled your personal data you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Where we store your personal data
We store and process your personal data at our offices in Calimesa, California and at other sites in the United States. Rest assured that we always store personal data in a secure environment to prevent unauthorized access.
How we keep your personal data secure
Garden Design takes the protection of your personal data seriously. Garden Design may use external data service providers to process personal data on our behalf. When doing so we have agreements in place to protect the data. Any data transfers to external service providers are conducted by secure means. Feel free to contact us if you’d like to know which service providers we are currently working with. 
Sharing and storing of your personal data
We will not share, sell or rent your information with third parties to use for marketing purposes without your explicit consent. If required by law, we may release your personal data.
We will only store personal data for as long as is necessary. How long we keep data will vary according to the purposes it is used for. We routinely clean our email newsletter list to remove those who are not engaged.
Log files
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's browser type, referring page, and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Review our Cookie Policy.
External links
Please be aware that if you use a link to go from our website to another website, or you request a service from a third party, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply. Your browsing and interaction on any other website is subject to that website’s rules and policies.
Updates to this Policy
We keep our Privacy Policy updated to take account of changes to our processing or new regulations. We encourage you to review it periodically. If we make any important changes to this Policy, we will communicate this to you where possible.
Last updated: June 2018


