WELCOME PRIVACY POLICYOCTOBER 15, 2014 WELCOME is a community platform that connects travelers and locals. Locals can be hired by travelers to provide rides to them. This Welcome Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any information submitted to us or collected through your use of Welcome. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may revise it without notice. This privacy policy was last revised in October, 2014. The information addressed in this Privacy Policy includes “Personal Information,” which is information about you that is personally identifiable such as your full name, physical address or e-mail address, as well as “Non-Identifiable Information,” which is information that may be associated with or linked to a specific Welcome reservation but does not by itself permit the identification of individual persons (e.g., demographic, interest, or site usage information). This Privacy Policy does not pertain to any information that is publicly available on or through Welcome.User ConsentBy accessing or otherwise using Welcome, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the associated Terms of Service http://www.welcomepickups.com/pages/terms-of-use). You expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information and Anonymous Information according to this Privacy Policy. Your Personal Information may be processed by us in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.Information Submitted to WelcomeIn general, we collect both Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information that you submit to us voluntarily through Welcome. We collect information that you submit in the process of creating your order on Welcome. For example, our reservation process requires you to provide us with your name and a valid email address. If you send an e-mail to us, or fill out our “Contact us” form through Welcome, we will collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail, including attached files, and other information you provide. When you participate in contests, sweepstakes, or other activities that we make available on Welcome, we will collect the information designated along with such activity, which may include your Personal Information to permit us to contact you in connection with that activity. If you choose to sign up to receive information about products or services that may be of interest to you, we will collect your email address and all related information.Information from Other SourcesWe may receive information, including Personal Information, about you from other sources with which you have registered, companies with whom we have partnered (collectively, “Partners”) or other third parties. We may associate this information with the other Personal Information we have collected about you. Welcome will treat this information in the same manner as we treat the information we collect directly from you. However, please remember that the third party providers of such information handle it according to their own privacy policies.Information Collected Via TechnologyAs you use Welcome, certain technical and usage information may be collected from you, including your Internet protocol address, browser type, and operating system. We also use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and viewed, or on which of the advertisements displayed on Welcome you clicked. This type of information is collected to make Welcome and its solutions more useful to you and to tailor the Welcome experience to meet your special interests and needs. An “Internet protocol address” or “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. In some cases your IP Address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if you use a consumer internet access provider, your IP Address probably varies from session to session. We, or our service providers, may track your IP Address when you access Welcome to assist with ad targeting. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience with Welcome. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions. In order to use our services offered through Welcome, your web browser must accept Cookies. If you choose to disable Cookies, some aspects of Welcome may not work properly, and you will not be able to receive our services. We may also enable third-party advertising networks, advertisers and ad servers to promote third-party products and/or services by placing advertisements on Welcome. These advertisers and ad servers may use their own Cookies and/or “Web Beacons” (which are usually small, transparent graphic images) in order to monitor information related to those advertisements and your use of Welcome. Clicking on such advertisements will direct you to the website of a third-party and the advertiser. This Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy practices of any advertisers or ad servers. For more information about third-party advertising, and to exercise your choices regarding advertising customization by third-party ad networks, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website. (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)Aggregate InformationAdditionally, we may use your Non-Identifiable Information in connection with compiling Aggregate Information about general site usage in order to perform statistical analysis to help us analyze patterns in the use of Welcome. Such Aggregate Information will not include your Personal Information.Welcome’s Use of InformationIn general, both the Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information you submit to us is used to provide you access to Welcome, to improve Welcome, to better tailor the features, performance, and support of Welcome and to offer you additional information, opportunities, promotions and functionality from us, our partners or our advertisers. We may use this e-mail address to contact you, for things such as notifications of limited edition shop sales, changes to Welcome policies, and other types of service and/or legal notices. You may indicate your preference to stop receiving further promotional communications as further detailed below.Welcome’s Disclosure of InformationPersonal Information. We may provide your Personal Information to third-party service providers who work on behalf of or with us to provide some of the services and features of Welcome and to help us communicate with you. Examples of such services include sending email, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing payments (including credit card payments), and providing customer service. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our third-party partners, those with whom we have a co-branding or promotional relationship, or other third-parties about whom you are otherwise notified and do not request to opt out of such sharing. We require our third-party service providers to promise not to use such non-public information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us. Non-Identifiable Information: This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of Non-Identifiable Information in any way, and we reserve the right to use and disclose Non-Identifiable Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties in our discretion. Specifically, we may use any of the Non-Identifiable Information you provide or that we collect from you or third parties to assist us in recommending content or connections, and we may disclose Non-Identifiable Information to third-parties who assist us in delivering you more relevant advertising and content. Mergers or Acquisitions/Change of Control: Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control, we may in the future, and we may share some or all of your Personal Information with these companies, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy. In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of ours, or their agents, may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Responding to Legal Process and Related Disclosures: We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with laws or to respond to subpoenas, court orders, warrants or other legal demands or to establish or defend Welcome from legal claims; or (b) to protect and defend our rights or property, you, or third parties from fraud, abuse or violations of the Terms of Service or illegal acts; or (c) to protect the safety or integrity of Welcome, its users, the public or other parties as it is deemed appropriate, in our sole discretion. You hereby consent to our sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein. Third Party Sites and AdvertisingWelcome may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party websites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website they visit. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through Welcome and does not apply to these third-party websites. The ability to access information of third-parties from Welcome, or links to other websites or locations, is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such third-parties, their products, their services, other websites, locations or their content.Your Choices Regarding Your Personal InformationWe offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information. When you receive promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further promotional communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated email preferences, we may send you administrative emails regarding Welcome, including, for example, administrative confirmations, and notices of updates to our Privacy Policy if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner. You may request deletion of your Personal Information by contacting us at support@dopios.com, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request, only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete Personal Information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.FeedbackIf you provide feedback to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.SecurityWe are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Even though we have taken significant steps to protect your Personal Information, no company, including us, can fully eliminate security risks to Personal Information.