
                Your privacy is important to us. Lexus Australia, a division of Toyota Motor Corporation Australia Limited ('Lexus Australia') will collect your personal information directly from you. This may take place in a number of ways, such as when you interact with us in writing (including if you give us a written order), or ask us to provide a product or service or otherwise deal with us over the telephone or internet.

Our web site may also offer interactive facilities, such as customer enquiry or comment forms and competition entry forms, where personal information may be collected. If you enter our competitions using your social media account (where available), we may collect information about you from your social media profile. In these cases, cookies may collect and store personal information about you and unless you tell us that you don't want it used for direct marketing purposes, may be used for those purposes.

In addition, we may obtain personal information of customers and prospective customers from third parties such as our dealers and distributors, contractors and regulatory authorities, and from marketing and similar lists which are legally acquired by us.

Lexus Australia (including its related bodies corporate) collects personal information for a range of purposes relating to the products and services it offers. Those purposes include:

responding to enquiries regarding vehicles and vehicle sales, products, accessories and services we offer
receiving feedback and dealing with complaints
processing orders and administering accounts
providing customer and dealer support
considering job applicants for current and future employment
vehicle warranties and product recalls
marketing and promotional activities including operating the Encore privileges programme
product development and market research
managing our relationships with our dealers, suppliers and stakeholders
meeting our regulatory and legal obligations.
If we are not able to collect your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services or do business with you or the organisation with which you are connected. Your consent to receive marketing and promotional communications will be deemed if you do not opt out when we offer you the opportunity to do so and will remain current for an indefinite period of time unless and until you advise us otherwise. You can opt-out of receiving direct marketing at any time by contacting us using any of the methods below.

In conducting our activities, we may sometimes need to disclose your personal information to others. Examples of the types of organisations we may need to disclose information to are:

Lexus Australia's related bodies corporate (including our parent company Toyota Motor Corporation in Japan)
Lexus Australia dealers
parts suppliers
insurers and financiers
a person outside Lexus Australia who is contracted to us to provide a particular service on our behalf
organisations or individuals that provide Encore Privileges to members of Lexus Australia's Encore Privileges Program from time to time.
Some of our service providers and related bodies corporate are located overseas, including our parent company Toyota Motor Corporation in Japan. As a result, personal information collected and held by Lexus Australia may be transferred overseas. In particular, we use service providers located overseas to store customer data, including in Japan.

Your information will be handled in accordance with Lexus Australia's Privacy Policy. A copy of Lexus Australia's Privacy Policy can be accessed herehttp://www.lexus.com.au/smallprint/privacy.The Privacy Policy explains how you may access and seek correction of the information Lexus Australia holds about you. The Privacy Policy also explains how you may complain about the manner in which Lexus Australia has collected or handled your information and how Lexus Australia will investigate and respond to your complaint.


Contact Us:

You can contact Lexus Australia by:

Emailing us at: enquiries@lexusenquiries.com.au

Writing to us at:
Lexus Customer Assistance Centre 
PO Box 1676
North Sydney NSW 2059

Telephoning us on: 1800 023 009
            
