
                    our use of cookies and web beacons
                
Cookies are small files that websites save to your hard disk or to your browser's memory. Our websites may use them to track the number of times you have visited the website, to track the number of visitors to the website, to determine and analyze visitors' use of our websites, to store data that you provide (such as your preferences), and to store technical information related to your interactions with our websites. We may also use session cookies, which are deleted when you close your browser, to store your user ID, to facilitate your movement around our websites (particularly in connection with information searches and order placement) and other information useful in administering the session.

Our sites also may contain electronic images known as Web beacons—sometimes called single-pixel gifs—that allow us to count the number of users who have visited those pages. We may include Web beacons in promotional email messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon, including whether the recipient clicked on a link in the email or forwarded the email to another person.

Adjusting Browser Settings to Manage Cookies or Send “Do Not Track” Signals:
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your computer. If you choose not to accept cookies, you may not be able to experience all of the features of our websites. Internet browsers also enable you to delete existing cookies, although this means that your existing settings (including stored user IDs and other preferences) will be lost.  Some web browsers may also give you the ability to enable a “do not track” setting. This setting sends a signal to the websites you encounter while web browsing. This “do not track” signal is different from disabling certain forms of tracking by declining cookies in your browser settings, as browsers with the “do not track” setting enabled may still accept cookies. Chevron does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals at this time. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Privacy Statement.
