
            our use of personal data
                
We will use personal data only for the purposes set forth below.

Services and transactions. We use personal data to deliver services or execute transactions you request, such as providing information about Chevron products and services, processing orders, answering customer service requests, facilitating use of our websites, and so forth. In order to offer you a more consistent experience in interacting with Chevron, information collected by our websites may be combined with information we collect by other means.

Website improvement. We may use data about you to improve our websites (including our security measures) and related products or services, or to make our websites easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information, or by customizing our websites to your particular preference or interests.

Marketing Communications. With your permission, we may use personal data to inform you of products or services available from Chevron. When collecting information that might be used to contact you about our products and services, we give you the opportunity to opt-out from receiving such communications. Moreover, each email communication we send includes an unsubscribe link allowing you to stop delivery of that type of communication. If you elect to unsubscribe, we will remove you from the relevant list within 10 business days.

Employment Applications. In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with data about yourself, including your educational background, résumé or curriculum vitae, and other information, including your ethnicity where required or permitted by law. We may use this information throughout Chevron, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and its joint ventures for the purpose of employment consideration. We will keep the information for future consideration unless you direct us not to do so.
Where we reference that we use your personal information in connection with a request, order, transaction or agreement (or preparing for the same), or to provide you with services that you requested (such as a website), we do this because it is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you.

Where we reference that we use your personal information in relation to marketing, improvement or development of our products or services, for reasons of safety and security, or regulatory requirements other than in connection with your agreement or request, we do this on the basis of our or a third party’s legitimate interests, or with your consent.


