
Our business has been built on trust between our customers and ourselves. To preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us, we maintain the following privacy principles: 

We only collect personal information that we believe to be relevant and required to understand your financial needs and to conduct our business.
We use your personal information to provide you with better customer services and products.
We may pass your personal information to other HSBC Group companies or agents, as permitted by law.
We will not disclose your personal information to any external organisation unless we have your consent or are required by law or have previously informed you.
We may be required from time to time to disclose your personal information to Governmental or judicial bodies or agencies or our regulators, but we will only do so under proper authority.
We aim to keep your personal information on our records accurate and up-to-date.
We maintain strict security systems designed to prevent unauthorised access to your personal information by anyone, including our staff.
All HSBC Group companies, all our staff and all third parties with permitted access to your information are specifically required to observe our confidentiality obligations.

 
By maintaining our commitment to these principles, we at HSBC will ensure that we respect the inherent trust that you place in us. 
 
Your Privacy Matters to Us 
This section provides specific details of how we treat any personal information you might wish to provide us when you visit this site. 
 
Data Security 
Security is our top priority. The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited ('the Bank') will strive at all times to ensure that your personal data will be protected against unauthorised or accidental access, processing or erasure. We maintain this commitment to data security by implementing appropriate physical, electronic and managerial measures to safeguard and secure your personal data. 

      The secure area of our website supports the use of Secure SocketLayer(SSL)protocol and 128-encryption technology - an industry standard for encryption over the Internet to protect data. When you provide sensitive information such as credit card details, it will be automatically converted into codes before being securely dispatched over the Internet. 

      Our web servers are protected behind "firewalls" and our systems are monitored to prevent any unauthorised access. We will not send personal information to you by ordinary email. As the security of ordinary email cannot be guaranteed, you should only send email to us using the secure email facility on our website. 

      All practical steps will be taken to ensure that personal data will not be kept longer than necessary and that the Bank will comply with all statutory and regulatory requirements in the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka concerning the retention of personally identifiable information. 
 
Security Assurance 
Both you and HSBC play an important role in protecting against online fraud. You should be careful that your bank account details including your User ID and/or Password are not compromised by ensuring that you do not knowingly or accidentally share, provide or facilitate unauthorised use of it. Do not share your User ID and/or password or allow access or use of it by others. We endeavor to put in place high standards of security to protect your interests. If, in the unlikely event, unauthorised transactions have been conducted through your account through no fraud, fault or negligence on your part, we will see that you are covered for your direct loss up to the full amount of the unauthorised transaction. 

      You should safeguard your unique User ID and Password by keeping it secret and confidential. Never write them down or share these details with anyone. HSBC will never ask you for your Internet Banking Password, in order to ensure that you are the only person who knows this information. When choosing your unique User ID and Password for the first time, do not create it using easily identifiable information such as your birthday, telephone number or a recognisable part of your name. If you think your User ID and/or password has been disclosed to a third party, is lost or stolen and unauthorised transactions may have been conducted, you are responsible to inform us immediately. 
 
Collection of Personal Information
Use of "cookies"

      our visit to this site may be recorded for analysis on the number of visitors to the site and general usage patterns. Some of this information will be gathered through the use of "cookies". Cookies are small bits of information that are automatically stored on a person's web browser in their computer that can be retrieved by this site. Should you wish to disable these cookies you may do so by changing the setting on your browser. However, you will be unable to enter certain part(s) of our website, including online@hsbc. Marketing Promotions 

      Occasionally we may collect personal information from visitors to this site and those individuals that participate in a contest or promotion (online or over the telephone, or at one of our branches). Such information is only collected from individuals who voluntarily provide us with their personal information. We may use this information to advise them of products, services and other marketing materials, which we think, may be of interest to them. We may also invite visitors to this site to participate in market research and surveys and other similar activities. 

      You can choose to receive marketing and other promotional materials by email. If you do receive email or promotional direct mailings, you will always have an opportunity to opt-out. 

      If at any time you would like us to cease sending you direct mailings, please contact our representatives at our Call Centre by calling 2 511 611. We will then, at no cost to you, act on your request within 30 days and ensure that you are not included in future direct marketing promotions. 
 
If we do ask you to provide personal information, we will always specify the purpose for which such personal information is collected and ensure that it is only used for the purpose specified at the time of collection. 
 
Our Information Collection Statement 
This Statement is made by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited ('the Bank') in accordance with the Laws of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka. The Statement is intended to notify you why personal data is collected, how it will be used and to whom data access requests are to be addressed. 
 
a. Why we collect your data - we collect your personal information to carry out and administer our services to you and in an effort to improve your customer experience. Without such data the Bank may be unable to open or continue accounts or establish or continue banking facilities or provide banking services. 

      b. Data is also collected from customers in the ordinary course of business to continue the banking relationship, for example, when customers write cheques or deposit money. 

      c. How your data may be used - Data relating to a customer may be used to: 

      i. Facilitate the daily operation of the services and credit facilities provided to customers; 

      ii. conduct credit checks; 

      iii. assist other financial institutions to conduct credit checks and collect debts; 

      iv. ensure ongoing credit worthiness of customers; 

      v. design financial services or related products for customers' use; 

      vi. market financial services or related products; 

      vii. determine the amount of indebtedness owed to or by customers; 

      viii. collect amounts outstanding from customers and those providing security for customers' obligations; 

      ix. meet the disclosure requirements of any law binding on the Bank or any of its branches; 

      x. enable an actual or proposed assignee of the Bank, or participant or sub-participant of the Bank's rights in respect of the customer to evaluate the transaction intended to be the subject of the assignment, participation or sub-participation; and 
xi. to fulfil any other purposes relating thereto. 

      d. Disclosure of your personal information - Information held by the Bank relating to a customer will be kept confidential but the Bank may provide such information to the following parties for the purposes set out in paragraph (c): 
      i. any agent, contractor or third party service provider who provides administrative, telecommunications, computer, payment or securities clearing or other services to the Bank in connection with the operation of its business; 

      ii. any other person under a duty of confidentiality to the Bank including a group company of the Bank which has undertaken to keep such information confidential; 

      iii. the drawee bank providing a copy of a paid cheque (which may contain information about the payee) to the drawer; 

      iv. credit reference agencies, and, in the event of default, to debt collection agencies; 

      v. any person to whom the Bank is under an obligation to make disclosure under the requirements of any law binding on the Bank or any of its branches; and 

      vi. any actual or proposed assignee of the Bank or participant or sub-participant or transferee of the Bank's rights in respect of the customer. 

      e. Data access requests - under the Laws of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, any individual has the right: 

      i. to check whether the Bank holds data about them and of access to such data; 

      ii. to require the Bank to correct any data relating to them which is inaccurate; 

      iii. to ascertain the Bank's policies and practices in relation to data and to be informed of the kind of personal data held by the Bank; and 

      iv. in relation to consumer credit, to request to be informed which items of data are routinely disclosed to credit reference agencies or debt collection agencies, and be provided with further information to enable the making of an access and correction request to the relevant credit reference agency or debt collection agency.

      f.
      In accordance with the Laws of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, the Bank has the right to charge a reasonable fee for the processing of any data access request. 

      g.
      Nothing in this Statement shall limit the rights of customers under the Laws of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka. 

Contact Us  

      Requests for access to data or correction of data or for information regarding policies and practices and kinds of data held should be addressed to: 

      Manager Personal Banking 
      The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking 
      Corporation Limited
      24 Sir Baron Jayatilaka Mawatha
      Colombo 01
      Sri Lanka 

IMPORTANT: By accessing this website and any of its pages you are agreeing to the terms set out above. Thank you for choosing HSBC.  

