

                SafeFinder Privacy Policy
            

                [Last Updated: May 21, 2018]
            

                The company ("Company", "we" or "us") is the owner of the well-known
                SafeFinder search application, including a search toolbar or search box,
                default search features as well as Home Page and New Tab features ("Search
                Application") and the SafeFinder website available at http://safefinder.com
                ("Website") ("Website" and "Search Application" shall collectively be referred to as "	Service"). We respect your privacy, and we understand the
                importance of the information you entrust to us. This Privacy Policy ("	Privacy Policy") describes our practices concerning the
                information collected by us through the use of (i) our Website; (ii) our
                Search Applications in which you can access our search services.
            

                This Privacy Policy is a legally binding agreement between you ("you" or
                "user") and us.
            

                By using the Services and by accepting this Privacy Policy and the EULA,
                you also consent to the following privacy policy of Yahoo, whose product is
                offered to you as part of the Services (as explained in the EULA). We
                recommend that you review such privacy policy. Yahoo privacy policy,
                available in the following link:
                
                    https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/search/details.html
                
                ("Third Party's Policies"). Nothing herein shall deem to
                imply an affiliation between us and any third parties whose products are
                included in the Services.
            

                The definitions in the end user license agreement apply to this Privacy
                Policy unless stated otherwise. IN ADDITION TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE
                REVIEW OUR END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WHICH ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY
                REFERENCE, TOGETHER WITH SUCH OTHER POLICIES OF WHICH YOU MAY BE NOTIFIED
                OF BY US FROM TIME TO TIME.
            

                Below we describe what information we collect when you use our Services,
                how we protect that information, how long we retain it, with whom do we
                share it, and what your privacy options are.
            

                We will continue to evaluate this Privacy Policy against new technologies,
                business practices, and our users' needs, and may make changes to the
                Privacy Policy accordingly. Please check this page periodically for
                updates. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will
                post the updated Privacy Policy here, along with its updated date, and
                notify you by means of a notice on our Website. Your continued use of the
                Services after our posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means that you
                agree to be bound by such changes.
            

                We have included below information about which data is collected, how we
                process and use your data, but before we would like to explain the basis on
                which we do so:
            

                1) Where you sign up for any of our services, we process your personal data
                in order to perform our contract with you;
            

                2) If we have a legitimate interest in processing data, such as for direct
                marketing or online identifiers; or
            

                3) We will also process your personal data where you have provided us with
                consent to do so.
            

What information do we collect about you?


Non-Personal Information


                The first type of information we collect is
                aggregated, non-personal non-identifiable information which may be made
                available or gathered via the users' use of the Services ("	Non-Personal Information"). We are not aware of the
                identity of the user from which the Non-Personal Information is collected.
                We may disclose or share this information with third parties as specified
                below and solely if applicable. We collect the following Non-Personal
                Information from you when you access or use the Services: the type of
                browser you are using as well as operating system, your time zone, the date
                and time you access the Service, screen resolution, browser and operating
                system language, default search, country, etc.
            

                We also collect information regarding your usage of the Services locally on
                your device, this information includes, among others, pages browsed and
                content viewed, offers and services that interest you, the time and date of
                your search, etc.
            

Personal Information


                The second type of information is individually
                identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual
                or entity or may with reasonable effort identify an individual ("	Personal Information"). The Personal Information we
                collect on or through the Services includes the following:
            


Contact Information:
                    if you voluntarily contact us, you might provide us with your contact
                    information such as your name and e-mail address, etc. we will use this
                    information in order to respond to your request and support your needs
                    as well as to send you updates and other commercial messages.
                

                    "Identifiers": we may collect certain identifiers such
                    as your IP addresses.
                


                Note that, while these identifiers are considered personally identifiable
                information in many jurisdictions (such as the EEA), there are some
                jurisdictions in which such data sets are not considered as Personal Data.
                Therefore, we treat such information as Personal Data, in accordance with
                applicable laws. The data collected may be also stored on your device.
                Please see opt - out options below.
            

                The Personal Information voluntary provided by you is used solely to
                correspond with you and comply with your requests.
            

                For avoidance of doubt, in the event Non-Personal Information is combined
                with Personal Information we will treat it as Personal Information as long
                as it is combined.
            




How do we use the information we collect?


                We use the Personal Information we collect from and about you for a variety
                of purposes, including to:
            

                • verify your eligibility for our Services;
            

                • respond to your queries with the best possible answers and search
                results;
            

                • understand our users and provide a better Service;
            

                • the legitimate interest of operating and updating the Service and
                provide you with existing and new functionality and features;
            

                • administer our Services, diagnose technical problems and otherwise
                manage our business;
            

                • to provide you with communications that you have requested or that
                may be of interest to you in accordance with your preferences.
            

                We may also generate, use and disclose aggregated or anonymized information
                and statistics about your use of the Services to third parties for
                analytical and strategic purposes. However, no user of our Services will be
                individually identifiable from the aggregated or anonymized information and
                statistics.
            

                We collect Non-Personal Information for the following purposes
            

                · The legitimate interest of operating the service.
            


                    To provide the Search Application and Website.
                

                    To perform research, analytics or for statistical purposes.
                

                    To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical
                    issues.
                





How do we share the information we collect?


                We will not share the Personal Information collected about you with any
                third party for their own marketing purposes without your consent. We will
                share your information in the following ways:
            

                •
                
                    Our suppliers, subcontractors and business partners ("Service
                    Providers"):
                
                We may share your data with our Services Providers who process your
                information to provide services to us or on our behalf. We have contracts
                with our Service Providers that prohibit them from sharing the information
                about you that they collect or that we provide to them with anyone else, or
                using it for other purposes.
            

                •
                
                    Our Search Partners (e.g., search engine and feed providers, content
                    providers, etc
                
                .): If you have installed a Search Application, our Search Application
                partners may collect or receive information about you including the queries
                you submit via the Services, the Search Application functionality or
                website, the version of your Search Application or your browser settings,
                the search results and ads you click on, and the address of the web pages
                you previously visited. Oath may use cookies when you use their services
                through our software, for more information please review the applicable
                privacy policy:
                
                    https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/products/searchservices/index.html
                


                • Fraud prevention: We may disclose the personal information we
                collect about our users when we believe disclosure is necessary to
                investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected illegal or fraudulent
                activity or to protect the safety, rights, or property of us, our users, or
                others.
            

                • Law enforcement purposes: If requested or required by government
                authorities, such as law enforcement authorities, courts, or regulators, or
                otherwise to comply with the law, we may disclose any information we have
                about our users. We also may disclose information collected about you in
                order to exercise or protect legal rights or defend against legal claims.
            

                • Sale or merger of our business: We may transfer your personal
                information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in
                a corporate restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger, or other transfer of
                assets).
            

                • We may disclose or share identifiers collected by us (as detailed
                above), for the purpose of operating our business and providing the
                Services, as well as to calculate
                payments and detect fraud, security or technical issues in connection with
                the Service;
            

Cookies and Online Advertising


                We use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons and other such similar technologies
                to collect and store the information we automatically collect about your
                computer, device and Service usage. A cookie is a small text file that is
                stored on your computer and a pixel tag is a tiny graphic with a unique
                identifier, embedded invisibly on a webpage.
            

                There are two broad categories of cookies: (1) first party cookies, served
                directly by us to your computer or device, and (2) third party cookies,
                which are served by a third party.
            

                Cookies may store search queries made through the Service, the web pages
                you accessed, your interaction with advertisements presented to you via the
                Service, features you used, your session duration and your configurations
                and preferences of the Service. Such cookies and other technologies allow
                us and our partners to recognize you on your next use of, access or visit
                to the Service or on your visits or access to our partner's network. In
                addition, our cookies enable us to recognize you when you visit our Site
                and to store your preferences and settings. We use third party cookies for
                functionality, performance or analytics, advertising and social media
                purposes. Cookies from advertising companies, for example, help to ensure
                that the advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your
                interests.
            

                Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies but you can reset your
                browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a cookie is sent.
                However, some functions of the Service may not function properly if your
                cookies are disabled.
            

                We solely use third party Cookies, such as	Google Analytics, Google's policies located at:
                
                    www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
                
                . We also recommend you to read about Google Analytics' currently available
                opt-outs available at:	 

                    https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
                
 
                and Oath, which it's privacy policy available here:
                
                    https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/search/details.html
                

                    and the opt out is available herein:
                

                    https://aim.yahoo.com/aim/us/en/optout/
                
                .
            

User Rights


                Applicable data protection and privacy laws may provide you with the
                ability to exercise some user rights regarding your Personal Information
                collected by the Company (which might be different in each jurisdiction).
                The user rights are as follow;
            

(i)
                you may request to access your Personal Information that we hold;	 (ii) you may request the
                rectification of your Personal Data that we hold; (iii)
                you may request the erasure of your Personal Information that we hold (as
                long as we do not have a legitimate reason for retaining the data);	(iv) you may request to restrict processing of your
                Personal Information; (v) you may object to processing of
                your Personal Information by us; (vi) you may request to
                exercise your right of data portability; (vii) you may
                exercise your right to file a complaint to a supervisory authority in your
                jurisdiction; and (viii) you have the right to withdraw
                consent.
            




                To exercise any of the above user rights, please contact us at:
                support@safefinder.com. In the event you make such request, note that we may
                require certain information from you in order to verify your identity and
                locate your data and that the process of locating and deleting the data may
                take up until one (1) month, in accordance with applicable laws. Data
                privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with
                different or additional rights related to the data we collect from you,
                which may also apply. Please note we may charge a small fee for such
                request, all in accordance with applicable laws.
            

Transfer of Data


                The Service is provided over the Internet and we may store and process
                information in various locations throughout the globe (including locally on
                your device as well as by using third party servers). If you are a resident
                of a European Union Member State or another jurisdiction where transfer of
                your Personal Information to another jurisdiction requires your consent,
                then your consent to this Privacy Policy includes your express consent to
                such transfer of your data. We will take appropriate steps to ensure that
                your Personal Information receives an adequate level of data protection
                upon its transfer outside of the EEA.
            

How do we keep the information we collect secure?


                Your privacy is very important to the Company and therefore we are
                committed to protecting your Personal Information from unauthorized access,
                use or disclosure. We have implemented physical, technical and
                administrative security measures for the Services that comply with
                applicable laws and industry standards. The Personal Information collected
                by the Company is stored in the Google Big Query Cloud servers, for more
                information regarding the data security provided by Google, please see:
                
                    https://cloud.google.com/security/
                
                .
            

                Company seeks to minimize the amount of data that it stores on its servers
                in the first place. If you feel that your privacy was treated not in
                accordance with our policy, or if any person attempted gain unauthorized
                access to the Personal Information please contact us at: support@safefinder.com


                Further, in the event of a data incident, in which we discover your
                Personal Information may be at risk, then we will take reasonable efforts
                to notify you and the applicable authority (if required, subject to
                applicable laws).
            

How long do we keep the information we collect?


                We retain the Non-Personal Information we collect about and from you for as
                long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or
                comply with a legal request. We may also choose to anonymize certain of the
                information you provide to us so that it can no longer be attributed to you
                if we would like to retain it for longer periods of time.
            

                Further, we retain your Personal Information such as IP Address, for up
                until a period of six (6) months, all in accordance with applicable laws.
            




Do Not Track Disclosure


                The Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals. For more information
                about Do Not Track signals, please see	http://www.allaboutdnt.com/.
            

Minors


                You represent and warrant that, (i) if you are located within the US, you
                are at least 13 years of age; or if you are located in any other GEO, you
                are above the age defined as "child" under applicable laws in your
                jurisdiction (collectively "Child" or "	Children"); and (ii) you are of legal competence to enter
                into this Privacy Policy. If you are under 18, please be sure to read the
                terms of this Privacy Policy with your parents or legal guardians. The
                Services are not directed or intended for Children, as defined under
                applicable law, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit information from
                children. If we obtain actual knowledge that a User is considered as a
                Child under applicable law, we will take steps to immediately delete such
                User's Personal Information. If you become aware or have any reason to
                believe that a Child has shared any information with us, please contact us
                at: support@safefinder.com.
            

Amendments and Updates


                We may, from time to time, change this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to
                visit and review this Privacy Policy frequently to stay informed. We will
                update the "Last updated" date at the title of this Privacy Policy. Your
                continued use of the Service after any change takes effect will indicate
                your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any
                of the amended terms, you must avoid any further use of the Service.
            




Contact Us


                If you have any concerns or questions with respect to any matter covered by
                this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email at: support@safefinder.com


Data Protection Officer


                Our data protection officer's contact details are: dpo@safefinder.com.com
            

