

The Privacy Policy of SecretsofSushi.com was last updated on August 4th, 2015.
Our visitor’s privacy is of the utmost importance. This document outlines the types of information collected and the uses for said information. This document is intended to help reassure our visitors about sharing their personal information.
Personal Information
SecretsofSushi.com only collects personal information on a voluntary basis from our visitors. Information may include, but is not limited to, name, state or province, country, and email address.
Information is only collected if the visitor requests additional information, participates in a contest or competition, or signs up for the newsletter.
Removing or Correcting Information
This policy is a statement of the commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information and would like it deleted or would like to update that information, please visit the Contact Us page and fill out the form.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the site’s pages, or register with any of our site’s services, a cookie enables secretsofsushi.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic. They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site.
We may serve third-party advertisements that use cookies and web beacons in the course of ads being served on our web site to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement. No personally identifiable information you give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so the advertisers cannot personally identify you with that information on our web site.
Some third-party advertisements may be provided by Google, which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the DART cookie, which enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn’t cause a problem with our site, should you so choose.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 18. We operate our site in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 18 years of age.
Disclaimer
Eating raw or under-cooked food has been linked to food-borne illnesses. SecretsofSushi.com, or any of its staff, is not liable for any illnesses related to eating suggested food(s) on this site. Women who are pregnant or nursing are advised not to consume raw fish or shellfish, as it may lead to complications to the pregnancy. Please consult your physician for further details or advice on consuming raw fish.
Links
This website contains occasional, outbound links to 3rd party websites. Please be sure to read their policies, as it may differ from ours. SecretsofSushi.com is not held liable for the use of personal information by our affiliate websites. However, rest assured that each website, contained within the links, has been inspected and passed a rigorous application process.
Agreement
If for any reason you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions of this site, please do not use this site or any of it’s services offered by this site.
Your use of this site indicates that you accept the Privacy Policy in it’s entirety.
Thank you for your time and enjoy your experience here at SecretsofSushi.com!
Comments comments

