Last updated: 10th April 2018
We, Camelot, are regulated by the Gambling Commission. Our Privacy Policy allows us to operate in compliance with this regulation when handling all personal information collected by us or submitted by you online on the National Lottery website ('Website') or on the National Lottery mobile application software (‘App’) once you have downloaded a copy of the App onto your mobile device. Your privacy is really important to us. We handle your information securely and confidentially, and we will not sell your information to third parties.
Before you use our Website, the App or buy National Lottery games, we ask that you read and understand the terms of this Policy. This Policy covers the National Lottery Website, App and services. Please note that when you provide information (or, if you buy National Lottery games using the Barclay’s Pingit app (‘Pingit’) and allow us to collect information about you), you also consent to us using it and contacting you (by email, post or telephone) for the purposes set out in this Policy and you agree that this will not constitute a breach of the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back regularly. If the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.
You acknowledge that you have read and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Your information

We’ll collect your information when you open an online account on our Website, download our App, register with us via our Customer Care Team, and play our games including via the App. If you buy National Lottery games using Pingit, you agree to Barclays providing us with information about you in line with the Barclays Pingit Terms and Conditions you have accepted. The information can include your name, email address, date of birth, username and password, answers to security questions, bank account, debit card, driving licence and contact details, together with details about your playing behaviour and transaction/game history relating to your playing of lottery games, and any information you send us via the Website feedback function.
In addition, when you visit our Website and when sending HTML emails to you, we may collect the number given to your computer or device on the internet, known as an Internet Protocol address. We may also automatically collect your device’s advertising identifier when you use our App.
Back to the top

How we use your information

The information we collect means that we can:
set up and run your account to enable you to play games online, in our App and/or by Direct Debit,
provide lottery services and games,
notify you if you win, about changes or information relating to your account, or changes to our services,
check you are entitled to use your debit card, if you have provided one,
promote our games and services,
ensure the Website and App are optimised to enable the best experience for you while using them and playing our games, and
personalise marketing and other notifications to make our communications more relevant.
If you have consented, we can also ask your views on the services we offer, and enhance market research.
When you open your account you can decide whether you want to receive information about our projects, games and services by email. You can opt out of these communications at any time by choosing unsubscribe on promotional email communications or sending an email to help@national-lottery.co.uk.
You can also opt in and out of App and browser push notifications at any time through your device and browser settings.
If you have any concerns or queries, send an email to help@national-lottery.co.uk or write to the Company Secretary at our address.
Back to the top

Retention of information

We may need to archive certain information about you for legal and regulatory reasons, and to continue to hold it for a number of years after you stop playing National Lottery games and/or close your account. All personal information is held in accordance with the registration we have with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). We also take security very seriously, so while we hold your information we make sure it is safe. Find out more in the Security section below.
Back to the top

Sharing your information

We are sometimes required to share information with the Gambling Commission as a requirement of our operating Licence. If requested by the police or other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities, we are also entitled to share personal information with them.
We will also make some of your information available to other carefully chosen third parties. This will include banks for the operation of your National Lottery account, for setting up your direct debit, or for the purpose of answering questions about your account, authentication agencies to verify your details when you open an account and to check your entitlement to use any debit card registered to your account, or agencies for the purpose of administering and managing your direct debit and online account.
We may also share your information with our marketing partners, including advertisers, advertising networks and platforms and advertising agencies to provide targeted advertising, measure its effectiveness and understand more about the way you interact with our Website and App. You can opt out of this at any time (see our Manage your cookies for details on how to do this).
Whilst we may share your information, we will never sell it.
Be aware that our trusted business partners process your information in line with their own privacy practices. Your information may also be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area. Their laws may not be as strict, or provide the same protection to you as given by the Data Protection Act. You consent to the transfer and processing of your information in these countries.
Back to the top

Security

Security is our priority. Our site is regularly audited independently to maintain security accreditation. We are certified to a number of industry recognised standards, including ISO27001 which maintains the highest levels of security across our entire business.
We are a founding member of the World Lottery Association (WLA) and therefore comply with, and are regularly audited to, the WLA Security Control Standards for our gaming processes.
We also have sophisticated online security controls that maintain confidentiality at all times, specifically for secure card payments. We are certified to the payment card data security standards (PCI-DSS) and never store card details. Instead these are encrypted using industry standard 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption during the payment process. Our entire site is accessed using https rather than http, meaning that all information that is sent and received is encrypted for additional security. You can see this in the address bar of your web browser.
 Back to the top

Cookie Policy

We use cookies and similar technologies to recognise you, your browser and your device. We also allow carefully selected third parties to use cookies, pixels and ad tags while you are browsing our Website and using our App. These collect information about your browsing habits and usage and allow us to show you ads while you are browsing our Website and other sites on the internet. All of our advertising cookies used are described in the cookie list below.
Back to the top

Cookies we use

There are four main types of cookies. Here's how and why we use them:
Strictly Necessary CookiesThese are cookies that are required for the operation of our Website and App. Without these cookies, you will not be able to use some functionality on our Website and App, such as signing into your account.
Performance CookiesThese cookies collect information about how you use our Website or App and help us improve the way our Website and App work by making it easier for you to navigate to and complete various tasks.
Functionality CookiesThese cookies allow us to identify whether you are logged into your National Lottery account and to remember choices you make and your preferences, in order to improve your experience of our Website and App.
Advertising Cookies and PixelsOur carefully selected media partners place third party cookies, pixels and ad tags onto our Website and App on our behalf. These cookies record your visit to our Website and/or App, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We use this information to make our Website and App, and the content displayed on them, more relevant to you. They are also used to limit the number of times you see certain content, as well to measure the effectiveness of our digital campaigns. We may share this analytics information with third parties for these purposes. You can opt out of these cookies and still continue to use the Website and App. More information about these types of cookies and opt out information can be found in Manage your cookies.
Back to the top

Main cookies and other technology

Below is a list of our main partners that may place cookies, pixels or other similar technology on your browser or device when visiting our Website and App:
List of the cookies we use and what we use them for
				  
				  
					
					  Partner name
					  What their cookies are used for
					
				  
				  
					
					  ADNXS (AppNexus)
					  AppNexus is a real time marketing platform that allows advertisers to buy space across a host of websites. The cookies allow you to be synced across the advertising network and receive targeted advertising.
					
					
					  ADOBE
					  Adobe Analytics is a web analytics platform that allows your interactions with the Website to be measured. The cookies are used to identify you.
					
					
					  CTNSNET (CRIMTAN)
					  Crimtan is a real time marketing platform that allows advertisers to buy space across a host of websites. The cookies allows users to be synced across the network, receive targeted advertising and for the effectiveness of such advertising to be measured.
					
					
					  DOUBLECLICK
					  The DoubleClick cookie allows us to record your actions after you have seen or clicked on an ad in order to measure its effectiveness and to serve you with targeted ads based on your visits to our Website.
					
					
					  EGAIN
					  EGain is a web chat platform that allows customer service agents to interact with you. The cookie is used to identify your webchat session.
					
					
					  FACEBOOK PIXEL
					  Facebook pixels are placed on our Website so that when you are on Facebook we can show you advertising that is personalised to you based on your interaction with our Website.
					
					
					  FACEBOOK CUSTOM AUDIENCES
					  If you are opted in to receive email marketing from us, we may pass your email address in a hashed form (a method of protecting your personal data) to Facebook to create custom audiences. This means that Facebook will show you ads that are personalised to you based on your interaction with our Website and measure how you interact with those ads. You may opt-out of Facebook Custom Audiences by following the information provided by Facebook in its Help Centre (www.facebook.com/help/1415256572060999)
					
					
					  REFLOW
					  Scenestealer is a platform that provides advertisers with dynamic rich media and video advertising content. The cookies allow your activity on our Website and App to be stored to enable dynamic ads and for the effectiveness of such advertising to be measured.
					
					
					  ORACLE
					  Oracle Maxymiser is a platform that enables marketers to target and personalise content within a web page. The cookies allow the storing of anonymous profile information, personalisation criteria and your interaction with different campaigns.
					
					
					  OTHER LEVELS
					  OtherLevels is a campaign platform that provides you with message notifications. The cookies are used to identify your browsing session and measure the effectiveness of our notifications to you.
					
					
					  TEALIUM IQ
					  Tealium IQ is tag management system that manages the use of our marketing technology on our Website. The cookies are used to store information about your interaction with our Website.
					
					
					  TEALIUM AUDIENCESTREAM
					  Tealium AudienceStream is a customer segmentation platform that creates user profiles based on your interaction with our Website. The cookies are used to store non identifiable attributes about you.
					
					
					  TWITTER
					  Twitter provides a marketing platform that allows advertisers to buy and send tweets to users. The cookies allow you to be identified, receive targeted advertising and for the effectiveness of such advertising to be measured.
					
					
					  YAHOO
					  Yahoo provides a real time marketing platform that allows advertisers to buy space. The cookie allows you to receive targeted advertising and for its effectiveness to be measured.
					
				  
				
				
				Back to the top

Manage your cookies

For more information about cookies, how to opt out and the steps you can take to protect your privacy on the internet, go to http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/ – the guide to online behavioural advertising and privacy. This website is operated by the Internet Advertising Bureau, the industry body for online advertising. On here you'll find information about how behavioural advertising works, how to opt out, further information about cookies and the steps you can take to protect your privacy on the internet.
If you'd prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from our Website, you can do so in your browser settings. If you choose to disable cookies, then please note that this may limit the way you use our Website. For example, you may have to re-enter information that would have ordinarily been stored as a cookie.
How to control cookies on your desktop:
Internet Explorer cookies information
Safari cookies information
Chrome cookies information
Firefox cookies information
Opera cookies information
How to control cookies on your mobile device:
Apple iOS Safari
Android Chrome
Back to the top
