
We are sometimes required to share information with the Gambling Commission as a requirement of our operating Licence. If requested by the police or other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities, we are also entitled to share personal information with them.
We will also make some of your information available to other carefully chosen third parties. This will include banks for the operation of your National Lottery account, for setting up your direct debit, or for the purpose of answering questions about your account, authentication agencies to verify your details when you open an account and to check your entitlement to use any debit card registered to your account, or agencies for the purpose of administering and managing your direct debit and online account.
We may also share the information with trusted business partners, including marketing partners and third party analytics and advertising providers, who use the information to provide targeted advertising and measure certain data about the way users interact with the website and any App. You can opt out of this at any time (see the Choices section below for details on how to do this).
Third parties analytics and advertising providers referred to above cannot access your personal information or any information that is traceable to an individual player. They are able to access the cookies in your browser when you visit their websites, and your advertising identifiers when you use any App. However, this information remains anonymous and does not allow them to identify you as an individual. It provides an overview of player behaviour in any App and helps us to understand which third party websites bring players to The National Lottery online and whether we’ve placed adverts effectively. It also allows our survey providers to identify players who have taken part in a survey before. Other third parties that we share your information with may be given access to your personal information once appropriate controls have been put in place. 
Whilst we may share your information, we will never sell it.
Be aware that our trusted business partners process your information in line with their own privacy practices. Your information may also be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area. Their laws may not be as strict, or provide the same protection to you as given by the Data Protection Act. You consent to the transfer and processing of your information in these countries.
Back to the top

