


				Terms & Conditions / Privacy
			


DisclaimerThis disclaimer is a legal agreement between you and this site. By downloading fonts from our site or using them you agree you have read and understood that the font or dingbat copyrights belongs to the designer of the related product. In cases where there are no copyright notices, you need to assume that the font is copyrighted. Use of the fonts/dingbats is at your sole responsibility. We do not take any responsibility and we are not liable for any damage caused through use of the fonts, be it indirect, incidental or consequential damages (including but not limited to damages for loss of business, loss of profits, interruption or similar). To our knowledge, all fonts available on this site are free for distribution. Should you encounter a font that isn't, please contact us so that it can be immediately deleted.Privacy Policy	Your privacy is an important part of our relationship with you. Protecting your privacy is just one part of our mission to provide you a safe web environment. When you email us, your information will remain confidential. We, will not share, rent or trade any of your information with any third parties. When you visit our website, we collect some technical information related to your computer and the manner in which you are accessing our site and includes such information as the internet protocol (IP) address of your computer, what operating system your computer is using, what browser software (e.g., Explorer, Netscape or other) your computer is using, and who your Internet service provider is, the Uniform Resource Locator ('URL') of the web site from which you just came and the URL to which you go next and certain operating metrics, such as the amount of time you use our website. This general information may be used to help us better understand how our site is viewed and used. We may share some general information about our site with our business partners or the general public. For example, we may share information regarding the daily number of unique users to our site with potential corporate partners or advertising opportunities. This information does not contain any of your personal data that can be used to contact you or identify you.When we place links or advertising banners to other sites from our website, please note that we do not control the content, practices or privacy policies of any of these other sites. We do not endorse or hold ourselves responsible for the privacy policies or information gathering practices of any other websites, other than sites run by us.We use the highest security standard available to protect your personally identifiable information while it is in transit to us. All data stored on our servers is protected by a secure 'firewall' so that no unauthorized use or activity can take place. Although we will make every effort to safeguard your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk that thieves may find a way to thwart our security system or that transmissions over the Internet will be intercepted.We may, from time to time, amend our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. These changes will be posted for general public view. When you visit our website, you agree to all terms of our privacy policy and our disclaimer. Your continued use of this website constitutes your continued agreement to these terms. If you do not agree with the terms of our Privacy Policy, you should cease using our website.Cookie PolicyTo make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.What are cookies?A cookie is a small text file that a website saves onyour computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.How do we use cookies?A number of our pages use cookies:to remember your display preferences, such as font size or color.to remember if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this site.by external advertisers such as Google Ads.by any login process to remember your current session.Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended. The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.Do we use other cookies?Some of our pages or subsites may use additional or different cookies to the ones described above. If so, the details of these will be provided in their specific cookies notice page. You may be asked for your agreement to store these cookies.How to control cookiesYou can control and/or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.By using this site and downloading the fonts, you acknowledged have read and agreed to our terms and conditions. We reserve the right to amend these terms from time to time.This disclaimer is a legal agreement between you and this site. By downloading fonts from our site or using them you agree you have read and understood that the font or dingbat copyrights belongs to the designer of the related product. In cases where there are no copyright notices, you need to assume that the font is copyrighted. Use of the fonts/dingbats is at your sole responsibility. We do not take any responsibility and we are not liable for any damage caused through use of the fonts, be it indirect, incidental or consequential damages (including but not limited to damages for loss of business, loss of profits, interruption or similar). To our knowledge, all fonts available on this site are free for distribution. Should you encounter a font that isn't, please contact us so that it can be immediately deleted.Your privacy is an important part of our relationship with you. Protecting your privacy is just one part of our mission to provide you a safe web environment. When you email us, your information will remain confidential. We, will not share, rent or trade any of your information with any third parties. When you visit our website, we collect some technical information related to your computer and the manner in which you are accessing our site and includes such information as the internet protocol (IP) address of your computer, what operating system your computer is using, what browser software (e.g., Explorer, Netscape or other) your computer is using, and who your Internet service provider is, the Uniform Resource Locator ('URL') of the web site from which you just came and the URL to which you go next and certain operating metrics, such as the amount of time you use our website. This general information may be used to help us better understand how our site is viewed and used. We may share some general information about our site with our business partners or the general public. For example, we may share information regarding the daily number of unique users to our site with potential corporate partners or advertising opportunities. This information does not contain any of your personal data that can be used to contact you or identify you.When we place links or advertising banners to other sites from our website, please note that we do not control the content, practices or privacy policies of any of these other sites. We do not endorse or hold ourselves responsible for the privacy policies or information gathering practices of any other websites, other than sites run by us.We use the highest security standard available to protect your personally identifiable information while it is in transit to us. All data stored on our servers is protected by a secure 'firewall' so that no unauthorized use or activity can take place. Although we will make every effort to safeguard your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk that thieves may find a way to thwart our security system or that transmissions over the Internet will be intercepted.We may, from time to time, amend our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. These changes will be posted for general public view. When you visit our website, you agree to all terms of our privacy policy and our disclaimer. Your continued use of this website constitutes your continued agreement to these terms. If you do not agree with the terms of our Privacy Policy, you should cease using our website.To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.What are cookies?A cookie is a small text file that a website saves onyour computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.How do we use cookies?A number of our pages use cookies:Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended. The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.Do we use other cookies?Some of our pages or subsites may use additional or different cookies to the ones described above. If so, the details of these will be provided in their specific cookies notice page. You may be asked for your agreement to store these cookies.How to control cookiesYou can control and/or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.

