
Privacy Policy, Terms of Service & Copyrights Governing NewsPressNOW.comWhen submitting content to News-Press Online, please do not submit content that: contains vulgar, profane, abusive, racist or hateful language or expressions, epithets or slurs, text, photographs or illustrations that are pornographic or in poor taste, inflammatory attacks of a personal, racial or religious nature. is defamatory, threatening, disparaging, grossly inflammatory, false, misleading, fraudulent, inaccurate, unfair, contains gross exaggeration or unsubstantiated claims, violates the privacy rights of any third party, is unreasonably harmful or offensive to any individual or community. violates any right of News-Press Online or any third party discriminates on the grounds of race, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation or disability, or refers to such matters in any manner prohibited by law. violates or inappropriately encourages the violation of any municipal, state, federal or international law, rule, regulation or ordinance. unfairly interferes with any third party's uninterrupted use of NewsPressNOW.com advertises, promotes or offers to trade any goods or services, except in areas specifically designated for such purpose uploads copyrighted or other proprietary material of any kind on NewsPressNOW.com without the express permission of the owner of that material. uses or attempts to use another's account, password, service or system except as expressly permitted by the Terms of Service uploads or transmits viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files. disrupts, interferes with, or otherwise harms or violates the security of NewsPressNOW.com or any services, system resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through News-Press Online or affiliated or linked sites. sends repeated messages related to another user and/or makes derogatory or offensive comments about another individual or repeats prior posting of the same message under multiple emails or subjectsPosting Rules and Interactivity Interactive areas, discussion forums, and reader submitted content areas, are intended to encourage an exchange of ideas and opinions. These areas are offered to all users of the site. The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com reserves the right to refuse to post any content on our site at any time, for any reason. Decisions as to whether content violates any Posting Rule will be made by NewsPressNOW.com at its discretion. All content submitted for posting is reviewed by NewsPressNOW.com staff before publication on our site. Be aware that submitted content may be edited by the staff for space considerations and content at NewsPressNOW.com's discretion. Any submitted content that includes, but is not limited to the following, will be edited or refused. If repeated violations occur, NewsPressNOW.com reserves the right to cancel user access to NewsPressNOW.com without advanced notice.Privacy Policy We do not require registration on NewsPressNOW.com. You can visit many pages on our site without providing any information. Other pages may prompt you to enter information, such as a user name and password, before you can access the information. When registering or participating in interactive or subscription areas of our site, we may ask for certain demographic information, such as age, income level, zip code, # of household members, and the like. This information is gathered for use by The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com to help us understand and more closely identify our users and readers so that we may continue to improve, enhance or add new features and services that may appeal to our customers. The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com does not share any identifying information to third parties. From time to time you may receive promotional information from the News-Press, such as invitations to participate in contests, user polls, subscription offers, and advertising promotions. If you do not want to receive promotional information from the News-Press, please notify the New Media Department.The Saint Joseph News-Press and News-Press Online Copyright Notice All information, content, services and software displayed on, transmitted through, or used in connection with The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com, including for example materials such as writings, software, music, works of art, graphics, logos, trademarks, photographs, and the like, hereafter referred to as "content", as well as the selection and arrangement of content is owned by The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com. You may use the content online only, and solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and you may download or print a single copy of any portion of the Content solely for your personal non-commercial use, provided you do not remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from such Content. If you operate a web site and wish to link to NewsPressNOW.com, you may do so provided full credit is given to the St. Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com, and you agree to cease such link upon request from NewsPressNOW.com. No other use is permitted without prior written permission of NewsPressNOW.com. This Web site uses services provided by News Registry. News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity. Your continued readership of the Site means you accept the privacy policy of News Registry. Please refer to the News Registry privacy policy at http://www.apnewsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information. Use of this site is described in the TERMS of SERVICE section of this page.Terms of Service Subscriptions and Archive Accounts (Membership) If you become a Member of NewsPressNOW.com you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password, and agree not to sell, transfer or assign your membership rights. We reserve the right to terminate your Membership if you violate the items listed under our Posting Rules and Interactivity. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for restricting access to your computer so others outside your household may not access News-Press Online using your name in whole or in part without our permission. If you believe that someone has accessed News-Press Online using your user name and password without your authorization, email us immediately.User-Provided Information and Content By providing information to, communicating with, and/or placing material on, NewsPressNOW.com, including for example, communication during registration, communication on any NewsPressNOW.com forum area, photo gallery submissions, reader's arena, movie reviews, photos or other content, or entering any contests, you represent and warrant 1) you own or otherwise have all necessary ownership rights to the content you provide and the rights to use it as provided in this TERMS of SERVICE; 2) all information you provide is true, accurate, current and complete, and does not violate these TERMS of SERVICE; and, 3) the content will not cause injury to any person or entity. Using a name other than your own legal name is prohibited, except in specific areas of NewsPressNOW.com where unique names are commonly used, such as login or user name areas.For all such information and material, you grant The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works from such information, in any form, of any kind now existing or developed in the future.You also grant The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to us for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. All rights in this paragraph are granted without the need for additional compensation of any sort to you.Please note that The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for use or publication and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming. Should you send any unsolicited materials or ideas, you do so with the understanding no additional consideration of any sort will be provided to you, and you are waiving any claim against NewsPressNOW.com and its affiliated sites regarding the use of such materials and ideas, even if material or an idea is used that is substantially similar to the idea you sent.Transactions and Ecommerce During your visit to our site you may elect to engage in a transaction involving the purchase of a product such as a newspaper subscription, a print or online advertisement or other tangible goods and services. To serve you most efficiently, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are often handled by a third party processing agent, bank or distribution institution. The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com and its vendors make every effort to ensure secure transactions through the use of encrypted security software. While in most cases transactions are completed without difficulty, there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet or offline. If you're concerned about online credit card safety, in most cases a telephone number will be made available so you can call us and place your order by phone. The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com cannot take responsibility for the success or security of transactions undertaken or processed by third parties. On occasion, a product or service may not be available at the time or the price as it appears in an advertisement. In such event, or in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error, technology effort, error in the date or length of publication, or error in pricing or product information received from our advertisers or suppliers, you agree The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com is not responsible for such errors or discrepancies.Ecommerce Submissions or Submissions to third parties: Your communication with any other party through NewsPressNOW.com, including advertisers, for the purpose of communication or transactions, are solely between you and that third party. For example, certain areas of NewsPressNOW.com may offer links to other businesses or ecommerce transactions with that third party. Under no circumstances will News-Press or NewsPressNOW.com be liable for any goods, services, resources or content available through such third party dealings or communications. Please review carefully that third party's policies and practices and make sure you are comfortable with them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints concerns or questions relating to materials provided by third parties should be forwarded directly to the third party.General Information: NewsPressNOW.com may modify, suspend or discontinue or restrict the use of any portion of NewsPressNOW.com, including the availability of content at any time, without notice or liability. NewsPressNOW.com may deny access to the any person or user at any time for any reason. The Saint Joseph News-Press and NewsPressNOW.com reserve the right to transfer the rights and obligations of any user or reader at any time for any reason.RSS Use Policy: By accessing NewsPressNOW.com and stjoelive.com Really Simple Syndication ("RSS") feeds, you are consenting to be bound by the following terms and conditions which govern your use of the RSS feeds. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions, do not access our RSS feeds.The RSS feeds are provided solely for the purpose of allowing individuals to view headlines from NewsPressNOW.com and stjoelive.com, within news readers and blogs for their personal, noncommercial use. Any other uses of the RSS feeds are strictly prohibited.The St. Joseph News-Press retains all ownership and other rights in the RSS feeds, including all rights under copyright. You may not edit or modify the text, content, or links supplied in the RSS feeds.You may not display the RSS feeds in any manner that does not permit immediate linking to, redirection to, or delivery of the applicable NewsPressNOW.com or stjoelive.com web page. You may not frame or otherwise control the browser window, if any, in which the appropriate NewsPressNOW.com or stjoelive.com web page opens, nor may you insert any jump pages or other intermediate or interstitial pages between the RSS link and the applicable NewsPressNOW.com or stjoelive.com web page. No content, including any advertisements or other promotional content, may be added to the RSS feeds.Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, e-mail addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. We won’t knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with us or to provide any other personal information. If you’re under 13, please do not provide us with any personal information about yourself (such as your name, your e-mail address or your phone number).We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn or more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising for some companies, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspThe St. Joseph News-Press reserves the right to cease its distribution of any or all of the RSS feeds and/or to change the content or formatting of the RSS feeds at any time, at its sole discretion, and without notice to you. The St. Joseph News-Press further reserves the right to require you to cease displaying, distributing or otherwise using any or all of the RSS feeds for any reason, including but not limited to, your commercial use of the RSS feeds or any other violation of these terms and conditions.THE ST. JOSEPH NEWS-PRESS PROVIDES THE RSS FEEDS ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE ST. JOSEPH NEWS-PRESS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR YOUR USE OF THE RSS FEEDS OR FOR ANY OF YOUR ACTIVITIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE RSS FEEDS. TO THE FULLEST EXTEND ALLOWED, THE STJOSEPH NEWS-PRESS DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY.
