 Terms & Conditions
Dated 11.02.2015 read our Terms and Conditions at any time, to avoid any confusion when ordering from the outset.
1. Subject matterHHOKIT (IRELAND) sold the customer (hereinafter "customer") in print catalogues, flyers and the on-line store specified goods to the following delivery and sales conditions (AGB).
2. ContractThe contract between the customer and HHOKIT only comes through an order of the customer and its acceptance by HHOKIT about. The customers order made via the Internet. HHOKIT accepts the order by the customer (a) an order confirmation (by email or mail) or transmitted (b) deliver the ordered goods (including delivery).
3. Product rangeAny details about the goods which the customer during the ordering process are not binding. In particular, changes in design and technology, which improve the functionality of a product, as well as errors in descriptions, illustrations and pricing. All technical information on individual products are based on information provided by the manufacturer and are mandatory in this framework.
4. Payment TermsAll catalogue prices are guide prices which are continuously adjusted to the market. You are in Euro €, Including VAT, Unpackaged. Transportation and packaging costs are calculated separately. Payment must be paid net within 10 days after invoicing. New customers can purchase only against bank check, or cash advance. HHOKIT (IRELAND) reserves the right to sell to existing customers through these buying opportunities.
4a. CancellationWe charge only 3.4% Pay with a credit or debit card  PayPal fees for cancellation and processing fee for the case of a cancellation. you accept these terms with the agreement of this order
5. ConditionsThe ordered products can be shipped to an address in the European Union. Where to camp, the products will be delivered immediately to the address specified by the customer. Otherwise, a written order confirmation is done with the expected delivery date. The delivery of the goods takes place from (loading dock) at the expense and risk of the customer, even if partial deliveries. The claims made for externally visible damage to the goods ordered only against a certificate issued by a carrier.
6. Retention of titleThe delivered goods remain the property until full payment of HHOKIT. This may make a corresponding entry in the title register. If the customer with the payment of the purchase price is in default HHOKIT is entitled to rescind the contract (withdrawal) and the goods in their possession to take.
7. Defects Warranty and LiabilityFor all products offered in the catalogue, the guarantee period is 24 months from date of purchase, unless a different warranty period is expressly stated. Products will be repaired or replaced free of charge if the defect is reported in writing by the customer within 14 calendar days after receiving the goods. Warranty will be void if, without the written consent of HHOKIT modifications or repairs are made to the product. As far as the law permits, is excluded, the liability for compensation. In particular HHOKIT Engine Carbon Cleaner not be liable for any damages caused by improper use or natural wear and tear or for damage not caused to the item itself consequential damages.
8. Intellectual propertyHHOKIT (IRELAND) reserves for every design, text, graphics before any on their website, all rights reserved. Copying or other reproductions of the entire website or parts of this website is only permitted for the purpose of placing an order with HHOKIT. To illustrations, drawings, calculations and other documents provided to HHOKIT against the property and copyrights. Before their HHOKIT to third parties the customers express written consent of HHOKIT.
9. PrivacyHHOKIT assured in the collection, processing and use of personal data, the provisions of the Irish Data Protection Act and the relevant legal standards to be observed. The occasion of order processing, customer data generated are used solely for internal market research. A transfer to third party partner organizations will occur only when the proper delivery of services (order processing) is mandatory. The customer agrees to this use of his data. Moreover, he has available on request at any time the right to use the data stored about him, and to prohibit their use for internal market research purposes.
10. Jurisdiction and Applicable LawJurisdiction is the seat of HHOKIT. The contract shall be governed by Irish law.
11. Final ProvisionsWhen selling in print catalogues, flyers and the on-line store are solely those of the HHOKIT goods specified in terms of their effect at the time of each contract is signed. These terms and conditions are particularly valid where they differ from those of the customers should be. For the delivery of software are also attached to the disk and / or information contained in this License Agreement by the manufacturer. By opening the sealed data, the customer accepts the validity of these conditions explicitly. If any provision of these Conditions be or become invalid, shall not affect the legal validity of the remaining provisions. Also reserves the right at all times HHOKIT modifications of these Terms and Conditions.
12. Deposit
Deposit for hydrogen engine carbon cleaning mobile service is not refundable! 
 
HHOKIT (IRELAND) takes your privacy seriously. Find out more at: privacy-policy
Tel: 0872120112E-mail: [email protected]

www.HHOKIT.ieIRELAND / EUROPE 


