
Terms & Conditions, Return
1. Subject matterHHOKIT (IRELAND) sold the customer (hereinafter "customer") in print catalogues, flyers and the on-line store specified goods to the following delivery and sales conditions (AGB).
2. ContractThe contract between the customer and HHOKIT only comes through an order of the customer and its acceptance by HHOKIT about. The customers order made via the Internet. HHOKIT accepts the order by the customer (a) an order confirmation (by email or mail) or transmitted (b) deliver the ordered goods (including delivery).
3. Product rangeAny details about the goods which the customer during the ordering process are not binding. In particular, changes in design and technology, which improve the functionality of a product, as well as errors in descriptions, illustrations and pricing. All technical information on individual products are based on information provided by the manufacturer and are mandatory in this framework.
4. Payment TermsAll catalogue prices are guide prices which are continuously adjusted to the market. You are in Euro €, Including VAT, Unpackaged. Transportation and packaging costs are calculated separately. Payment must be paid net within 10 days after invoicing. New customers can purchase only against bank check, or cash advance. HHOKIT (IRELAND) reserves the right to sell to existing customers through these buying opportunities.
4a. CancellationWe charge only 3.4% Pay with a credit or debit card  PayPal fees for cancellation and processing fee for the case of a cancellation. you accept these terms with the agreement of this order
5. ConditionsThe ordered products can be shipped to an address in the European Union. Where to camp, the products will be delivered immediately to the address specified by the customer. Otherwise, a written order confirmation is done with the expected delivery date. The delivery of the goods takes place from (loading dock) at the expense and risk of the customer, even if partial deliveries. The claims made for externally visible damage to the goods ordered only against a certificate issued by a carrier.
6. Retention of titleThe delivered goods remain the property until full payment of HHOKIT. This may make a corresponding entry in the title register. If the customer with the payment of the purchase price is in default HHOKIT is entitled to rescind the contract (withdrawal) and the goods in their possession to take.
7. Defects Warranty and LiabilityFor all products offered in the catalogue, the guarantee period is 24 months from date of purchase, unless a different warranty period is expressly stated. As far as the law permits, is excluded, the liability for compensation. In particular HHOKIT Engine Carbon Cleaner not be liable for any damages caused by improper use or natural wear and tear or for damage not caused to the item itself consequential damages.
8. Intellectual propertyHHOKIT (IRELAND) reserves for every design, text, graphics before any on their website, all rights reserved. Copying or other reproductions of the entire website or parts of this website is only permitted for the purpose of placing an order with HHOKIT. To illustrations, drawings, calculations and other documents provided to HHOKIT against the property and copyrights. Before their HHOKIT to third parties the customers express written consent of HHOKIT.
9. PrivacyHHOKIT assured in the collection, processing and use of personal data, the provisions of the Irish Data Protection Act and the relevant legal standards to be observed. The occasion of order processing, customer data generated are used solely for internal market research. A transfer to third party partner organizations will occur only when the proper delivery of services (order processing) is mandatory. The customer agrees to this use of his data. Moreover, he has available on request at any time the right to use the data stored about him, and to prohibit their use for internal market research purposes.
10. Jurisdiction and Applicable LawJurisdiction is the seat of HHOKIT. The contract shall be governed by Irish law.
11. Final ProvisionsWhen selling in print catalogues, flyers and the on-line store are solely those of the HHOKIT goods specified in terms of their effect at the time of each contract is signed. These terms and conditions are particularly valid where they differ from those of the customers should be. For the delivery of software are also attached to the disk and / or information contained in this License Agreement by the manufacturer. By opening the sealed data, the customer accepts the validity of these conditions explicitly. If any provision of these Conditions be or become invalid, shall not affect the legal validity of the remaining provisions. Also reserves the right at all times HHOKIT modifications of these Terms and Conditions. 
Our No Hassle Returns Process Customer Satisfaction is a cornerstone of our business. We believe that in order to have the best possible shopping experience, our customers should not have to worry about buying from us. We want you to be comfortable with every aspect of your experience purchasing from us, and we will make every effort to ensure you are a happy customer. HHOKIT.ie offers a 30-day return policy, from a date of receipt of your order. All you need to do is contact our dedicated Customer Care Team here just to make us aware of your return so that we can provide you the best assistance possible. (Please note: for returned goods that have been used we will be unable to provide a refund, (no open blister packs, electronic sensors, please). Used or Damaged MerchandiseIf the parcel has visibly damaged upon delivery, DO NOT SIGN FOR THE ORDER. If upon opening the package the purchased product is damaged, must be immediately requested damage report from courier service, follow the steps outlined below to take advantage of our 30 days no hassle returns policy. Any merchandise or parts which shows signs of use (wear, bugs, dirt, smell, pet hair, scuffing, mounting, etc) or otherwise is in a condition other than it was received cannot be returned.Return Instructions Contact our Customer Care Team who will provide you with a returns number. You will need to print this on the outside of the return package. Please take care to package the item(s) carefully; goods must arrive in an unused condition for the refund to be issued. If you return goods that have been used, we will be unable to provide a refund, (no open blister packs, electronic sensors, please). HHOKIT.ie do not cover the cost of return postage. However, we do recommend you use the suggested postal services highlighted in the table below depending on which country you are returning the package from. If you have any questions or need assistance, please contact our customer service team, and they will be happy to help. Once your return is received and inspected by the fulfillment center (usually within 72 hours of receipt), we will work to expedite your refund as soon as possible; this could take up to 7 days depending on your original method of payment. HHOKIT.ie will refund the full purchase price of the returned item(s) excluding postage. Returns within 30 days: HHOKIT.ie will refund the full purchase price of the returned item(s). (Again, Returns must be unused, in the state you received them, and in the original packaging)Return Shipping Options We recommend shipping with a method which includes tracking and insurance for your return shipment.All shipments must be made prepaid; packages shipped COD will be rejected.Any Refused, Undelivered, or Abandoned package will be subject to a €10 Service Fee.Amending this Policy: HHOKIT.ie may choose to change the Policy, in part or its entirety, at any time, without notice. 
HHOKIT (IRELAND) takes your privacy seriously. Find out more at: privacy-policy
Tel: 0872120112E-mail: [email protected]

www.HHOKIT.ieIRELAND / EUROPE 


