 Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy, Warranty
Terms & Conditions - Celtic Tiger ™1. Subject matterCeltic Tiger ™ (IRELAND) sold the customer (hereinafter "customer") in print catalogues, flyers and the on-line store specified goods to the following delivery and sales conditions (AGB).2. ContractThe contract between the customer and Celtic Tiger ™ only comes through an order of the customer and its acceptance by Celtic Tiger ™ about. The customers order made via the Internet. Celtic Tiger ™ accepts the order by the customer (a) an order confirmation (by email or mail) or transmitted (b) deliver the ordered goods (including delivery).3. Product rangeAny details about the goods which the customer during the ordering process are not binding. In particular, changes in design and technology, which improve the functionality of a product, as well as errors in descriptions, illustrations and pricing. All technical information on individual products are based on information provided by the manufacturer and are mandatory in this framework.4. Payment TermsAll catalogue prices are guide prices which are continuously adjusted to the market. You are in Euro €, Including VAT, Unpackaged. Transportation and packaging costs are calculated separately. Payment must be paid net within 10 days after invoicing. New customers can purchase only against bank check, or cash advance. Celtic Tiger ™ (IRELAND) reserves the right to sell to existing customers through these buying opportunities.4a. CancellationWe charge only 3.4% Pay with a credit or debit card  fees for cancellation and processing fee for the case of a cancellation. you accept these terms with the agreement of this order5. ConditionsThe ordered products can be shipped to an address in the European Union. Where to camp, the products will be delivered immediately to the address specified by the customer. Otherwise, a written order confirmation is done with the expected delivery date. The delivery of the goods takes place from (loading dock) at the expense and risk of the customer, even if partial deliveries. The claims made for externally visible damage to the goods ordered only against a certificate issued by a carrier.6. Retention of titleThe delivered goods remain the property until full payment of Celtic Tiger ™. This may make a corresponding entry in the title register. If the customer with the payment of the purchase price is in default Celtic Tiger ™ is entitled to rescind the contract (withdrawal) and the goods in their possession to take.7. Defects Warranty and LiabilityFor all products offered in the catalogue, the guarantee period is 24 months from date of purchase, unless a different warranty period is expressly stated. As far as the law permits, is excluded, the liability for compensation. In particular Celtic Tiger ™ Engine Carbon Cleaner not be liable for any damages caused by improper use or natural wear and tear or for damage not caused to the item itself consequential damages. Deposit is not refundable!8. Intellectual propertyCeltic Tiger ™ (IRELAND EUROPE) reserves for every design, text, graphics before any on their website, all rights reserved. Copying or other reproductions of the entire website or parts of this website is only permitted for the purpose of placing an order with Celtic Tiger ™. To illustrations, drawings, calculations and other documents provided to Celtic Tiger ™ against the property and copyrights. Before their Celtic Tiger ™ to third parties the customers express written consent of Celtic Tiger ™.9. PrivacyCeltic Tiger ™ assured in the collection, processing and use of personal data, the provisions of the Irish Data Protection Act and the relevant legal standards to be observed. The occasion of order processing, customer data generated are used solely for internal market research. A transfer to third party partner organizations will occur only when the proper delivery of services (order processing) is mandatory. The customer agrees to this use of his data. Moreover, he has available on request at any time the right to use the data stored about him, and to prohibit their use for internal market research purposes.10. Jurisdiction and Applicable LawJurisdiction is the seat of Celtic Tiger ™. The contract shall be governed by Irish law.11. Final ProvisionsWhen selling in print catalogues, flyers and the on-line store are solely those of the Celtic Tiger ™ goods specified in terms of their effect at the time of each contract is signed. These terms and conditions are particularly valid where they differ from those of the customers should be. For the delivery of software are also attached to the disk and / or information contained in this License Agreement by the manufacturer. By opening the sealed data, the customer accepts the validity of these conditions explicitly. If any provision of these Conditions be or become invalid, shall not affect the legal validity of the remaining provisions. Also reserves the right at all times Celtic Tiger ™ modifications of these Terms and Conditions.Amending this Terms and conditions: Celtic Tiger ™ may choose to change the Policy, in part or its entirety, at any time, without notice.Privacy Policy - Celtic Tiger ™This privacy policy disclose you how we use personal information collected at this site. Our policy is to keep the personal information we receive from our site completely confidential and used solely for internal purposes. We will not share your personal information with any other parties. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by Celtic Tiger ™ websitesPlease read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Celtic Tiger ™ websites. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information (e.g Name, Address Email address e.t.c) collected at these pages will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. All collected information is retained for order processing and customer service only.During your use of our website, we will collect non-identifying personal information to enhance the functionality of the website and to make your access more convenient and efficient. We retain non-identifying personal information and use it to establish website activity trends, monitor website performance, improve website design and functionality, fulfill orders, inform current and potential customers and suppliers about our services, and for other business purposes. Our collection of non-identifying personal information may involve the use of cookies. Among other uses, cookies allow us to deliver content specific to your interests, to save you from re-entering your registration data at each connection, and to provide features such as online customer payment and shopping carts. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of Celtic Tiger ™ websites.Use VISA MASTER, AMERICAN, EXPRESS, DISCOVER, DIRECT DEBIT for purchasing operations. They are the authorized online retailer for our products.We will ask customers to supply various personal data when placing an order, such as name and address, credit-card information, and e-mail address. Celtic Tiger ™ have their own Privacy Policy that explains how your information is processed and protected. All non-personally-identifying information and personally identifying-information described above is stored on restricted database servers.THIS WARRANTY IS VOID IF THE PRODUCT IS OPENED, ALTERED OR DAMAGEDSafety Warning - Celtic Tiger ™The amount of hydrogen produced on demand is small but please note the following:CAUTION!  Hydrogen is a flammable gas and can form explosive mixtures with oxygen or air. Hydrogen gas poses an immediate fire and explosive hazard when concentrations exceed 4%.  It is much lighter than air and burns with an invisible flame. Before working on an installed HHO system ensure to extinguish all sources of ignition, naked heat including sparks or flames disconnect the vehicles battery terminals and take precautions to eliminate static electricity.  No smoking near the generator or its reservoirs at any time. HHO generators produce HHO gases on demand when the engine is running but when disconnected there will be residual amounts of HHO gases in reservoirs and tubing.  Allow units to vent thoroughly outdoors or in a well ventilated area  before working on the units or accessories.Buyers should read all warnings, instructions on safe use, labels, disclaimers, and all other materials included with products sold on this website prior to using any such product. Hydrogen Generators are sold on the understanding that the buyer reads and adheres to the PRECAUTIONS AND WARNINGS OF SAFETY described in the installation in order to avoid risks. Celtic Tiger ™ do not accept liability for damages or injuries or for any direct or consequential loss caused by the improper use, alteration of units or maintenance of HHO-generators or accessories. Celtic Tiger ™ may change Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes will be affected on this page. If you have any questions about this policy or our site in general, please contact us.Celtic Tiger ™ (IRELAND - EUROPE) takes your privacy seriously.  Celtic Tiger ™ARIGNA VIEWCARRICKNABRACKDRUMSHANBOCO. LEITRIM. N41V2K7IRELANDTel: 0872120112Email: [email protected]Website: www.CelticTIGER.ie 
