
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. At Heathrow, we use cookies to understand how our sites are used which helps us to improve your overall online experience. Some of the cookies we use are necessary for some of our sites to work whilst other cookies are used to provide tailored advertising by trusted third parties. The cookies we and our third parties place on your computer do not collect personally identifiable information like your name, address or payment details. To find out more about cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org
The privacy of your information is important to us and so we want to keep you well informed about cookies. We shall continue to work on initiatives in relation to recent cookie legislation to ensure you have the best experience when visiting our websites.
The different types of cookies we use
Heathrow use the following categories of cookies on our websites:
Strictly necessary: These cookies are essential for certain features of our websites to work for example when you make payments for car parking. These cookies do not record identifiable personal information and we do not need your consent to place these cookies on your device. Without these cookies some services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Performance: These cookies are used to collect anonymous information about how you use our websites. This information is used to help us improve our websites and understand how effective our adverts are. In some case we use trusted third parties to collect this information for us but they only use the information for the purposes explained. By using our websites, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Functionality: These cookies are used to provide services or remember settings to enhance your visit for example text size or other preferences. The information these cookies collect is anonymous and does not enable us to track your browsing activity on other websites. By using our websites, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Targeting and advertising: These cookies are used by trusted third parties to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. Information contained in these cookies is anonymous and doesn't contain your personal information. To find out more about cookies used for targeting and advertising follow www.youronlinechoices.com and www.networkadvertising.org or contact us at website_feedback@heathrow.com for further information about the trusted third parties we use.
Managing cookies
If you'd prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from Heathrow and our third party advertisers, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your particular browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you choose to disable all cookies we cannot guarantee the performance of our websites and some features may not work as expected.

