
LHR Airports Limited (Heathrow) website privacy notice.
Last updated: May 2018
Our Privacy Promise

We promise to collect, use and store your personal data in a safe and secure way.
We promise to only use your personal data for the specific purposes stated.
We promise to keep you informed about how we use your information and who we give it to.

VIDEO
 
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Heathrow Airport Limited (Heathrow) collects personal information about you when you use Heathrow.com or if you report a fault, deliver maintenance works or produce project documentation whilst at the airport. Heathrow is committed to protecting your personal information when you use Heathrow services. Whenever you provide such information we will only use your information in line with all applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Your information will be kept in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted according to the 'need to know' principle.
What information will we collect about you?
When you use Heathrow.com or if you report a fault, deliver maintenance works or produce project documentation, we will collect the following information about you:

Name
Gender
Date of birth (you must be over 18 to participate in our competitions)
Address
Email address
Phone number
Signature (if you report a fault, deliver maintenance works or produce project documentation)

Heathrow collects information about how you use Heathrow.com via our website and the device(s) that you use to access the service. This includes collecting unique online identifiers such as IP addresses, which are numbers that uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet. For more information, see our section on ‘cookies’ below.
How will Heathrow use the information it collects about me?
Heathrow will use your personal data for a number of purposes including the following:

To manage Heathrow competitions and select winners for Heathrow competitions that you enter in to.
To provide our Heathrow journey planner service which gives you a complete door-to-door guide with times and directions.
To respond to feedback, queries and complaints that you submit through our feedback form.
To send you marketing communications about Heathrow products and services. We will only do this where you give us your clear consent to do so.
To provide our digital brand guidelines to you through our self-service portal.

The lawful justification for collecting and using your personal data for Heathrow competitions is that it is necessary for the performance of the relevant competition which you contractually enter into. Failure to provide mandatory data fields denoted by a ‘*’ will mean that we will not be able to enter you into the relevant competition.
The lawful justification for sending marketing communications about Heathrow products and services to you is that you have given clear consent for your personal data to be used for this specific purpose. You are always in control of your data. You can opt in or out of receiving marketing communications during the registration process for the Heathrow Email Newsletter. You can also unsubscribe from Heathrow Airport marketing communications by clicking ‘Unsubscribe’ on the footer of a Heathrow Airport marketing email.
The lawful justification for matching the data we collect with other data that we hold about you if you have used Heathrow products and services before is because we have a legitimate business interest for your personal data to be used for this specific purpose. This enables us to send you relevant and personalised content designed to make your journey smoother and more enjoyable. We have conducted an assessment to make sure that the benefits to you are equal to the benefits to us. You have the right to object to this processing which you can exercise by contacting privacy@heathrow.com. Please note that if you object, this may affect our ability to send personalised marketing communications to you.
If you report a fault, deliver maintenance works or produce project documentation, Heathrow will use your personal data for a number of purposes including the following:

To provide feedback on the status of the fault you reported.
To manage Heathrow Document and Asset Management System accounts.
To manage your access to Heathrow Document and Asset Management Systems.
To manage communication and distribution of data within Heathrow Document and Asset Management Systems.

Your information will be handled and used by our trusted third parties including the following recipients in order to deliver services provided on Heathrow.com:

Heathrow staff managing Heathrow.com and marketing communications
Acxiom Limited, our trusted data partner
Customer service agents employed by Sitel Group who work on behalf of Heathrow
Competition providers and partners

We will keep your information within Heathrow and our trusted third parties except where disclosure is required by law, for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies.
Some of our trusted partners that we share your personal data with may need to transfer personal data overseas. As we are responsible for your personal data, we always ensure that your information remains protected and secure when being transferred.
How long will Heathrow keep my information?
Your personal detail for Heathrow competitions will be retained for a period of 30 days from the date of the draw at which point all of your personal details are removed from our systems.
Your personal details for marketing communications will be retained for a period of three years from the date of your last interaction with the marketing communication (i.e. opening an email or clicking on a link within the email) at which point all of your personal details is removed from our systems.
Where you tell us that you no longer wish to receive marketing messages about Heathrow products and services, we will keep this information about you until you tell us otherwise. This is to ensure that we don’t send you any further marketing communications in error.
If you report a fault, deliver maintenance works or produce project documentation, your details will be retained for a period of five years where it will be archived with other asset information by our IT services provider.
What rights do I have over my personal data?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to:

Access your personal data by making a subject access request
Rectification, erasure or restriction of your information where this is justified
Object to the processing of your information where this is justified
Data portability

To exercise your rights, please contact the Heathrow Data Protection Officer using the following contact details:
Data Protection Officer
Heathrow Airport Limited
The Compass Centre
Nelson Road
Hounslow
Middlesex
TW6 2GW
Email:privacy@heathrow.com
What if I find your response unsatisfactory?
Should you find our response unsatisfactory, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority – the Independent Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can find more information on the ICO website at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ regarding the complaints process.
Privacy & Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. At Heathrow we use cookies to understand how our sites are used which helps us to improve your overall online experience. Some of the cookies we use are necessary for some of our sites to work whilst other cookies are used to provide tailored advertising by trusted third parties. To find out more about cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org
The different types of cookies we use
Heathrow use the following categories of cookies on our websites:
Strictly necessary - These cookies are essential for certain features of our websites to work for example when you make payments for car parking. These cookies do not record identifiable personal information and we do not need your consent to place these cookies on your device. Without these cookies some services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Performance - These cookies are used to collect anonymous information about how you use our websites. This information is used to help us improve our websites and understand how effective our adverts are. In some case we use trusted third parties to collect this information for us which may include recording your use of our websites but they only use the information for the purposes explained. By using our websites, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. You have the right to object from being recorded on our websites by clicking here.
Functionality - These cookies are used to provide services or remember settings to enhance your visit for example text size or other preferences. The information these cookies collect is anonymous and does not enable us to track your browsing activity on other websites. By using our websites, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Targeting and Advertising - These cookies are used by trusted third parties to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. Information contained in these cookies is anonymous and doesn't contain your personal information. To find out more about cookies used for targeting and advertising follow www.youronlinechoices.com and www.networkadvertising.org or contact us at website_feedback@heathrow.com for further information about the trusted third parties we use.
Managing cookies - If you'd prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from Heathrow and our third party advertisers, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your particular browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you choose to disable all cookies we cannot guarantee the performance of our websites and some features may not work as expected.
Links to other websites - This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We will keep this privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates here. At the start of this privacy notice, we will tell you when it was last updated.

