
What you need to know about our website
References to AEMO
AEMO is Australian Energy Market Operator Limited, ABN 94 072 010 327.
Purpose
The content of this website is provided for information purposes only.
No Warranty
Use of any content of this website is at your risk. AEMO does not warrant or represent that the content of this website is accurate, reliable, complete or current or that it is suitable for particular purposes. You should verify and check the accuracy, completeness, reliability and suitability of any content from this website for any use to which you intend to put it and seek independent expert advice before using it.
Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by law, AEMO and its advisers, consultants and other contributors to this website (or their respective associated companies, businesses, partners, directors, officers or employees) shall not be liable for any errors, omissions, defects or misrepresentations in the content of this website, or for any loss or damage suffered by persons who use or rely on such content (including by reason of negligence, negligent misstatement or otherwise). If any law prohibits the exclusion of such liability, AEMO’s liability is limited, at AEMO’s option, to the re-supply of the content, provided that this limitation is permitted by law and is fair and reasonable.
Viruses
AEMO does not represent or warrant that the site and any information or material contained in, downloaded or accessible from this site, is free from computer viruses (including macro viruses) or other programs that might affect software or systems of users. Users should protect themselves by installing and implementing their own security checks and systems.
Confidentiality
Except where expressly agreed by AEMO, AEMO will not treat any communications or emails sent through this site as confidential and reserves the right to reproduce, transmit, modify and publish (in any form) such communications.
Intellectual Property Rights
AEMO, or its licensors, are the owners of all copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the contents of this website (including text and images). Users may only use such contents for personal use or as authorised by AEMO. Please refer to AEMO’s Copyright Permissions Notice on this website. 
Regulatory References
AEMO has made every effort to ensure that the content of this website reflects the current regulatory regime and refers to the current legislation and other regulatory instruments, however, AEMO cannot guarantee that every reference is up to date. 
In some instances, material on this website will continue to refer to superseded legislation or regulatory instruments, such as the National Electricity Code or the National Third Party Access Code for Natural Gas Pipeline Systems for historical reasons. 
Where any content of this website inadvertently refers to superseded legislation or regulatory instruments, you should note that transitional arrangements in legislation and other regulatory instruments generally provide that things done under the previous legislation or regulatory instruments will continue to have effect as if made under the new legislation or regulatory instruments.
The authorised version of all legislation and other regulatory instruments should be obtained directly from the relevant owner or publisher.
References to Predecessors
AEMO has made every effort to ensure that the content of this website is accurate in its references to AEMO and its predecessors, including the National Electricity Market Management Company (NEMMCO), the Victorian Energy Networks Corporation (VENCorp) and the Electricity Supply Industry Planning Council of South Australia (ESIPC), Gas Market Company (GMC) and REMCo (SA). AEMO, however, cannot guarantee that every reference is up to date.
In some instances, it will be necessary to refer to AEMO’s predecessors in the content of this website for historical reasons. Where any content inadvertently refers to a predecessor of AEMO in a different context, it should be read as referring to AEMO.
References to IMO
On 30 November 2015, a number of functions previously carried out by the Independent Market Operator (IMO) in Western Australia were transferred to AEMO. These functions are:

the operation of the wholesale electricity market in Western Australia; and
the administration of the Western Australian Gas Bulletin Board and Gas Statement of Opportunities

Privacy
Please see our Privacy Policy here.
 

