
Cookie policy

                            Cookies pixels, and other technologies (collectively, “cookies”) are small files that contain information which is transferred to and from your computer's or mobile device’s hard drive.                        

							These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.                        

							By continuing to access and use the Website you accept our use of cookies.                        

							However, you are free to explore the Websites without providing any Personal Data, if you have disabled cookies in your internet browser. If you have not disabled cookies, our Website may use cookies to track your use of the Website and collect Navigational Information.                        

                            We use the following cookies:                        


Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Website.                            

Analytical/performance cookies. These allow us to recognize, count the number of visitors, and see how visitors move around the Website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Website works.                            

Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to the Website. They enable us to personalize content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences, for example, your choice of language.                            

Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to the Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.                            

Why we use cookies

                            We use cookies to recognize your browser, your computer or your mobile device, learn more about your interests, provide you with essential features and services, and for other purposes.  More specifically, these include:                        


                                Recognizing you when you sign in to use our services. This allows us to provide you with product recommendations, display personalized content, and provide other customized features and services.                            

                                Keeping track of your specified preferences. This allows us to honor your likes and dislikes, such as whether or not you would like to see interest-based ads.                            

                                Keeping track of items stored in your shopping cart.                            

                                Conducting research and diagnostics to improve Skylum content, products, and services.                            

                                Preventing fraudulent activity.                            

                                Improving security.                            

                                Delivering content, including ads, relevant to your interests on Skylum sites and third-party sites (see the “Targeted Ads” section below for how we use cookies in serving interest-based ads and how to disable them).                            

                                Reporting. This allows us to measure and analyze the performance of our services.                            


                            Cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Skylum Software’s essential features. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not be able to add items to your shopping cart, proceed to checkout, or use any of our products or services that require you to sign in.                        

                            Approved third parties may also set cookies when you interact with Skylum Software and related services. Third parties include search engines, providers of measurement and analytics services, social media networks, and advertising companies. Third parties use cookies in the process of delivering content, including ads relevant to your interests, to measure the effectiveness of their ads, and to perform services on behalf of Skylum.                        
Targeted ads

                            We may also use cookies in connection with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Website or to assist with and track our advertising on other sites and services. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you do not wish this information to be used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by contacting us as privacy@skylum.com. Please note this is not an opt-out with regard to all advertising, and you may continue to receive generic non-targeted ads.                        
Managing cookies

                            You can manage browser cookies through your browser settings. The 'Help' feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, how to disable cookies, and when cookies will expire. If you disable all cookies on your browser, neither we nor third parties will transfer cookies to your browser. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some features and services may not work.                        

                            For additional, more detailed information about cookies and how they can be managed and deleted, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.                        

