Legal Notice
Overview
All information published online by the Maricopa County Community College District is subject to change without notice. The Maricopa Community College District (MCCCD) is not responsible for errors or damages of any kind resulting from access to its internet resources or use of the information contained therein. Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of information presented as factual; however, errors may exist. Users are directed to countercheck facts when considering their use in other applications. MCCCD is not responsible for the content or functionality of any technology resource not owned by the institution.
The statements, comments, or opinions expressed by users through use of MCCCD’s technology resources are those of their respective authors, who are solely responsible for them, and do not necessarily represent the views of MCCCD.
College websites are subject to the MCCCD Technology Resource Standards, which all visitors who make use of the computing resources of MCCCD, including the authors of public-facing MCCCD websites, are presumed to have read.
Contact Info
For questions or concerns regarding materials or policies, please email contact.us@domail.maricopa.edu. For legal questions, please refer to the Maricopa Community College District Legal Department.
Accessibility
Overview
MCCCD is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action (EEO/AA) institution. Visit the Maricopa County Community College District HR website for more details.
Disability Resources and Services (DRS)
MCCCD provides comprehensive services for students and employees with disabilities. Disability Resource Services (DRS) assists students and employees to fully participate in campus activities by providing academic adjustments and accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. Visit the disability section to learn more about services offered on campuses.
Contact Info
Campus-specific inquiries regarding the EEO/AA policies for a Maricopa Community College campus should be directed to that college’s Manager of Disability Resources and Services.
General inquiries regarding the EEO/AA policies for MCCCD should be directed to Deric Hall, (480) 731-8473
Any employee with a documented mental or physical impairment needing workplace accommodations to assist him or her in performing the essential functions of the job should contact MCCCD’s HR Solutions Center.
Privacy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices of MCCCD.
MCCCD provides online information and services to students, employees, and the public. This privacy statement provides information required by Arizona law about privacy, confidentiality, and related policies for individuals who use MCCCD websites and online services. Individual websites may provide additional information about privacy.
Additionally, MCCCD is committed to complying fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. The Federal Trade Commission provides more information about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
The MCCCD website contains links to external websites. MCCCD is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of those sites not housed under a MCCCD domain. Please be aware that MCCCD does not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of such other sites. MCCCD encourages users to be aware when they leave this site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Log Data
Google Analytics is used to analyze traffic to this site. Google Analytics does not create individual profiles for visitors. Google Analytics is software that provides business insight and marketing trends without compromising the privacy of users on the web. In addition to information actively provided by individuals using MCCCD websites, MCCCD routinely records the following information each time the sites are used:

Internet address of the computer being used
Web pages requested
Network software access
Referring webpage
Browser used
Date, time, and duration of activity
Volume of data storage and transfers
Demographic data

MCCCD uses this information to monitor and preserve the functioning and integrity of the system. MCCCD may use such aggregate information to improve access to content based on visitors’ browsers and operating system types to make content available to as many online visitors as possible. MCCCD does not link the log data collected to the personal information that one submits online when participating in or signing up for programs and activities.
MCCCD may share aggregated information with partners and agencies. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. MCCCD only shares this information so that it can secure funding to educational programs, scholarships, and grants.
Cookies
Cookies are short pieces of information used by web browsers to remember information provided by the user, such as passwords and preferences from past visits. Additional information on cookies is available at the Cookie Central website. Some MCCCD web pages, such as the Information Form, use cookies to store service information. Some web-based services require cookies for access.
As you browse MCCCD websites, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that MCCCD can understand what you are interested in. MCCCD’s display-advertising partners then present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with MCCCD sites. The techniques MCCCD’s partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number.
MCCCD does not store any personal information in cookies nor link or combine information collected through cookies to any personal information that children submit online when participating in activities. Additionally, cookies can be disabled on most personal computers by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in the browser.
Disclosure of Information
In addition to the information automatically collected by your browser, MCCCD also collects information that you voluntarily provide to us when you fill out an information request for one of the programs featured on any MCCCD or college site.
This site provides users the opportunity to request information regarding District programs. The submission forms require participants to provide the college with contact information. The contact information provided by the participant is used by MCCCD for phone/mail/email/text communication about your program of interest.
Occasionally, MCCCD may use the information collected to send you information about other products and services offered by MCCCD and updated information that might interest you. MCCCD respects your wishes. If you note that you do not want to have this information used as a basis for further contact, then you will not receive any further information.
If you do not want to receive MCCCD e-mail marketing, please submit a request to have your email address removed to contact.us@domail.maricopa.edu.
MCCCD is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
MCCCD does not sell or distribute confidential information collected online to individuals or entities not affiliated with the college, except in the very limited circumstances described below. Non-confidential information may be sold or distributed pursuant to Arizona Public Records law.
MCCCD and the Governing Board policies protect the confidentiality of student educational records and employee personnel information. These policies explain what information may be shared with the public or anyone who requests it. They also explain what information is protected as confidential; confidential information will not be disclosed without the consent of the student or employee, except under subpoena, court order, or in case of an emergency.
Student Records
Student records are protected by the federal Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), Arizona law, and MCCCD policy. Information about student access to education records and protection of education records is available on MCCCD’s Public Records and Information page. This policy also provides information on a student’s right to limit access to otherwise public directory information.
Chat Rooms
MCCCD does not routinely retain logs or copies of chat rooms, forums, message boards, or newsgroups available to its users. Information disclosed in these areas is public, however. Information such as name, email address, phone number, and program of interest will be used to provide you with the information you are requesting as well as information about other products and services offered by MCCCD.
Academic chat rooms and discussions conducted in connection with college classes may be logged but may be treated as confidential educational records under FERPA.
Employee Records
Employee records are protected by MCCCD policies and by Arizona law.
Public Records Law
Under the Arizona Public Records Law, MCCCD may be required to provide information in college records to a third party. Commercial users may purchase public record information, such as non-confidential lists of students and employees. Confidential information protected by FERPA or by other laws or Governing Board policy will not be disclosed in response to a public records request. Additional information about Arizona public records law is available on MCCCD’s Public Records and Information page.
Contractors
From time to time, individuals or companies under contract with the MCCCD may have access to confidential information in the course of the service they provide to the university, but those entities are not permitted to use or re-disclose that information for unauthorized purposes.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
MCCCD reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a user objects to any of the changes to the policy, the User must cease using this application and can request that the college to erase his/her personal data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all personal data that the data controller has about users.
