
Protecting the individual’s privacy on the Internet is crucial to the future of Internet-based business and the move toward a true Internet economy. itelligence has created this Privacy Statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to the individual’s right to privacy. This policy outlines our personal information handling practices for this website.
This Privacy Statement covers this website and other sites that reference this Privacy Statement. Some itelligence entities, programs and/or sites may have their own, possibly different, privacy statements. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each of the itelligence websites or program information you visit or review.
Global Privacy Fundamentals
Our privacy practices reflect current global principles and standards on handling personal information. These principles include notice of data use, choice of data use, data access, data integrity, security, onward transfer, and enforcement/oversight. We abide by the privacy laws in the countries where we do business.
Consent
By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of the information as described here. If we decide to make changes to this Privacy Statement, we will post the changes on this site so that you will always know what information we collect, and how we use it.
From time to time, as may be required by applicable law, we may also seek your explicit consent to process certain data and information collected on this website or volunteered by you.
Collection and Processing of Your Personal Data
To serve you better and understand your needs and interests, itelligence collects, exports, and uses personal information with adequate notice and consent, along with required filings with data protection authorities, when applicable.
When you visit our web site, we may record your IP address and use cookies and other Internet technologies (referred to below as Automated Tools and Embedded Web Links) to gather general information about our visitors and their interests. The technologies used and the information collected are described in more detail below.
We may further collect and process any information and data that you volunteer to us, e.g. when you register for events, subscribe to newsletters, participate in online surveys, discussion groups or forums, or when make purchases.
Use and Purpose of Collected Personal Data
The information itelligence collects to understand your needs and interests helps itelligence deliver a consistent and personalized experience. We will use such information only as described in this Privacy Statement and/or in the way we specify at the time of collection. We will not subsequently change the way your personal data is used without your consent, as required by applicable law. Some of the ways we may use your personal data include, but are not limited to:

To process your orders and deliver the products and services that you have ordered;
To keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, software upgrades, security patches, system enhancements, special offers, and other information. This may occasionally include information from other technology companies or business partners about products and services that can add value to your itelligence products;
To tailor information about our products and services to your individual interests. For example, during a visit to our site, it allows us to provide you with specific information on products and services that may be of interest;
To provide the ability to create personal profile areas and view protected content;
To conduct online “Click to Chat” and “Click to Call” sessions;
In order to ensure and control the quality of the information and experience you have during chat sessions with itelligence by educating our personnel to effectively answer your questions;
To provide the ability to contact you, and provide you with shipping and billing information, and to provide customer feedback and support;
To provide contests, sweepstakes or other marketing or promotional activities on the itelligence.com or affiliate websites. Personal data may be collected to administer those programs;
To conduct questionnaires and surveys in order to provide better products and services to our customers and end users. Your completion of any questionnaires is voluntary;
To support recruitment inquiries; and
To meet contractual obligations.

IP Addresses
We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems, to administer our website, and to gather demographic information. We may also use IP addresses or other information, such as your itelligence.com user information you have shared on this website or at any earlier occasion or a campaign code, to determine which pages on our sites are being visited and topics that may be of interest so we can provide you with information about relevant products and services. Generally, itelligence will aggregate such data only in an anonymous way and will not tie it to a particular individual unless he or she has given consent. When you visit our site, we recognize only your domain name.
itelligence may also collect IP addresses (and other technical information such as browser type) during a Click-to-Chat or Click-to-Call sessions that you initiate. This information is collected when you connect to itelligence so that we may identify your session, deliver content based on the technical capabilities of your browser, and for quality control purposes. Your IP address will not be used to identify you unless you provide your prior consent.
itelligence will only gather information related to your visit to the itelligence site. We do not track or collect personal information from your visits to companies or entities outside the itelligence Group of companies.
Use of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Additionally you can use this plugin: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en Google has developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. It provides website visitors more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics.
Automated Tools
In addition to the information you provide, itelligence may also collect information during your visit to an itelligence website through automated tools, which include Web beacons, cookies, embedded Web links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived at an itelligence website. Using these tools, itelligence is also able to confirm receipt of e-mails that the recipient consented to receive, and can track other information such as pages visited on the itelligence site and whether or not the recipient registers for an event offered by itelligence and certain other aggregate data that is not related to a particular individual.
Embedded Web Links
Emails from itelligence often use links designed to lead you to a relevant area on the Web, after redirection through itelligence’s servers. The redirection system allows itelligence to change the destination URL of these links, if necessary, and to determine the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives.
In emails, such links may also allow itelligence to determine if you have clicked on a link in the email, and the information about this interaction may be connected to your personal identity. If you do not want itelligence to collect information about the links you clicked, you can simply choose not to click on the links in an e-mail that itelligence sends you.
Cookies
We use cookies to deliver personalized content, to save you having to re-enter your password repeatedly, to keep track of your shopping cart, and to tailor our information offerings to how you and others use the site.
E-mail Addresses
If you choose to give us your e-mail address, we will communicate with you via e-mail. We do not share your e-mail address with others outside the itelligence Group of companies. You can choose not to receive any more e-mail at any time.
Depending on how your e-mail application is set up, information about you may be transmitted automatically when you send e-mail to itelligence.
If you choose to register for third-party services, we may need to send some information from your itelligence.com registration to the service provider, possibly including your e-mail address.
Shopping or Event Registration
Our site includes order forms that you fill out to request information, products, and services. These forms may collect your financial information, such as your banking details or credit card numbers. itelligence promises to use any financial information that you submit solely for billing and payment purposes for that special transaction. This may include the transfer of your data to third parties involved in executing the transaction, such as banks, credit card companies and other financial and credit control institutions.
Sharing Your Personal Data
As a global company, itelligence operates a number of Web sites around the world. Any data and information that you volunteer or that is otherwise collected on one of our sites in any one country may be sent electronically to a server for one of these sites in another country. We safeguard your privacy interests around the world by ensuring that this itelligence site adheres to our data protection principles described in this statement.
Companies in the itelligence Group may use the information internationally in connection with processing your inquiries and orders, to help improve our products and services and for processing and storage.
We may also share such information with business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to provide a requested service or transaction, including processing orders, processing credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting event and seminar registration and providing customer support, or providing you with information on products and services that may be of interest to you.
We only provide these third parties with the minimum amount of personal data necessary to provide the services on our behalf, and the third parties are not permitted to use your personal data except for the limited purpose of completing the requested service or transaction.
We do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so.
We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your personal data and other related information, if necessary. We also may choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, itelligence decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. Such a transaction may involve, in accordance with applicable law, the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of it from sellers. It is itelligence’s practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
We may collect and possibly share personal data and any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of itelligence’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
While visiting itelligence’s website you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted by a third-party supplier, not on itelligence.com. Most often, this is done to host special events, such as contests or seminars. When information is collected on behalf of itelligence exclusively, the appropriate itelligence entity’s Privacy Statement will be referenced on the site and will govern how information is used. For other, non-itelligence sites, the site’s owner’s privacy policy will be referenced. It is itelligence’s practice to require such suppliers and business partners to handle information in a manner consistent with itelligence’s Privacy Statement.
Security of Your Personal Data
itelligence is committed to protecting the personal data you share with us. itelligence uses a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. itelligence supports online security using secure server technology because we want your data to be safe. There are state-of-the-art security arrangements and facilities on itelligence sites to prevent abuse.
We bind our employees to observe your privacy and confidentiality rights.
Links to Other Sites
This site may contain links to other sites. itelligence is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites outside the itelligence Group of companies.
Choice/Opt-Out
We communicate with users who subscribe to our services on a regular basis via email, and we may also communicate by phone to resolve customer complaints or investigate suspicious transactions. We may use your email address to confirm your opening of an account, to send you notice of payments, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, users cannot opt out of these communications, but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional.
itelligence provides you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communication from us such as emails or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on this website or if you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties. The opt-out choice may be exercised by unsubscribing at marketing@itelligencegroup.com
Data Retention
itelligence will not retain your personal data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
Children’s Privacy
itelligence does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data from our systems.
See also:
EU Data Privacy Policy

