
Introduction
As the operator of the website at https://www.itelligencegroup.com, itelligence AG, including its national subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as “we”), is the responsible body for processing the personal data of users of the website. You will find our contact data in the company information page for the website; the persons to contact with questions regarding the processing of personal data are named in this data protection policy. We take the protection of your privacy and your private data very seriously. We collect, process and use your personal data in accordance with the content of this data protection policy and the applicable data protection regulations. With this data protection policy we wish to inform you about the extent to which we collect, process and use personal data about you.
Personal data
Personal data is information about an identified or identifiable natural person. This includes all information about your identity, such as your name, email address or mailing address. Information that cannot be associated with your identity (e.g., statistical information such as the number of users of the website) is not considered personal information.
You may use our website without disclosing your identity or personal data. If you wish to request information or apply for a job, however, we will ask for your name and other personal information. You are free to decide whether you will enter these data. We always indicate which information is required for the purpose in question (mandatory information).
No automated decisions are made based on your personal data in connection with the use of our website.
Processing of personal information
We store your data on specially protected servers within the European Union. These are protected by technical and organizational measures to prevent the loss of data or destruction, access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons. Only a few authorized persons are able to access your data. These persons are responsible for the technical, commercial or editorial support of the website. Despite regular monitoring, however, complete protection against all risks is not possible.
The personal data that you provide to us via our website are transmitted in encrypted form via the Internet. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption for data transmission.
Disclosure of personal data
We use your personal information strictly to perform the services you request (such as a request for informational material or newsletter orders). Further details about the individual services are given below.
We do not disclose the data to third parties without your express consent, especially not for advertising purposes. Your personal data will only be disclosed if you have personally consented to the disclosure yourself, or if we are entitled or obliged to disclose data on the basis of legal provisions and/or official or court orders. This may in particular involve providing information for law enforcement or security purposes or for the enforcement of intellectual property rights.
Legal basis for data processing
If we obtain consent for the processing of your personal data, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR serves as the legal basis for data processing.
If your personal data are processed because this is necessary to fulfil a contract or within the framework of a contract-like relationship with you, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR serves as the legal basis for the data processing.
If we process your personal data to fulfil a legal obligation, Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR serves as the legal basis for the data processing.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR may also be used as a legal basis for data processing if the processing of your personal data is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and if your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms do not require the protection of the personal data.
Within the framework of this data protection policy, we always indicate the legal basis being used to justify the processing of your personal data.
Data erasure and storage time
We always delete or block your personal data if the purpose for storing it ceases to apply. However, data may be stored longer if this is provided for by legal requirements to which we are subject, including with regard to statutory storage and documentation requirements. In such a case, we will delete or block your personal data after the end of those required storage periods.
Use of our homepage
Information about your computer
Each time you access our website, we collect the following information about your computer: the IP address of your computer, the query from your browser and the time of this query. In addition, we record the status and the amount of data transferred as part of this query. We also collect product and version information about the browser and operating system of the computer used. Furthermore, we record the referring website from which our own site was accessed. The IP address of your computer is only stored for the time of use of the website and is subsequently deleted or made anonymous by shortening it. The remaining data are stored for a limited period of time. We use this data for the operation of the website, in particular to detect and correct errors, to determine the degree of utilization of the website and to make adjustments or improvements. These purposes also form the basis of our legitimate interest in data processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Use of cookies
Like many other websites, our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and that store certain settings and data for interacting with our website via your browser. A cookie usually contains the name of the domain from which the cookie file was sent, information about the age of the cookie and an alphanumeric identifier.
Cookies enable us to recognize your computer and to immediately make certain settings available. Cookies help us improve our website and offer you a better and an even more customized service. For technical reasons, for example, the use of cookies is necessary to identify a registered user.
Depending on the content involved and storage time required, there are different types of cookies. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session” cookies, which are deleted when you close your browser window. In addition, there are some persistent cookies that we use to recognize you as a visitor. Many cookies originate directly from us; in addition, some individual cookies (third-party cookies) are also stored and evaluated by service providers.
Most browsers are set to automatically accept cookies, but you may deactivate the storage of cookies or set your browser so that it informs you as soon as cookies are sent. Please note that your use of our website may be restricted in some cases if you refuse the storage of cookies.
Google Analytics
For our website we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files that are placed on your computer and make it possible to analyze how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States and stored there. However, if IP anonymization is activated on this website, Google will shorten your IP address beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other countries party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The full IP address will be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and shortened there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services relating to website and Internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data.
You can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser, but please note that if you do this, your use of the site may be impaired. You can also prevent Google from collecting and processing the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Further information can be found at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en or https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en (general information on Google Analytics and data protection). Please note that the code “anonymizeIp();” has been added to Google Analytics for our website to make the IP addresses anonymous, which involves the deletion of the last octet.
We believe that, due to the protective measures taken (anonymization and the option to object), data processing for the optimization of our website is to be regarded as a legitimate interest in data processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Sharing content
On our website, we offer the ability to share individual content with third parties. When you access the corresponding feature, a new window opens in which all the necessary information for sharing the content must be entered. This window is not part of our website but is supplied by the provider of the social media pages at which the content is to be shared, or by another provider. The instructions for use of social media channels apply in this respect (see below).
Applicant portal
We offer you the opportunity to apply for a job with the itelligence Group directly through our online application form.
Use of personal data in the case of an application
All personal data from your application and all attachments you provide in your application will only be collected, processed and used by us and our subsidiaries for the purposes of the applicant selection procedure and for internal statistics. Your personal data will be stored and processed in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations. The data are stored on an itelligence AG server in the Federal Republic of Germany.
We may also send your information to a department or branch that is not located in the country where you were first interested in a position. Only those responsible for human resources and, in special cases, selected itelligence Group executives, will have access to your data. Your information will be treated as strictly confidential. No personal data will be disclosed to third parties outside the itelligence Group.
Saving your application
We will store your personal data in our system in order to match possible queries and, if applicable, to contact previous applicants in the event of new vacancies. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data with future effect or to request that your personal data be updated, corrected, blocked or deleted. Please inform us at any time by sending an email to careers@itelligence.de
If you have applied for an advertised position, the documents will automatically be deleted three months after the recruitment process is concluded, provided there are no other legitimate interests that conflict. Such legitimate interests in this sense include obligations to present proof in proceedings according to the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG), for example. In the case of an application without reference to an advertised position (unsolicited application), the application is kept for as long as there is the possibility that the application may be of interest. You have the option to request deletion of your application at any time, even before the intended retention periods have expired. In the event of a successful application, the transmitted data will be stored in compliance with legal requirements for the purpose of processing the employment relationship. In all other cases, the legal basis for storing your applicant data is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Please note that your disclosures are voluntary within the scope of your application.
Communication with itelligence
You can contact us in various ways, including through the contact form on our website and the various social media channels. You are also welcome to receive regular issues of our newsletter by email.
Contact form
If you wish to use the contact form in our website, personal data such as name and email address will be requested. We collect and use the data transmitted through the contact form exclusively to enable us to respond to your request or your concern.
You may decide for yourself what information you want to submit to us via the contact form. The legal basis for processing your data is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. After we have dealt with the matter, the data will initially be stored in case there are further inquiries. Deletion of the data may be requested at any time; otherwise, data is deleted after complete resolution of the matter. Legal storage requirements continue to apply in any event.
Social media channels
You will find links to social networks on our website. The links can be recognized by the logo of the respective provider.
Clicking on the links will open the corresponding social media pages, to which this data protection policy does not apply. Please see the privacy policies of the individual providers for details of the provisions that apply there; you will find these, for example, at:
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
YouTube: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en
Xing: https://www.xing.com/privacy
No personal information is transmitted to the respective providers before the corresponding links are accessed. Access by you of the linked page is simultaneously the basis for data processing by the respective provider.
Newsletter
When registering for our newsletter, your email address will be used for our own advertising purposes until you unsubscribe. If the form of address, first name and last name are also requested, the corresponding data serve as the form of address in the newsletter. These data are not combined with any other data.
When you order the newsletter, you will regularly receive information about the selected topics by email as well as emails for special occasions, including special promotions. The emails can be personalized and individualized based on our information about you. By registering for the newsletter you agree to a user-related analysis and profile building (see also “Profile building with web tracking tools”). Subscribe to the newsletter only if you agree with the described analysis and profile building. If you revoke your consent, will also automatically stop receiving newsletters.
For subscribing to our newsletter, if you have not given us your written consent, we will use the double opt-in procedure — that is, we will not send you a newsletter by email until you have first expressly confirmed to us that we should activate the newsletter service. We will then send you a notification email and ask you to confirm that you would like to receive our newsletter by clicking on a link contained in this email.
If you have expressly registered for the newsletter, the legal basis for processing your data is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Within the framework of legal requirements, it is also possible for you to receive our newsletter without express consent because you have ordered goods or services from us, or if we have received your email address in this connection and you have not objected to receiving information by email. In this case, our legitimate interest in transmitting direct mail for advertising pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR is to be regarded as the legal basis.
If you no longer wish to receive newsletters from us, you may object to this at any time without incurring any costs other than the costs of conveying that information according to the standard rates. Simply use the unsubscribe link included in each newsletter or send a message in text form to us or to our data protection officer (e.g., email, fax, letter).
What information do we collect and for what purpose?
Email addresses
If you provide us with your email address, we will communicate with you by email. We will not disclose your email address to third parties outside the itelligence Group. If you no longer wish to receive email from us, you can inform us at any time. When you send us an email, personal data may be transmitted automatically, depending on the settings of your email program. We will also treat this as confidential. If you register for services provided by third parties outside the itelligence Group, it may be necessary to provide parts of our registration information to the relevant service provider, including your email address. This is only done if it is necessary within the framework of the service you have requested.
Orders and registration for events
Our website includes order and registration forms that you can fill out to request information, products and services. These forms may also collect financial information such as your bank account or credit card number. Financial data transmitted to us in this manner will be used by us exclusively for invoicing and payment processing for this special transaction. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR; processing of your personal data is necessary to fulfil the contract with you.
The data will be stored by us for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the contract. In addition, we store this data for the legally prescribed period to fulfil post-contractual obligations and due to commercial and tax retention periods. This retention period is generally 10 years from the end of the respective calendar year.
Online surveys
Our surveys may ask you for demographic information such as zip codes or your industry. If contact information is collected in the survey, we will use it only to send you further information if you have explicitly consented for us to do so in the context of the survey. Here, too, you have the option of revoking this approval at any time. You may choose what information you provide to us in the context of the online surveys. The legal basis for processing your data is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
More information
Data protection throughout the itelligence Group
As a global company, we operate a number of websites worldwide. As a result, information that you submit through one of our websites in any country may be transmitted electronically to the server for these websites in another country. The itelligence Group protects your data worldwide by subjecting all online services to the standards and internal requirements described here.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to websites of other providers. We have no influence over whether these providers comply with the applicable data protection regulations. We are not responsible for the data protection practices or content of other websites. We therefore recommend that you also consult the respective data protection policy on other websites.
Use of contact information
Contact data published as part of the legal requirement to provide company information may not be used to send unsolicited advertising or information. The use of such data for this purpose is hereby expressly prohibited. We expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event that unsolicited advertising is sent, such as through spam email.
Your rights
You have extensive rights with respect to the processing of your personal data. First, you have a comprehensive right to information and may, where applicable, request correction and/or deletion or blocking of your personal data. You may also demand restrictions on the processing of your data, and you have a right to object to such processing. You also have a right to data portability governing the personal data you have provided to us. If you wish to assert one of your rights and/or to receive further information about your rights, please contact us or our data protection officer.
Consent that you have granted may be freely revoked at any time with effect for the future. Revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of processing carried out on the basis of your consent prior to revocation. The contact person for this is also our data protection officer.
If the processing of your personal data is not based on consent but rather on another legal basis, you may object to this data processing. Your objection will lead to a review and, if necessary, to termination of the data processing. You will be informed of the results of the review and — if data processing is nevertheless to be continued — we will provide you with further details as to why data processing is permissible.
If you believe our processing of your personal data is not in accordance with this data protection policy or the applicable data protection regulations, you may lodge a complaint with our data protection officer. The data protection officer will then investigate the matter and inform you of the results of the investigation. You also have the right to appeal to a supervisory authority.
Information and questions
Upon request, we will inform you whether and which personal data about you is stored by us. You have the right to revoke your consent at any time to the storage and use of your personal data and/or your user profile with future effect. To do so, contact us at itelligence AG, Online Marketing, Königsbreede 1, 33605 Bielefeld, Germany, or send an email to klaus.brandhorst@itelligence.de. In particular, your consent to the receipt of a newsletter may be revoked at any time.
If you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, you may contact our data protection officer, who is also available in the event of requests for information, suggestions or complaints.
Brian Hallman
Email: Brian.Hallman@itelligencegroup.com
Changes to the data protection policy
The status of the data protection policy is indicated by the date indicated (below). We reserve the right to change this data protection policy at any time with effect for the future. A current version may be called up directly from the website. Please visit our website regularly and consult the applicable data protection declaration.
Status: May 2018
See also:
US Data Privacy Policy
it Software License Terms & Conditions

