

	Privacy
Privacy Summary
We collect three types of information online: 
About you - the information you type in
About how you use our site - because we can track this using something called 'cookies'
About your advertising - how effective your placement is
The main ways we use this information: 
To tailor how our site can help you
To fulfil your advertising requirements and deliver what you have asked us for
To treat you more personally
To maintain your records
To send you appropriate marketing communications
For anonymous analysis about how our customers use the site
And, for your peace of mind: 
For over 100 years we have been safeguarding customer information
You can stop us sending you marketing communications
You can delete or change the information which you have given us
Copyright Notice
Unless otherwise noted, the contents of this site, including all text, graphics, icons, hyperlinks, designs video and other visual material and the selection, arrangement and layout thereof are copyright of A. C. Braby and all rights are reserved. Reproduction, downloading or copying of any material from this site, in any form whatsoever will constitute a copyright infringement and will result in civil and criminal law penalties.
Copyright © A C Braby Botswana (Pty) Ltd, Unit 3/A/2 Western Industrial Estate, Gaborone West, P.O. Box 1549, Gaborone, Botswana. All rights not expressly granted are reserved
Disclaimer notice
The content on this A.C. Braby website is proprietary to A.C. Braby and only for general information and use. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of legal or other advice, recommendation or arrangement by A.C. Braby (which includes its divisions, affiliates, joint ventures or departments) or its associated information providers, and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions. Appropriate expert advice should be obtained before making any such decision or using the information for any specific purpose.
Email disclaimer
Email transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure, error-free or to have originated from a legitimate address in A.C. Braby as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, created by a non-authorised source, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. A.C. Braby shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential) and/or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party as a result of or which may be attributable, directly of indirectly, to your receiving of this email. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. Unless the intention to contract has been expressly manifest in this message, this message shall not be construed as a solicitation to contract nor an offer or acceptance of contractual obligations.
Confidentiality notice
This website is published by A.C. Braby and is for the sole use of the intended users, and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorised review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended user, please contact A.C. Braby. You may not distribute, disseminate or copy this website for any other purposes other than its intended use.
Agreements
Before any purported agreement, that has been negotiated either wholly or partly by means of e-mail, shall be considered binding on A.C. Braby, the following terms and conditions shall apply: An advanced electronic signature, of a duly authorized member of the Board of Directors of A.C. Braby shall be required to be used and attached to any e-mail containing any offer and/or acceptance by A.C. Braby, as the case may be. Where A.C. Braby is acting as the offeror, the agreement shall be deemed to have been concluded at the time when and place where the acceptance of the offer was actually received by the Director so acting on behalf of A.C. Braby, and upon such Director expressly and manually acknowledging receipt of such acceptance.
An e-mail shall be considered to have been sent by a Director as aforesaid only if: -the Director sent it personally; or -it was sent by a person who had the required authority to act on behalf of the said Director.
If you are a client/supplier any opinion or advice contained in this e-mail is subject to the terms and conditions contained in any governing agreement.
General 
These terms and conditions shall be for the benefit of A.C. Braby and may be waived by A.C. Braby in its discretion. 
