
                            Processing for profiling and automated decision-making
                            
Like many businesses, we sometimes use automation to provide you with a quicker, better, more consistent and fair service, and marketing information we think will be of interest to you (including discounts on our products and services). This will involve evaluating information about you and, in some cases, using technology to provide you with automatic responses or decisions (automated decisions). You can click below for more information about this.
You have the right to object to direct marketing and profiling relating to direct marketing. You may also have the right to object to other types of profiling and automated decision-making set out below. In these cases, you have the right to ask us to make sure that one of our advisers reviews an automated decision, to let us know how you feel about it and to ask us to reconsider the decision. You can contact us to exercise these rights.
By law, we must tell you about:

automated decision-making (making a decision using technology, without any person being involved); and
profiling (automated processing of your information to help us evaluate certain things about you, for example, your personal preferences and your interests).


This is because you have certain rights relating to both automated decision-making and profiling. You have the right to object to profiling relating to direct marketing. If you do this, we will no longer carry out profiling for direct marketing purposes.  You also have the right to object to profiling in other circumstances set out below.
When we make decisions using only automated processing which produce legal effects which concern you or which have a significant effect on you, we will let you know. You then have 21 days to ask us to reconsider our decision or to make a new decision that is not based only on automated processing. If we receive a request from you, within 21 days of receiving your request, we will:

consider the request, including any information you have provided that is relevant to it;
meet your request; and
let you know in writing what we have done to meet your request, and the outcome.


You can contact us to ask about these rights.
Profiling and automated decision-making
The processes set out below involve both profiling and automated decision-making.

Depending on the type of health-insurance product that you want to benefit from, to help us decide what level of cover we can offer you, we will ask you to provide information about your medical history. We may use software to review this information to find out whether you have any previous or existing health conditions which we cannot cover you for and which will be excluded from your policy.
We may use software to help us calculate the price of products and services based on what we know about you and other customers. For example, our technology may analyse information about your claims history and compare it with the information we hold about previous claims to evaluate how likely you are to need to make a claim. We may also evaluate your age, where you live and other details relating to your health (such as existing health conditions and whether you smoke) to calculate prices for community-rated products which are based on predefined groups with similar risk profiles.


Profiling
The processes set out below involve profiling.

In order to improve outcomes and be more efficient, and allow us to offer advice about different treatment paths (for example, alternatives to surgery or other invasive treatments), we may use software to evaluate medical history and information about the general population in an area to identify customers who are likely to need that advice most.
When your policy is due for renewal, our software tells us this and may also evaluate your payment and claims history, information about the general information in a particular area, and other information from third parties to automatically provide you with information about what incentives we can offer you and the marketing messages you will receive.
We ask other organisations to carry out some of our consumer and market analysis to improve our marketing processes.  This involves sharing personal information relating to our customers with third parties who specialise in profiling and segmenting people (putting people into groups of different types of customer, based on different kinds of information collected about them, to help us to better target our products to them).  These companies match the information we give them with information they get from other sources to improve the accuracy of their analysis. We use the results of this analysis to help us target marketing and offers.
We may use information about the products you have bought, and information about what other customers who have bought the same products you have bought, to make sure we send you information about the products you are most likely to be interested in.
We may share your personal information (including your name, date of birth, sex and the country you live in) with third-party companies, such as FINSCAN, who we use to carry out anti-fraud checks. We will review any matches from this process. (We will not use automated  decision-making for this.)



