
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL, WRITTEN, IMPLIED, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM TOPIX OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS.
Topix respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use Topix's services ("Topix Services"). Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission or as explained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). 
Topix and Cookies
Upon your first visit to Topix.com, Topix sends a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. Topix uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more. Topix does this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people use the Topix Services. Topix will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order. 
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that some parts of the Topix Services may not function properly if you refuse cookies. 
Topix and Service Providers
We may contract with third-party entities from time to time for the following purposes:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide our Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related functionalities; and/or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

Please be advised that, in order to perform the tasks assigned to them, these third parties have access to your Personal Information.  However, these third party entities  are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Digitrust
We work with DigiTrust to set a first-party cookie in your browser to enable us and DigiTrust Partners to collect web viewing data that includes visits to this website and non-affiliated websites over time. This data may be used to infer whether you share interests with other users, and deliver advertising relevant to those inferences. This type of advertising is called interest-based advertising. You can exercise choice about the collection of data in this way for interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's choice page and opting out from DigiTrust. Opting out from DigiTrust will stop DigiTrust Partners from using the DigiTrust identifier. Through the DAA choice page, you may make other choices for companies that participate in the DAA, some of which are DigiTrust Partners. Please note that limiting third-party cookies via your browser controls does not prevent a first-party cookie from being set in this way. 
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
What Information Do We Collect?
To enhance your experience while using our Service, we may collect certain personally identifiable information for registration or contact purposes.
We also collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
The stories/sites displayed and/or linked to by the Topix.com Service are developed by entities over whom Topix exercises no control. Additional links may be also displayed on sites not controlled by Topix. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Topix encourages you to read the privacy policy of all websites you visit. Topix may choose to exhibit its results in the form of a "URL redirecter." When Topix uses a URL redirecter, if you click on a URL on a Topix page, information about the click is sent to Topix, and Topix in turn sends you to the site you clicked on. Topix uses this URL information to understand and improve the quality of Topix's technology.
Links to Other Sites 
The stories/sites displayed and/or linked to by the Topix.com Service are developed by people over whom Topix exercises no control. Other links are also on sites not controlled by Topix. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Topix encourages you to read the privacy policy of all web sites you visit. Topix may choose to exhibit its results in the form of a "URL redirecter." When Topix uses a URL redirecter, if you click on a URL on a Topix page, information about the click is sent to Topix, and Topix in turn sends you to the site you clicked on. Topix uses this URL information to understand and improve the quality of Topix's technology.
With Whom Does Topix Share Information?
Topix may share information about you with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. However, we only divulge aggregate information about our users and will not share personally identifiable information with any third party without your express consent. For example, we may disclose how frequently the average Topix user visits Topix, or which Topix pages are most often used. Please be aware, however, that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order. Further, Topix reserves the right to cooperate with legitimate law enforcement requests for information at its sole discretion.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.  If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems.
Third Party Advertising
Topix uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site.  These companies may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt out, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. This automatically-collected data is also used by Topix to analyze trends, administer the site and track users' use of the site. 
In addition, Topix collects personally identifiable information from users (including email addresses, names, gender, date of birth, and zip code) during the registration process.  This information may be used by Topix to improve our site and the overall user experience.
Geo Location Services
Topix may, through its website, iPhone applications and related sites, request your location via a geolocation service.  Through this service Topix may collect, depending on the capabilities of your device, information about the wifi routers closest to you, indentifying information related to the cell towersclosest to you, and the strength of your wifi or cell signal.  Topix will use this information to return an estimated location.  This information (including your IP address) may then be used by Topix to develop new features, products or services.  This information may also be shared on an aggregated or individual basis with our third party advertisers to display better-targeted advertising content.
Information Which is Transmitted Through Your Mobile Access to Topix's Services

As with any online internet web application, we may receive your browser history and the pages you have visited on Topix and any searches you have performed through the mobile application. You agree and acknowledge that Topix may use this information to improve its services to you. You further agree and acknowledge that Topix's third party business partners may also have access to this information and may utilize this information to improve their services to you.
Location Information. Through your use of Topix and following your acknowledgment and permission that Topix may have access to the location of your mobile device, Topix may possess real time information regarding your geographical location based on longitude and latitude parameters that are determined through your mobile device ("Location Information"). You agree and acknowledge that, if you allow transmission of your Location Information, Topix may analyze the Location Information to enhance your user experience in real time by sending data, information and/or advertisements to your mobile device related to the geographical area your mobile device indicates it is located, including tips from select participating partners, including local businesses, who may utilize this information to engage with you. You further agree and acknowledge that, in order for Topix to enhance your user experience in real time through analysis of your Location Information, Topix may possess a temporary record of your last logged Location Information until your real time current Location Information replaces the last logged Location Information.
You acknowledge and agree that Topix's third party business partners and advertisers do have the ability to collect, store and utilize your Location Information for marketing purposes to send you notifications and/or advertisements for products and services. You acknowledge and agree that Topix may share your Location Information with select thrid party business partners who may also use such Location Information to improve their services and assess your level of engagement with them.
Depending on the mobile platform that you use to access Topix's services, Topix may receive information regarding your mobile device such as your mobile device's make, model and operating system ("Mobile Device Information") and Topix may use this to enhance your user experience. Further, you agree and acknowledge that Topix may share this Mobile Device Information with its third party business partners and advertisers so that they can improve their services with you. These third party business partners and advertisers may send you advertisements or other information or notifications based on evaluation of Mobile Device Information and also assess your level of engagement with them.

Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy
By using the Topix Services and our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Service Policy. Topix may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. 
You agree that Topix may access, preserve and disclose your account information and content if required by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce these Terms of Service; (iii) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Topix, its users and the public.
Who can I ask if I have additional questions?
Feel free to contact us any time and we'll answer any additional questions you may have. If you have additional questions, feel free to contact us.

