
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Windsor Web Site "Site". Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of our Site the "Agreement". Please note that your use of our Site means that you agree to these rules.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may from time to time change these rules. We will notify users of the Site of any changes by posting the revised policy reflecting them with a new effective date on this page. Your use of our Site following any such change means that you agree to the rules as changed. These rules--specifically including the "Customer Information Policy", "Use of Cookies", "Use of IP Addresses", and "Security" paragraphs below--apply to this website only and not to any other website or business activity of Windsor Inc. or any of its divisions.
Customer Information Policy
Windsor does not intend, and the site is not designed to collect personal information from those users under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years old, you should not provide personal information to our site or in connection with the services. Windsor recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly. The information collected is used to help us respond to customer inquiries, send emails about sales and events, and other marketing and promotional materials through the mail, contact contest winners and/or ship and bill orders. The information also helps us in determining what products appeal to our customers so we can better merchandise our site.
Windsor collects personal information necessary to process an order, a contest entry or a request to receive promotional emails from the consumer. This information includes name, address, city, state, zip code, phone number, email address, gender optional and date of birth optional. For those users who have opted to register their personal profile with the Site by setting up an account, the above information, including additional Ship To addresses, can be reviewed and maintained by the customer by accessing it through the My Account link in the top navigation bar of the Sites pages. For those customers who have not registered a maintainable account on the site, they may contact Windsor customer service at 1-888-494-6376 to have their information updated as needed.
We may use customer information for marketing and promotional purposes. Each promotional email we send comes with a link that enables our customers to unsubscribe or remove themselves from our mailing list. In addition, we may from time to time make customer information available to other carefully screened companies. Categories of companies with which we may share information include other companies that we believe offer products and services that our customers may be interested in, either directly or through companies that market information about potential customers to other suppliers of products or services. If you would like to make sure that we make every effort not to share your email address or other information with third parties, just send an email message to info@windsorstore.com.
When we offer contests or promotions, or join with other companies to do so, visitors who choose to participate in these contests and promotions may be asked to provide personal information to participate. That information may then be used by us and any company offering the contest or promotions to notify winners or to fulfill promotional obligations. We may use third parties to perform services such as mailing marketing and promotional materials on our behalf. We will supply customer information to those third parties to the extent necessary to enable them to perform the services we have engaged them to provide.
Third Party Integrated Solutions
In addition to the third-party service providers discussed elsewhere in this policy, Windsor uses carefully selected third-party solution providers on its website to offer specific functionality that help improve the shopping experience for its customers. As a result, there are occasions where the Site must share customer information with one or more of those providers in order for their software to function as expected and provide our customers with the expected benefit. In addition to the third-party payment and email opt-in services which are made available through the site, Windsor currently uses the third-party providers listed below, each of which has access to some customer information as described. The companies listed have committed to Windsor to adhere to our Customer Information Policy and, in some cases, have also listed a link to their own company policy.
MyBuys:
Windsor uses MyBuys to collect information regarding consumer preferences related to Windsors' products and the Site in order to merchandise the Site effectively and make product recommendations to the Site's customers. MyBuys may use cookies and transparent GIF files to collect information on the Windsors website as part of the service. Consumers may review MyBuys' privacy policy at http://www.mybuys.com/privacy.html.
International Checkout:
Windsor allows international shoppers to obtain our products through the use of International Checkout. When a customer on the Site chooses the International Checkout option, the products in the Site's shopping cart are transferred to an International Checkout cart. The transaction then takes place completely on the InternationalCheckout.com website.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as S.B. 27, allows our California customers to request certain information regarding our disclosures, if any, of personally identifiable information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at either info@windsorstore.com or Windsor: Attn: Internet Dept., 4533 Pacific Blvd., Vernon, CA 90058 and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond. We will attempt to provide you with the requested information within thirty days of receipt.
Use Of Cookies
What is a cookie? A cookie is a piece of information that is sent to your computer's hard drive to help our site recognize you when you return to our Site. Cookies are used as a standard practice by many sites. An example of how we use this function could be if you started to place items in your shopping cart, but then for some reason had to leave our Site or shut off your computer. When you return to our Site, the cookie would enable our Site to recognize that you have returned and all the items you placed in your cart during an earlier session would still be in your shopping cart.
Windsor uses cookies to determine the number of people that come to our site. Windsor also uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting in conjunction with cookies. It is important for us to understand who our customer is and the number of new customers using our site. This helps us better serve you, the customer. When your computer accepts the cookie, we are able to record that session as a new visitor to our Site.
As important as cookies are to our Site, we understand that this might make you uncomfortable. If you would prefer to not accept cookies from ours or any other Site, you can modify the setting on your specific web browser to not accept them. Please refer to your browser's online help feature or the user's manual for instructions on how to do this.
Use Of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you get on to the internet. Your computer's IP address is used by our Site for administration purposes and to report aggregate traffic information to our affiliates and advertisers. Our Site does not tie personal information to an IP address.
Security
While no online transaction is 100% secure, Windsor strives to protect your personal information to the best of our ability. All orders submitted use the Secure Checkout feature on our Site. This feature uses the industry standard, SSL secure socket layer encryption to protect any personal information including your credit card number.
Site Contents
Except for brand names and trademarks of third-party vendors of merchandise featured on the Site, or unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials that are part of this Site collectively, the "Contents" are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by Windsor Inc. the "Company". The Site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by the Company. Windsor and all related trademarks appearing at this Site are trademarks of the Company.
The Contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our Site. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of, any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce except as noted above, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site, or any related software.
User Comments, Feedback, Postcards And Other Submissions
All comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to the Company on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site collectively, "Comments" shall be and remain the Company's property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to the Company of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus, the Company will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. The Company is and shall be under no obligation 1 to maintain any Comments in confidence; 2 to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or 3 to respond to any user Comments.
You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights. You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make.
Certain features of this website, including but not limited to the product reviews feature, are provided by third parties and may involve the access and use of third party websites, which are governed by their own terms and conditions and their own privacy policies. In such cases, the terms and conditions and privacy policies applicable to those sites, rather than the terms and conditions and privacy policies applicable to this Site, will control.
You agree that the Company may use and/or disclose information about your demographics and use of the Site in any manner that does not reveal your identity.
Product Information
The products displayed at the Site are available in select Windsor stores in the United States while supplies last. The prices displayed at the Site are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States.
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Links To Other Web Sites And Services
This Site may contain links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which the Company does not control. Any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. The privacy policy, terms of use and other conditions of access specified on or applicable to any third party site will govern access and use of such site, the site owner's use of information obtained from users, etc.
Disclaimer
THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold the Company harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
Miscellaneous
This Site is controlled and operated by the Company from its offices in Vernon, California. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the State of California, County of Los Angeles.
Termination
This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or the Company. Either of us may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice. REMEMBER -- IF YOU REGISTER WITH THE SITE, SIGN UP FOR FREE E-MAIL, PURCHASE SOMETHING FROM WINDOR, OR ENTER ANY OF OUR CONTESTS, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. AS WE UPDATE AND EXPAND OUR SERVICES, THIS POLICY MIGHT CHANGE, SO CHECK IT OUT FROM TIME TO TIME.
Privacy Policy
Windsor Fashions is committed to respecting the privacy rights of online visitors to our Site. Windsor Fashions also recognizes the importance of protecting information collected about you. While visiting the Windsor Fashions site, we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you, including but not limited to any name, address, telephone number, email address, birth date, credit card or payment information, or other information that could be used to contact you or any other identifying information that you may disclose to Windsor Fashions for purposes of interacting with our site, including, for example, when you ask for information, enter a contest, order our products, or download material "Personal Information". If you choose to provide Windsor Fashions with your Personal Information, it will permit us to make your use of our site and services more enjoyable. Windsor Fashions uses your Personal Information to help you quickly find goods, services, or information on the site.
In order to comply with anti-spam standards, we collect IP addresses for all contact from submittals. Windsor Fashions may also track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics for our own internal business purposes.
There is a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser which may then store it on your system. Some Windsor Fashions pages may use cookies so that we may better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Windsor Fashions may also track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics for our own internal business purposes. Windsor Fashions may also aggregate such information and make it available to others as part of its business; however, Windsor Fashions will not identify you when providing such information. If you choose not to have your Personal information used as a basis for further contact with Windsor Fashions or one of its business partners, you may "opt out." If you choose not to give us your Personal information, you can still use most of this site. You merely will not be able to access areas that require registration. We occasionally provide your name and postal address but not your email address to a select group of companies whose products you may find of interest. If you do not want us to share this information with these companies, we can add your name to our "do-not-share" list. Please contact us for more information. Windsor Fashions reserves the right to make exceptions, such as when we believe that an emergency, illegal activity or some other reasonable basis exists for notifying or providing such information to the appropriate authorities.
Security Policy
Shopping on windsorstore.com is safe because we use highly advanced technology to make sure your information remains secure. We protect your online order and personal information by using Secure Sockets Layer SSL technology. To make sure you are accessing a secure server, look at the lower left or right hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or closed lock depending on your browser, then SSL is active. Some versions of browsers and firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you'll be unable to connect to the server so you won't have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection.
User Submissions
You may post or upload content you have created, including without limitation, photographs, your social media handle, videos, and comments collectively, User Submissions to your social media accounts. By posting and uploading User Submissions that you have tagged with [#yesWindsor] or other [Windsor] brand hashtags, you grant to [Windsor Fashions, Inc.,] its third-party service providers who provide content management services, and its retail partners collectively, the Licensed Parties the perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, non-exclusive, transferable right to use your [Windsor]-tagged User Submissions in any manner to be determined in the Licensed Parties sole discretion, including but not limited to on their webpages, social media pages operated by [Windsor], and in other marketing, promotional and advertising initiatives, in any media now or hereafter known. [Windsor] may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works from, combine with other materials, alter and/or edit your User Submissions in any manner in its sole discretion, with no obligation to you whatsoever. You acknowledge and agree that Windsor has no obligation to compensate you for use of your User Submissions. You grant the Licensed Parties the right to use your username, real name, image, likeness, caption, location or other identifying information in connection with any use of your User Submissions. You hereby represent and warrant that i you own all rights in and to your User Submissions, ii you have permission from all persons appearing in your User Submissions to grant the rights granted herein; iii you are not a minor, and iv the Licensed Parties use of your User Submissions as described herein will not violate the rights of any third party or any law. You hereby release, discharge and agree to hold [Windsor], the Licensed Parties, and any person acting on [Windsors] or their behalf harmless from any liability related in any way to the Licensed Parties use of your User Submissions.
Contest
PLEASE READ THESE RULES CAREFULLY PRIOR TO PARTICIPATION OR ENTRY. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO REGISTER, ENTER, OR WIN. OPEN ONLY TO INDIVIDUALS AGED 18 OR AGED 13-18 WITH PARENT PERMISSION.
A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
The #windsorstore Contest 2016 ("The Contest") is created and sponsored by Windsor Fashion's, Inc., ("Sponsor" or "Windsor"), 9603 John St., Santa Fe Springs, CA 90670. By participating in The Contest, you agree to the terms and conditions of the Windsor website, which are available https://www.windsorstore.com/customer-service/privacy-policy, incorporated herein by reference, and that your participation will be governed by, and you shall abide by, all of the following rules (the "Contest Rules") outlined herein.
 

If there is a dispute as to the identity of an entrant, the Prize will be awarded to the authorized account holder of the Instagram account associated with the winning Entry, as registered with Instagram. Windsor shall have no liability for a Winner's failure to receive notices due to Winners' failure to check Instagram; due to spam, junk e-mail or other security settings; or for Winners' provision of incorrect or otherwise non-functioning contact information. Windsor may in its discretion announce the name of the potential Winner on www.windsorstore.comor in other forms of communication. The receipt by any Winner of the prize offered in this Contest is conditioned upon compliance with any and all federal and state laws and regulations.
The failure of a potential winner promptly to prove eligibility, sign the required declaration and grant of rights in the Entry, or Windsor's inability to contact the potential winner, will result in immediate disqualification and selection of an alternative winner.
ANY VIOLATION OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES BY ANY WINNER (AT SPONSOR'S SOLE DISCRETION) WILL RESULT IN SUCH WINNERS DISQUALIFICATION AS WINNER OF THE CONTEST AND ALL PRIVILEGES AS WINNER WILL BE IMMEDIATELY TERMINATED.
 

Further, in any such dispute, under no circumstances will Participant be permitted to obtain awards for, and hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, or consequential damages, including reasonable attorneysâ fees, other than Participantâs actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e. costs associated with entering The Contest), and participant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, IN NO EVENT WILL THE SPONSOR OR THE SPONSOR PARTIES BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTICIPANT OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF REVENUES, LOST PROFITS, LOST CAPITAL OR OVERHEAD, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT SPONSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Eligibility: The Contest is open only to individuals who (a) are legal residents of the United States or the District of Columbia, and (b) as of the date of the individual's first Entry, are at least thirteen (13) years old with permission from a parent or legal guardian, or are at least eighteen (18) years old. Sponsor in its discretion may require a person who submits an Entry ("Participant") to provide verification of eligibility. The following individuals are not eligible to enter or win The Contest: current or former (within the immediately preceding 12 months) employees, officers, directors, and contractors of Windsor Fashion's, Inc., and anyone involved in the administration of The Contest, and any member of the immediate family (i.e., a parent, sibling, child or grandchild) or household of any of the foregoing individuals.

Entry Period: Entries will be accepted starting at 12:01 a.m. Pacific Time, November 15, 2016 and ending 11:59 p.m. Pacific Time, March 1, 2017 (the "Contest Entry Period"). The timestamp generated by Instagram shall be the official time-keeping device for The Contest.

How to Enter: All Entries shall be submitted through Instagram. Individuals must have or open an account with Instagram in order to participate in The Contest. Instagram accounts are subject to the Instagram terms and conditions. Instagram account must not be set to "private" (Windsor can only see your "public" photographs). In order to enter, complete the following steps:


Follow @windsorstore on Instagram;
Upload to Instagram an original photograph of yourself wearing a cute outfit from Windsor with at least one Windsor item; and
Include the hashtag #windsorstore and tag @windsorstore in the caption and/or image.

 

To enter more than one photograph, repeat steps 2 and 3. Each original photograph and outfit will constitute one (1) Entry. Each eligible Participant may submit an unlimited number of Entries during the Contest Entry Period. By using the hashtags #windsorstore to submit an Entry, you warrant and represent that your Entry photograph is original and does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party,you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish and exploit the Entry photograph, the Entry does not feature trademarks, logos, or brand names other than Windsor, and the Entry is not made for any improper purpose such as to intimidate or harass any individual or to ridicule, disparage, or embarrass Windsor.
No Entry shall contain any language or imagery which Windsor deems, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be inappropriate, indecent, obscene, hateful, tortious, defamatory, or that promotes discrimination on the basis of race, gender, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age. Windsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any Entry that contains any such language or imagery or which otherwise may be in violation of any law. Late, incomplete and/or inaccurate entries and entries not complying with all Rules are subject to disqualification. Any form of automated entry, including by the use of macros, scripts or bots, will be disqualified. Furthermore, by entering, each Participant represents and warrants that each Entry complies with these Contest Rules in full. Entries must not contain any material that Windsor, in its sole discretion, deems inappropriate for public viewing and/or determines is contrary to the Contest mission. Windsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify and/or not accept any Entry that Sponsor determines does not or is likely not to comply with these guidelines.
Your submission of an Entry constitutes your legal representation that you are eligible to participate in The Contest, and that you have read and agree to be bound by these Rules.

All Entries must be posted to Instagram no later than 11:59 pm Pacific Time on March 1, 2017.


Judging Criteria: All Entries will be judged by Windsor personnel, to be selected by Windsor at its sole discretion (the "Judges"). The Judges shall select a Winner each week using the following equally weighted criteria: Creativity; composition of photograph; and relevance to trending and seasonal clothing on windsorstore.com. Decisions of the Judges are final and binding.

Winner Notification, Requirements, and Grant of Rights: Windsor, using the @windsorstore Instagram account, will notify each week's Winner by making an Instagram comment on the winning Entry (the "Notification"), on the Monday immediately following the Weekly Judging Period in which the photograph was entered. To claim the Prize, Winner must respond to the Notification within forty-eight (48) hours of its posting by DMing @windsorstore on Instagram with the Winner's full legal name, home, and email addresses. By accepting the gift card the Winner releases rights to Windsor without additional compensation.
Prizes: There shall be one (1) prize awarded each week during the Entry Period (the "Weekly Prize") consisting of one gift card to www.windsorstore.com in the amount of $50.00 (Weekly Prize ARV: $50.00. No cash or other prize substitutions are permitted except at Sponsor's sole discretion. The prize is nontransferable. Any and all prize related expenses, including, without limitation, any and all federal, state, and/or local taxes shall be the sole responsibility of each Winner. Gift card shall be subject to the terms and conditions delivered with the gift card.

Limitation of Liability: By entering, each Participant agrees to and hold harmless Windsor and its subsidiaries, affiliates, advertising and promotion agencies, partners, representatives, agents, successors, assigns, employees, officers and directors (all of the foregoing, the "Sponsor Parties") from any liability, illness, injury, death, loss, litigation, claim or damage that may occur, directly or indirectly, whether caused by negligence or not, from (i) such Participant's participation in The Contest and/or her acceptance, possession, use, or misuse of any prize or any portion thereof, (ii) technical failures of any kind, including but not limited any loss or damage to any Entry, (iii) the malfunctioning of any computer, cable, network, hardware or software; (iv) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any transmissions or telephone or Internet service; (v) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or The Contest; (vi) electronic or human error which may occur in the administration of The Contest or the processing of Entries; to the maximum extent allowed by law. Some jurisdictions may not permit certain liability limitations or waivers. If any court determines the law of such a jurisdiction applies, our liability shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.

All Decisions Final: All decisions of Sponsor and Sponsor Parties are final and binding in all respects.

Disputes: THE CONTEST IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT RESPECT TO CONFLICT OF LAW DOCTRINES. As a condition of participating in The Contest, to the fullest extent allowed by law, Participant agrees that any and all disputes, claims, causes of action or controversies arising out of or in connection with The Contest, shall be resolved in arbitration individually and without resort to collective, class, or aggregate action, as set forth in the Terms and Conditions of the windsorstore.com website. By registering and/or submitting an Entry, each Participant irrevocably waives, to the greatest extent allowed by law, any right to seek and/or obtain rescission and/or equitable and/or injunctive relief.
General Terms and Conditions: All federal, state, and local laws and regulations apply, and The Contest is void where prohibited. Windsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend The Contest should (in its sole discretion) a virus, bugs, non-authorized human intervention, fraud or other causes beyond its control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness or proper conduct of The Contest. In such case, Windsor may select the recipients from all eligible Entries received prior to and/or after (if appropriate) the action taken by Windsor. Windsor reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual who tampers or attempts to tamper with the entry process or the operation of The Contest or who violates these Contest Rules. Sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, incomplete, damaged, mutilated, misdirected, misdelivered, or delayed Entries, or for technical or human errors or failures of any kind in connection with the submission, transmission, processing or selection of Entries or the winning Entry, including without limitation any malfunctions or failures of computer hardware, computer software, networks or telephone equipment or any technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website or late, lost, damaged, or postage due mail, or any combination thereof. Caution: Any attempt by a person to deliberately damage any Web site or undermine the legitimate operation of The Contest is a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent of the law. Sponsor is not responsible for any typographical or other error in the printing of the offer, administration of The Contest, or in the announcement of the prize. Sponsor shall not be responsible for retaining copies of any Entry. These Contest Rules set forth the entire agreement and understanding between Sponsor and Participant concerning the subject matter hereof and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements, and understandings of any kind between them. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, at any future time to terminate, modify, or suspend The Contest for any reason, in Sponsor's sole discretion. Participant shall be deemed an independent contractor and nothing contained herein shall constitute this arrangement to be employment, a joint venture, or a partnership. Sponsor's failure to enforce any provision of these Contest Rules shall not constitute a waiver of any provision contained herein. If any provision of these Rules is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or appointed arbitrator, such determination shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision herein. The titles of Sections of these Contest Rules are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal effect. The word "including" is used in these Contest Rules to mean "including but not limited to."

Name of Winner: Each week's Winner will be announced, and the Winner's name made available on the windsorstore.com instagram, instagram.com/windsorstore, on Monday.

Disclaimer: The Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Instagram, and in no instance shall Instagram and its subsidiaries, affiliates, advertising and promotion agencies, partners, representatives, agents, successors, assigns, employees, officers and directors (all of the foregoing, the "Instagram Parties") be liable for any disputes, claims, causes of action or controversies arising out of or in connection with The Contest.



