
Privacy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you respond to a survey or fill out a form.
        In those cases you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visits to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Our servers may collect some of your personal information such as IP addresses and destination URLs, in order to analyze site behavior and resolve potential technical and other issues.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:

To personalize your experience 
            (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website 
            (we continually strive to improve what we offer on our website based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To process transactions.
            Your information, whether public or private,   will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company   for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the   express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service   requested.
To utilize proper technical maintenance of the site. 
To provide new and improved services on the site.. 

How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow it) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights, property, or safety, or those of others. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act).
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section which contains terms of use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us here.

Terms of use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY, AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.
1. Introduction
Welcome to OOYYO which is owned and operated by OOYYO LLC.  Your access to and use of this Site and the products and services (collectively, the “Services”) found at this Site is subject to the following terms and conditions of use ("Terms of Use").
Whether you are a registered user or customer of this Site (collectively, "User"), your use of this Site signifies that you have read, understood, acknowledged and agreed to be bound by these Terms of Use.
OOYYO LLC may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change or modify these Terms of Use, and the corporate policies which are incorporated herein, at any time and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon the earlier of (i) our email notification to you advising you of such changes or modifications or (ii) your use of this Site after such changes or modifications have been posted to this Site as indicated by the “Last Revised” date at the top of this page.  Your continued use of this Site after such revision date constitutes your acceptance of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) this Site. 
2. User Authentication
This Site and the Services found at this Site are available only to Users who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. By using this Site or the Services found at this Site, you represent and warrant that you are (i) at least sixteen (16) years of age, and/or (ii) otherwise recognized as being able to form legally binding contracts under applicable law.
If you are agreeing to these Terms of Use on behalf of a corporate entity, you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity to these Terms of Use, in which case the terms "you", "your" or “User” shall refer to such corporate entity.  If, after your agreement to these Terms of Use, OOYYO LLC finds that you do not have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity, you will be personally responsible for the obligations contained in these Terms of Use. OOYYO LLC shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from OOYYO LLC reliance on any instruction, notice, document or communication reasonably believed by OOYYO LLC to be genuine and originating from an authorized representative of your corporate entity. If there is reasonable doubt about the authenticity of any such instruction, notice, document or communication, OOYYO LLC reserves the right (but undertakes no duty) to require additional authentication from you.
If you are visiting this Site from a country other than the country in which our servers are located, your communications with us may result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting this Site and communicating electronically with us, you consent to such transfers.
3. Acknowledgements
You acknowledge and agree that:

Your use of this Site and the Services found at this Site, including any content you submit, will comply with these Terms of Use and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.
You will not impersonate another User or any other person or entity, or submit content on behalf of another User or any other person or entity, without their express prior written consent.
You will not collect or harvest (or permit anyone else to collect or harvest) any User Content (as defined below) or any non-public or personally identifiable information about another User or any other person or entity without their express prior written consent.
You will not use this Site or the Services found at this Site in a manner (as determined by OOYYO LLC in its sole and absolute discretion) that is illegal, or promotes or encourages illegal activity.

OOYYO LLC reserves the right to modify, change, or discontinue any aspect of this Site or the Services found at this Site, including without limitation prices and fees for the same, at any time.
Some of the features of this Site and the Services found at this Site may allow Users to view, post, publish, share, store, or manage (a) ideas, opinions, recommendations, or advices (“User Submissions”), or (b) other content, including but not limited to photos and videos (together with User Submissions, “User Content”). By posting or publishing User Content to this Site and the Services found at this Site, you represent and warrant to OOYYO LLC  that (i) you have all necessary rights to distribute User Content via this Site or via the Services found at this Site, either because you are the author of the User Content and have the right to distribute the same, or because you have the appropriate distribution rights, licenses, consents, and/or permissions to use, in writing, from the copyright or other owner of the User Content, and (ii) you do not violate the rights of any third party.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with the security-related features of this Site or the Services found at this Site (including without limitation those features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any OOYYO LLC Content or User Content) or enforce limitations on the use of this Site or the Services found at this Site, OOYYO LLC Content or the User Content therein.
4. Confidentiality
Our Site uses forms in which you give us contact information (including your name, address, telephone number, and email address) so you can request information and support, and make suggestions. Please note that we are not storing your financial data such as credit card number.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Site or give us in any other way, including through email, telephone, or other communications with our customer service department.

        We use your information to contact you regarding functionality changes to our products, our Site, new OOYYO LLC services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable.
We use information gathered about you from our Site's statistics (for example, your IP address) to help diagnose problems, and to administer our Site. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information, except as necessary to prevent fraud or abuse on our system.
5. Third-party Websites
This Site and the Services found at this Site may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by OOYYO LLC. OOYYO LLC assumes no responsibility for the content, terms and conditions, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites. In addition, OOYYO LLC does not censor or edit the content of any third-party websites. By using this Site or the Services found at this Site, you expressly release OOYYO LLC from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, OOYYO LLC encourages you to be aware when you leave this Site or the Services found at this Site and to review the terms and conditions, privacy policies, and other governing documents of each other website that you may visit.
You specifically acknowledge and agree that your use of this Site and the Services found at this Site shall be at your own risk and that this Site and the Services found at this Site are provided “as is”, “as available” and “with all faults”. OOYYO LLC, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, statutory, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. OOYYO LLC, its officers, directors, employees, and agents make no representations or warranties about (i) the accuracy, completeness, or content of this Site, (ii) the accuracy, completeness, or content of any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, and/or (iii) the Services found at this Site or any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, and OOYYO LLC assumes no liability or responsibility for the same.
In addition, you specifically acknowledge and agree that no oral or written information or advice provided by OOYYO LLC, its officers, directors, employees, or agents (including without limitation its call center or customer service representatives) will (i) constitute legal or financial advice or (ii) create a warranty of any kind with respect to this Site and the Services found at this Site, and user should not rely on any such information or advice.
The foregoing disclaimer of representations and warranties shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law, and shall survive any termination or expiration of these Terms of Use or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.
In no event OOYYO LLC, its officers, directors, employees, or agents be liable to you or any other person or entity for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever, including any that may result from (i) the accuracy, completeness, or content of this Site, (ii) the accuracy, completeness, or content of any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, (iii) the Services found at this Site, or any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, (iv) personal injury or property damage of any nature whatsoever, (v) third-party conduct of any nature whatsoever, (vi) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all content, personal information, financial information or other information and data stored therein, (vii) any interruption or cessation of services to or from this Site or any sites linked  (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, (viii) any viruses, worms, bugs, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or from this Site or any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, (ix) any user content or content that is defamatory, harassing, abusive, harmful to minors or any protected class, pornographic, “x-rated”, obscene or otherwise objectionable, and/or (x) any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of this Site or the services found at this Site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal or equitable theory, and whether or not OOYYO LLC is advised of the possibility of such damages.
In addition, you specifically acknowledge and agree that in no event shall OOYYO LLC total aggregate liability exceed the total amount paid by you for the particular services that are the subject of the cause of action.

        The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law, and survive any termination or expiration of these terms of use or your use of this Site or the services found at this Site.
You agree to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless OOYYO LLC and its officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against any and all claims, demands, costs, expenses, losses, liabilities and damages of every kind and nature (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) imposed upon or incurred by OOYYO LLC directly or indirectly arising from (i) your use of and access to this Site or the Services found at this Site; (ii) your violation of any provision of these Terms of Use or the corporate policies which are incorporated herein; and/or (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any intellectual property or other proprietary right. The indemnification obligations under this section shall survive any termination or expiration of these Terms of Use or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.
These Terms of Use shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and assigns.
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
OOYYO LLC makes no representation or warranty that the content available on this Site or the Services found at this Site are appropriate in every country or jurisdiction, and access to this Site or the Services found at this Site from countries or jurisdictions where its content is illegal is prohibited. Users who choose to access this Site or the Services found at this Site are responsible for compliance with all local laws, rules and regulations.
The titles and headings of these Terms of Use are for convenience and ease of reference only and shall not in any way be utilized to construe or interpret the agreement of the parties as otherwise set forth herein. Each covenant and agreement in these Terms of Use shall for all purposes be construed to be a separate and independent covenant or agreement. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision (or portion of a provision) of these Terms of Use to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions (or portions of provisions) of these Terms of Use shall not be affected thereby and shall be found to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
6. Industrial and Intellectual Property
OOYYO LLC is the owner of the domain www.ooyyo.com
This website in its entirely, including without any exceptions, its design, structure and distribution, text and contents, logos, buttons, images, source code, as well as the intellectual and industrial property rights and any other distinctive sign related to the aforementioned, to the website itself, and any other that appears on the website, as well as all those related to the services offered by OOYYO LLC and those owned by OOYYO LLC, pertain to OOYYO LLC and/or the corresponding owner, and, therefore, it is prohibited to, by means, their use, exploitation, copy, reproduction, as well as their elimination, damage, and/or modification, registration and/or request of registration them, partially or totally, temporarily or permanently, and any other similar presently or in the future without OOYYO LLC’s express and written authorization, and/or of the corresponding owner, without the possibility to understand that exists a licence or authorization whatever its nature, total and/or partial, to any third parties and/or client by OOYYO LLC and/or from the corresponding owner. OOYYO LLC reserves the right to unilaterally redesign and modify, in any moment, and without further notice, the presentation and configuration of OOYYO LLC’s websites.
OOYYO name and OOYYO logo are registered trademarks of OOYYO LLC. All other OOYYO trademarks, service marks, domain names, logos, company names and indicia of origin referred to on the sites are either trademarks, service marks, domain names, logos, company names or indicia of origin or are otherwise the property of OOYYO LLC.  You may not use any trademark, service mark, domain name, logo, company name, trade name or indicia of origin of OOYYO or any third party without permission from the owner of the applicable trademark, service mark, domain name, logo, company name, trade name or indicia of origin.
All the rights of industrial or intellectual property and any other distinctive sign, including without exception, contents, documents, texts and reports published on this website, as well as images, design, graphics, drawings, buttons, logos, brands, of the contributors to OOYYO LLC’s website, pertain to their authors, therefore, it is prohibited, in any means, to use, exploit, copy or reproduce them, as well as eliminating, damaging and/or modifying them, registering and/or attempting to register them, partially or totally, temporarily or permanently, presently or in the future, without the authorization by the authors.

        If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us by email or regular mail at the following address:
OOYYO LLC Legal Department,
        40 East Main Street, No. 275
        Newark, Delaware, 19715, US
legal@ooyyo.com 

