
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
OOYYO LLC (“we,” “us” or “OOYYO.com”) cares about protecting the personal information of the customers and visitors who use our websites or services (collectively, our “Users”). This Privacy Policy applies to all visitors and users of our Website and provides details about how your personal information is collected, shared and used by us, when you are visiting and using:

OOYYO website at www.ooyyo.com (the "Website")
social media or official OOYYO content on other websites;
our website on mobile devices and our Applications ("Apps")


It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us by phone, email, in letters and other correspondence. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect information about you and what we do with that information once we have it. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your Personal Information. Please read the following Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your Personal Information and how we will handle it.

Your Consent
By using our Website, you explicitly agree to the Privacy Policy set out below and agree that you fully understand and consent to it.
Contact information for the Data Controller
For the purposes of this Policy, the data controller is OOYYO LLC (registered in USA under company registration number 5079535) and whose registered office address is at OOYYO LLC, 40 East Main Street, No. 275, Newark, Delaware, 19711, US.
Your rights as a data subject under the general data protection regulation (GDPR)
At any point while we are in possession or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:

Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information in our records. 
Right of rectification – you have the right to correct data that we hold about you in case it is inaccurate.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply you have the right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – in certain circumstances you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organization.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing, automated processing or profiling.
Right to complain to the supervisory authority – you have the right to complain using the contact form on the Website or the e-mail below.

Please email legal@ooyyo.com if you have any queries regarding your rights.
In what cases do we collect your personal data and what type of data do we collect?
In this Privacy Policy, the term “personal data” is used in connection with any information which identifies you or may be used to identify you, such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. If you decide to provide us with your personal data, OOYYO will gain access to the following:


Personal data provided voluntarily by the user:


Email address


Geolocation, provided that the user activates this option on his/her device


Any personal data which the user may send directly to OOYYO. All conversations and email exchanges are recorded. Any personal information that you disclose during an online form and /or e-mail will be accessible to and processed by OOYYO.




Personal data which our website collects from your computer or electronic device:


Cookies - For more information on the use of cookies by OOYYO, please read our Cookie Policy.


IP - When you use the Website we will also collect your IP address.


Information we collect if you use our Mobile Applications: If you choose to download or use our Mobile Applications, or access one of our mobile optimized sites, we may receive information about your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with services such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.




Non-personal information. "Non-Personal Information" we may collect is any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as:


Browser information


Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies such as scripts


Demographic information and other information provided by you


Aggregated information




How we use the information we collect


How We Use and Disclose Non-Personal Information: Because Non-Personal Information does not personally identify you, we may use and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose, such as:

To improve our Website and utilize proper technical maintenance of the site: to provide and administer the Website and related services and manage internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical purposes, and to develop the Website and our services.
To generate an overall audience profile of visitors using the Website. We use this information to assist us in developing relevant content on the Website.
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) 



How We Use Personal Information

To respond to requests made by the users.



Disclosure of your information

We may use service providers to help us run the Website, some of whom may be based outside the EEA. Our Website includes social media features, such as the Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ buttons. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these features are governed by the Privacy Policy of the company providing it.
We may disclose your personal information where we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation.
We may disclose your personal and non-personal information to a third-party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We may share any information that we collect with parties including: our legal and professional advisors, the police, other public or private sector agencies, governmental or representative bodies in accordance with the relevant legislation for the purposes of the prevention or detection of offences, or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders.
We may use personal information to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Website.
We may disclose your personal information in case we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.


We may share any information that we collect with parties including: our third-party service providers who provide services such as data analysis, infrastructure provision, IT services, email delivery services and other similar services. We are not responsible for any use of your personal data by these parties except where they act as our processor.


Why do we process your personal data?


OOYYO may process your personal data on any of the following legal grounds: (a) for legitimate commercial purposes; (b) if it is necessary in connection with the performance of an agreement you are party to; (c) if it is necessary so that OOYYO may comply with its legal and regulatory obligations; and (d) if you have given your consent to said processing.


Third-party links

This Website contains links to external websites. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites, including any third-party operating any site to which this Website contains a link. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Website and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Social networks


OOYYO is present on some of the main social networks on the Internet, where it acts as data controller in connection with personal data published by OOYYO. OOYYO will process personal data on each social network in accordance with the rules established by the relevant social network to such end. Therefore, OOYYO may inform its followers on each social network of its activities and related matters. OOYYO will not collect personal data from social networks except otherwise expressly agreed to by the user.


Policy regarding the use of the Website by children


The Website is not designed for or addressed to children, who may not use it without an authorization of their parents or legal guardians. In this regard, we do not collect information from children deliberately. We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act).

How do we protect your personal data?
We take our security responsibilities seriously and we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us at legal@ooyyo.com.
How long will we keep your personal data?
OOYYO will process your personal data for as long as may be necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and will keep your data as provided by applicable laws and regulations. 
Who may gain access to your personal data?
Depending on the purpose of collection of your personal data, said information may be accessed by the following persons without distinction:

Staff authorized by OOYYO or its representatives. 
Regulatory authorities or other third-parties as provided by applicable law.
Third-party service providers which may process information as personal data processors, ensuring that we may share said information under enforceable data protection law.

We shall refrain from selling or disclosing to third-parties any information or personal data provided by you on our Website which may identify you directly or indirectly.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. 
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice to you. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Your use of the Website following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
Complaints and Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email legal@ooyyo.com.
Last modified: May 24, 2018


Terms of use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY, AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.
1. Introduction
Welcome to OOYYO which is owned and operated by OOYYO LLC. Your access to and use of this Site and the products and services (collectively, the “Services”) found at this Site is subject to the following terms and conditions of use ("Terms of Use").
Whether you are a registered user or customer of this Site (collectively, "User"), your use of this Site signifies that you have read, understood, acknowledged and agreed to be bound by these Terms of Use.
OOYYO LLC may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change or modify these Terms of Use, and the corporate policies which are incorporated herein, at any time and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon the earlier of (i) our email notification to you advising you of such changes or modifications or (ii) your use of this Site after such changes or modifications have been posted to this Site as indicated by the “Last Revised” date at the top of this page. Your continued use of this Site after such revision date constitutes your acceptance of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) this Site. 
2. User Authentication
This Site and the Services found at this Site are available only to Users who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. By using this Site or the Services found at this Site, you represent and warrant that you are (i) at least sixteen (16) years of age, and/or (ii) otherwise recognized as being able to form legally binding contracts under applicable law.
If you are agreeing to these Terms of Use on behalf of a corporate entity, you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity to these Terms of Use, in which case the terms "you", "your" or “User” shall refer to such corporate entity. If, after your agreement to these Terms of Use, OOYYO LLC finds that you do not have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity, you will be personally responsible for the obligations contained in these Terms of Use. OOYYO LLC shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from OOYYO LLC reliance on any instruction, notice, document or communication reasonably believed by OOYYO LLC to be genuine and originating from an authorized representative of your corporate entity. If there is reasonable doubt about the authenticity of any such instruction, notice, document or communication, OOYYO LLC reserves the right (but undertakes no duty) to require additional authentication from you.
If you are visiting this Site from a country other than the country in which our servers are located, your communications with us may result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting this Site and communicating electronically with us, you consent to such transfers.
3. Acknowledgements
You acknowledge and agree that:

Your use of this Site and the Services found at this Site, including any content you submit, will comply with these Terms of Use and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.
You will not impersonate another User or any other person or entity, or submit content on behalf of another User or any other person or entity, without their express prior written consent.
You will not collect or harvest (or permit anyone else to collect or harvest) any User Content (as defined below) or any non-public or personally identifiable information about another User or any other person or entity without their express prior written consent.
You will not use this Site or the Services found at this Site in a manner (as determined by OOYYO LLC in its sole and absolute discretion) that is illegal, or promotes or encourages illegal activity.

OOYYO LLC reserves the right to modify, change, or discontinue any aspect of this Site or the Services found at this Site, including without limitation prices and fees for the same, at any time.
Some of the features of this Site and the Services found at this Site may allow Users to view, post, publish, share, store, or manage (a) ideas, opinions, recommendations, or advices (“User Submissions”), or (b) other content, including but not limited to photos and videos (together with User Submissions, “User Content”). By posting or publishing User Content to this Site and the Services found at this Site, you represent and warrant to OOYYO LLC that (i) you have all necessary rights to distribute User Content via this Site or via the Services found at this Site, either because you are the author of the User Content and have the right to distribute the same, or because you have the appropriate distribution rights, licenses, consents, and/or permissions to use, in writing, from the copyright or other owner of the User Content, and (ii) you do not violate the rights of any third party.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with the security-related features of this Site or the Services found at this Site (including without limitation those features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any OOYYO LLC Content or User Content) or enforce limitations on the use of this Site or the Services found at this Site, OOYYO LLC Content or the User Content therein.
4. Confidentiality
Our Site uses forms in which you give us contact information (including your name, address, telephone number, and email address) so you can request information and support, and make suggestions. Please note that we are not storing your financial data such as credit card number.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Site or give us in any other way, including through email, telephone, or other communications with our customer service department.

We use your information to contact you regarding functionality changes to our products, our Site, new OOYYO LLC services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable.
We use information gathered about you from our Site's statistics (for example, your IP address) to help diagnose problems, and to administer our Site. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information, except as necessary to prevent fraud or abuse on our system.
5. Third-party Websites
This Site and the Services found at this Site may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by OOYYO LLC. OOYYO LLC assumes no responsibility for the content, terms and conditions, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites. In addition, OOYYO LLC does not censor or edit the content of any third-party websites. By using this Site or the Services found at this Site, you expressly release OOYYO LLC from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, OOYYO LLC encourages you to be aware when you leave this Site or the Services found at this Site and to review the terms and conditions, privacy policies, and other governing documents of each other website that you may visit.
You specifically acknowledge and agree that your use of this Site and the Services found at this Site shall be at your own risk and that this Site and the Services found at this Site are provided “as is”, “as available” and “with all faults”. OOYYO LLC, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, statutory, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. OOYYO LLC, its officers, directors, employees, and agents make no representations or warranties about (i) the accuracy, completeness, or content of this Site, (ii) the accuracy, completeness, or content of any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, and/or (iii) the Services found at this Site or any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, and OOYYO LLC assumes no liability or responsibility for the same.
In addition, you specifically acknowledge and agree that no oral or written information or advice provided by OOYYO LLC, its officers, directors, employees, or agents (including without limitation its call center or customer service representatives) will (i) constitute legal or financial advice or (ii) create a warranty of any kind with respect to this Site and the Services found at this Site, and user should not rely on any such information or advice.
The foregoing disclaimer of representations and warranties shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law, and shall survive any termination or expiration of these Terms of Use or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.
In no event OOYYO LLC, its officers, directors, employees, or agents be liable to you or any other person or entity for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever, including any that may result from (i) the accuracy, completeness, or content of this Site, (ii) the accuracy, completeness, or content of any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, (iii) the Services found at this Site, or any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, (iv) personal injury or property damage of any nature whatsoever, (v) third-party conduct of any nature whatsoever, (vi) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all content, personal information, financial information or other information and data stored therein, (vii) any interruption or cessation of services to or from this Site or any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, (viii) any viruses, worms, bugs, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or from this Site or any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this Site, (ix) any user content or content that is defamatory, harassing, abusive, harmful to minors or any protected class, pornographic, “x-rated”, obscene or otherwise objectionable, and/or (x) any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of this Site or the services found at this Site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal or equitable theory, and whether or not OOYYO LLC is advised of the possibility of such damages.
In addition, you specifically acknowledge and agree that in no event shall OOYYO LLC total aggregate liability exceed the total amount paid by you for the particular services that are the subject of the cause of action.

The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law, and survive any termination or expiration of these terms of use or your use of this Site or the services found at this Site.
You agree to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless OOYYO LLC and its officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against any and all claims, demands, costs, expenses, losses, liabilities and damages of every kind and nature (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) imposed upon or incurred by OOYYO LLC directly or indirectly arising from (i) your use of and access to this Site or the Services found at this Site; (ii) your violation of any provision of these Terms of Use or the corporate policies which are incorporated herein; and/or (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any intellectual property or other proprietary right. The indemnification obligations under this section shall survive any termination or expiration of these Terms of Use or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.
These Terms of Use shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and assigns.
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
OOYYO LLC makes no representation or warranty that the content available on this Site or the Services found at this Site are appropriate in every country or jurisdiction, and access to this Site or the Services found at this Site from countries or jurisdictions where its content is illegal is prohibited. Users who choose to access this Site or the Services found at this Site are responsible for compliance with all local laws, rules and regulations.
The titles and headings of these Terms of Use are for convenience and ease of reference only and shall not in any way be utilized to construe or interpret the agreement of the parties as otherwise set forth herein. Each covenant and agreement in these Terms of Use shall for all purposes be construed to be a separate and independent covenant or agreement. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision (or portion of a provision) of these Terms of Use to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions (or portions of provisions) of these Terms of Use shall not be affected thereby and shall be found to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
6. Industrial and Intellectual Property
OOYYO LLC is the owner of the domain www.ooyyo.com
This website in its entirely, including without any exceptions, its design, structure and distribution, text and contents, logos, buttons, images, source code, as well as the intellectual and industrial property rights and any other distinctive sign related to the aforementioned, to the website itself, and any other that appears on the website, as well as all those related to the services offered by OOYYO LLC and those owned by OOYYO LLC, pertain to OOYYO LLC and/or the corresponding owner, and, therefore, it is prohibited to, by means, their use, exploitation, copy, reproduction, as well as their elimination, damage, and/or modification, registration and/or request of registration them, partially or totally, temporarily or permanently, and any other similar presently or in the future without OOYYO LLC’s express and written authorization, and/or of the corresponding owner, without the possibility to understand that exists a licence or authorization whatever its nature, total and/or partial, to any third parties and/or client by OOYYO LLC and/or from the corresponding owner. OOYYO LLC reserves the right to unilaterally redesign and modify, in any moment, and without further notice, the presentation and configuration of OOYYO LLC’s websites.
OOYYO name and OOYYO logo are registered trademarks of OOYYO LLC. All other OOYYO trademarks, service marks, domain names, logos, company names and indicia of origin referred to on the sites are either trademarks, service marks, domain names, logos, company names or indicia of origin or are otherwise the property of OOYYO LLC. You may not use any trademark, service mark, domain name, logo, company name, trade name or indicia of origin of OOYYO or any third party without permission from the owner of the applicable trademark, service mark, domain name, logo, company name, trade name or indicia of origin.
All the rights of industrial or intellectual property and any other distinctive sign, including without exception, contents, documents, texts and reports published on this website, as well as images, design, graphics, drawings, buttons, logos, brands, of the contributors to OOYYO LLC’s website, pertain to their authors, therefore, it is prohibited, in any means, to use, exploit, copy or reproduce them, as well as eliminating, damaging and/or modifying them, registering and/or attempting to register them, partially or totally, temporarily or permanently, presently or in the future, without the authorization by the authors.

If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us by email or regular mail at the following address:
OOYYO LLC Legal Department,
40 East Main Street, No. 275
Newark, Delaware, 19715, US
legal@ooyyo.com 


