







Privacy Policy



                        Privacy Policy
                    


INTRODUCTION

For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 the Websites are owned and operated by The London Marathon Events Limited.
The privacy and security of the users of the Websites is important to us. This privacy policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information, and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
Our privacy policy relates only to information that we obtain from you. If you visit a website operated by a third party through a link included on the Websites, your information might be used differently by the operator of the linked website.



THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT

The type of information we may collect about you includes:
		
your name and address;
your phone number and e-mail address;
details about the services you specifically request;
your gender and date of birth;
whether or not you have a medical condition;
whether or not you are a wheelchair user;
a username and password for your online account; and
a security question and answer for your online account;
If you have entered a child/minor into our events we will hold details about the child/minor as well as the parent/guardian.


We will not collect or store any other sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
The information you provide to us when using the Websites will be processed for the following reasons:
		
to administer your user account with us;
to process any request for advice or information supplied by us;
to send you health and safety and other relevant event information for any London Marathon event that you are participating in;
to notify you of event, activities, publication and services that may be of interest to you should you consent to receiving these from us; and
to comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations.


Any information that we collect about you is stored electronically on our database. It may also be printed and stored in our filing system. We may also provide copies of your information to our subcontractors or charities. We would also like to provide your information to carefully selected third parties for the purposes of information and publicity. If you do not wish us to disclose your information we offer an opt out box which should be ticked on the registration form.
We would like to contact you in the future for marketing purposes by post and e-mail. If you don't want to be contacted we provide you the facility of using an opt out box to tell us on the entry registration form or there is an additional opt out whenever an email is sent.



OUR USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER INFORMATION GATHERING TECHNOLOGIES

We may use information tracking and gathering technologies that record and store information about users of the Websites automatically. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on your browser. This information does not identify you personally.
We use this information to help us identify click stream patterns, to improve our Websites and to learn about the number of visitors to our Websites and the types of technology our visitors use.
You may adjust your computer's settings to block cookies, or to accept them only on confirmation from you.



HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION

We will keep your personal information confidential except to the extent that we are compelled to disclose it by law (for example where fraud or other crime is involved) or to comply with an instruction of a regulatory body of competent jurisdiction. To comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 we follow strict security procedures for storing data.
The personal information that we hold will be held securely to ensure no unauthorised disclosure or access. The internet is not a secure medium. We have put in place various security measures but you are advised to treat the internet as an insecure medium in all of your communications with us.



UPDATING YOUR DETAILS

	If any of the information that you have provided to us when you enter an event changes, for example if you change your email address, please contact us.

YOUR CONSENT

By submitting your information to us on the account registration form, you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. If we change this privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the Websites, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. We may also email you should we make any changes so that you may consent to our use of your information in that way. Continued use of our Websites will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Owing to the global nature of the internet's infrastructure the information you provide may be temporarily transferred to and stored in countries outside the European Economic Area, for example if the location of the Internet service provider hosting our Websites is outside of this area. By agreeing to our terms and conditions of use of our Websites you consent to any transfer of your personal information outside the European Economic Area.



GENERAL

Should you wish to obtain a copy of the personal data that we hold on you, please send an e-mail to privacy@londonmarathonevents.co.uk. As soon as we are satisfied as to your identity, we will send to you a copy of all the data that we hold concerning you.
If you have a complaint regarding any breach of this privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@londonmarathonevents.co.uk. When we receive the complaint, we will review it and ensure that we are in compliance with our privacy policy and all applicable laws. We will contact you to inform you of the results of our review of your complaint.










