







Privacy Policy



                        Privacy Policy
                    


INTRODUCTION

For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “DPA”) London Marathon Events Limited will be the data controller in respect of data collected via 


https://www.virginmoneylondonmarathon.com/en-gb/privacy-policy/ (this “Website”).
The privacy and security of the users of the Website is important to us. This privacy policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information, and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
Our privacy policy relates only to information that we obtain from you. If you visit a website operated by a third party through a link included on this Website, your information might be used differently by the operator of the linked website.



THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT

The type of information and data we may collect about you includes:
		
your name and address;
your phone number and e-mail address;
details about the services you specifically request;
your gender and date of birth;
whether or not you have a medical condition;
whether or not you are a wheelchair user;
a username and password for your online account;
a security question and answer for your online account; and
your image (by way of photographs or footage) when competing in an event.


If you have entered a child/minor (ie a person under 18 years of age) into any of our events we will hold details about the child/minor as well as the parent/guardian.
We will not collect or store any other sensitive personal information (as such term is defined in the DPA) about you without your explicit consent.
The information you provide to us when using the Websites (including information when you make an application to participate in any of our events) will be processed for the following reasons:
		
to administer your user account with us;
to process any request for advice or information supplied by us;
to process any application you make to participate in any of our events;
to track your progress in any of our events;
to send you health and safety and other relevant event information for any London Marathon Events Limited events that you are participating in;
to notify you of event, activities, publication and services that may be of interest to you should you consent to receiving these from us;
to comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations;
in the case of medical information, to be used to allow medical assistance to be given to you if and when required when competing in one of our events; and
in the case of images and footage, in accordance with clause 3 below.


You agree that personal data relating to you may be anonymised and the anonymised data may be used by London Marathon Events Limited and its partners in connection with the compilation of statistical information.
Any information that we collect about you is stored electronically on our database. It may also be printed and stored in our filing system.
We would like to contact you in the future for marketing purposes by post and e-mail. If you don’t want to be contacted we provide you the facility of using an opt out box to tell us on the entry registration form or there is an additional opt out whenever an email is sent.
We would like to provide your information to carefully selected third parties (including charities, partners, subcontractors, sponsors and suppliers) for the purposes of marketing, information and publicity. If you are happy for us to disclose your information we offer an opt-in box which should be ticked at the time of submitting your application.



IMAGES

You acknowledge that our events may be televised, filmed and/or otherwise recorded and photographs and/or footage may be taken, all of which may capture your participation in any such event. By entering an event you grant us and those authorised by us the free and unfettered right to use such photographs, filming and recording for any purposes it deems reasonable including, but not limited to, publication, display, sale and distribution by means of film, television, radio, print media, internet, publicity material or any other new media now or in the future.
Without prejudice to clause 3.1, you accept and acknowledge that our official photography supplier may take photographs of you during your participation in an event. In this connection, by ticking the opt-in box during registration, you accept, acknowledge and agree that:
		
we and our official photography supplier may identify you in an image with reference to your bib number;
we and our official photography supplier may advertise and sell photographs of you competing at the event on our Website and our  official photography supplier’s website; and
whilst such photographs are intended for purchase by you, your friends and your family (to commemorate your participation in an event), third parties may also purchase such photographs by entering your name or bib number in the search facility our official photography supplier’s website.





OUR USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER INFORMATION GATHERING TECHNOLOGIES

We may use information tracking and gathering technologies that record and store information about users of the Website automatically. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on your browser. This information does not identify you personally.
We use this information to help us identify click stream patterns, to improve our Website and to learn about the number of visitors to our Website and the types of technology our visitors use.
We use cookies based on your 'implied consent', which means that if you continue to use our Website, we will assume you are happy for us to set cookies. If you are not then there are a number of things you can do, which includes adjusting your computer's settings to block cookies, or to accept them only on confirmation from you.
Your browser's 'help' option will tell you how to adjust your cookie settings. However, please be aware that if you choose to delete or restrict cookies, some features of our Website may not work. You can also visit the AboutCookies website, for more information about cookies and how to manage them.



HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION

We will keep your personal information confidential except to the extent that we are compelled to disclose it by law (for example where fraud or other crime is involved) or to comply with an instruction of a regulatory body of competent jurisdiction. To comply with the DPA we follow strict security procedures for storing data.
The personal information that we hold will be held securely to ensure no unauthorised disclosure or access. The internet is not a secure medium. We have put in place various security measures but you are advised to treat the internet as an insecure medium in all of your communications with us.



UPDATING YOUR DETAILS

	If any of the information that you have provided to us when you apply to enter an event changes, for example if you change your email address, please contact us at 


helpdesk@londonmarathonevents.co.uk

YOUR CONSENT

By submitting your information to us on the account registration form, you consent to the use of that information as set out in this privacy policy. If we change this privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the Website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. We may also email you should we make any changes so that you may consent to our use of your information in that way. Continued use of our Website will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Owing to the global nature of the internet's infrastructure the information you provide may be temporarily transferred to and stored in countries outside the European Economic Area, for example if the location of the Internet service provider hosting our Website is outside of this area. By agreeing to our 


Terms of Use you consent to any transfer of your personal information outside the European Economic Area.



GENERAL

Should you wish to obtain a copy of the personal data that we hold on you, please send an e-mail to 


privacy@londonmarathonevents.co.uk. As soon as we are satisfied as to your identity, we will send to you a copy of all the data that we hold concerning you.
If you have a complaint regarding any breach of this privacy policy, please contact us at 


privacy@londonmarathonevents.co.uk . When we receive the complaint, we will review it and ensure that we are in compliance with our privacy policy and all applicable laws. We will contact you to inform you of the results of our review of your complaint.











