Privacy Policy
1.0 We are committed to protecting our visitors' privacy and we will not collect any personal information about you as a visitor unless you provide it voluntarily.  When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information.  If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.  If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes.  We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Policy and / or in the specific service notices, unless we have obtained your prior consent.  Any personal information you communicate to us is kept within our own records in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2001.
2.0 The Data Protection Act 2001
The Data Protection Act 2001 has been enacted on the 14th December 2001 and the section concerning the appointment of the Data Protection Commissioner and the Data Protection Appeals Tribunal has been brought into force as from the 22nd March 2002. We therefore consider that we have a legal duty to respect and protect any personal information we collect from you and we will abide by such duty. We take all safeguards necessary to prevent unauthorized access and we do not pass on your details collected from you as a visitor, to any third party unless you give us your consent to do so.
3.0 Information Collected
As a visitor, we collect two types of information on you:
Contact or feedback information; Web page download information;
As a logged on customer, we collect some personal information data which will not be shared with any other persons, other than with other projects within Dhalia upon obtaining the user’s consent.  We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any personal information.
3.1 Information Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to personal information to Dhalia employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
3.2 Download Information & Data Integrity
If you read or download information from our site, we automatically collect and store the following non-personal information:
-The requested web page or download; -Whether the request was successful or not; -The date and time when you accessed the site; -The Internet address of the web site or the domain name of the computer from which you accessed the site; -The operating system of the machine running your web browser and the type and version of your web browser. This information is strictly for the sole use of dhalia.com and it is not shared, leased, or sold in any manner to any other organization.
Dhalia processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
4.0 Links to other Web Sites
Our site has a number of links to other local and international organizations and agencies. In some cases, for the benefit of the visitor, it may be required that we link to other web sites of other organizations after permission is obtained from them respectively. It is important for you to note that upon linking to another site, you are no longer on our site and you become subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
5.0 Access to your information
You may request us at any time what information is effectively held on you if any, at that particular time. You have the right to have any inaccuracies corrected and where applicable erased, if they are not already deleted.
6.0 Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes). Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
