
Conditions of use of www.dhalia.com
 
 1. Privacy policy
 2. Data Protection
 3. Information collected
 4. Links to other websites
 5. Access to your information
 6. Changes to this privacy policy
 7. Terms and conditions
 8. Copyright
 
1.0 Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting our visitors' privacy and we will not collect any personal information about you as a visitor unless you provide it voluntarily.  When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information.  If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.  If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes.  We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Policy and / or in the specific service notices, unless we have obtained your prior consent.  Any personal information you communicate to us is kept within our own records in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2001.
 
2.0 The Data Protection Act 2001
The Data Protection Act 2001 has been enacted on the 14th December 2001 and the section concerning the appointment of the Data Protection Commissioner and the Data Protection Appeals Tribunal has been brought into force as from the 22nd March 2002. We therefore consider that we have a legal duty to respect and protect any personal information we collect from you and we will abide by such duty. We take all safeguards necessary to prevent unauthorised access and we do not pass on your details collected from you as a visitor, to any third party unless you give us your consent to do so.
 
3.0 Information Collected
As a visitor, we collect two types of information about you:

Contact or feedback information; 
Web page download information;

As a logged on customer, we collect some personal information data which will not be shared with any other persons, other than with other projects within Dhalia upon obtaining the user’s consent.  We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any personal information.
 
3.1 Information Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorised access to systems where we store personal data. 
 
We restrict access to personal information to Dhalia employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
 
3.2 Download Information & Data Integrity
If you read or download information from our site, we automatically collect and store the following non-personal information:
 
-The requested web page or download; 
-Whether the request was successful or not; 
-The date and time when you accessed the site; 
-The Internet address of the web site or the domain name of the computer from which you accessed the site; 
-The operating system of the machine running your web browser and the type and version of your web browser. 
This information is strictly for the sole use of dhalia.com and it is not shared, leased, or sold in any manner to any other organisation.
 
Dhalia processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
 
4.0 Links to other Web Sites
Our site has a number of links to other local and international organisations and agencies. In some cases, for the benefit of the visitor, it may be required that we link to other web sites of other organisations after permission is obtained from them respectively. It is important for you to note that upon linking to another site, you are no longer on our site and you become subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
 
5.0 Access to your information
You may request at any time what information is effectively held on you if any, at that particular time. You have the right to have any inaccuracies corrected and where applicable erased, if they are not already deleted.
 
6.0 Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes). Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
 
7.0 Terms and Conditions
Dhalia makes every effort to ensure that all the information provided on our pages are honest, accurate and updated, but cannot accept responsibility for any prejudice, loss, or damage which may occur from any of the information.
 
The information contained in this site is for general guidance on matters of interest only. The application and impact of laws can vary widely based on the specific facts involved. Given the changing nature of laws, rules and regulations, and the inherent hazards of electronic communication, there may be delays, omissions or inaccuracies in information contained in this site. Accordingly, the site should not be used as a substitute for consultation with a licensed commercial real estate broker or other competent advisers.
 
While we have made every attempt to ensure that the information contained in this site has been obtained from reliable sources, Dhalia Ltd is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of this information. All information in this site is provided "as is", with no guarantee of completeness, accuracy, timeliness or of the results obtained from the use of this information, and without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to warranties of performance, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In no event will Dhalia Ltd, its related partnerships or corporations, or the partners, agents or employees thereof be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information in this site or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
 
Certain links in this site connect to other websites maintained by third parties over whom Dhalia Ltd has no control. Dhalia Ltd makes no representations as to the accuracy or any other aspect of information contained in other websites.
 
If you see anything on this website that may cause concern, please contact us at info@dhalia.com
 
8.0 Copyright
Materials featured on this web site are copyright of Dhalia and are covered by the provisions of the Copyright Act, by Maltese laws, policies, regulations and international agreements. This copyright material may be downloaded, displayed, and reproduced in an unaltered form only (retaining this notice) for personal, non-commercial use or for internal circulation within an organisation. 
 
Authorisation to reproduce material from sites linked to this website must be obtained from the copyright holder concerned. To obtain permission to reproduce materials from this website, requests and inquiries should be sent by e-mail to info@dhalia.com.

