Our Total Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Chaa Creek website. ChaaCreek.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an enquiry only to complete that enquiry. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information specific to the user such as login or order information. The use of cookies helps to personalize your visit to our site and also minimizes the number of times that you have to supply login information. For registered users, we use cookies to store user id and password information. For non-registered users, we use a cookie only to identify whether you are a return visitor.
Our Commitment To Data Security
Chaa Creek believes in providing a safe and secure online experience for all of our customers. We take every precaution to protect our users' information. We want you to feel comfortable that personal information such as your name, address, and if required, your credit card number will be kept safe throughout your entire online experience. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Newsletter, Special Offers
You are welcome to subscribe to our newsletter. We ask for contact information such as name and email address. We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on special offers and daily specials. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us here.
