Last Updated: May 25th, 2018
Your Privacy Is Important To us
The Lodge at Chaa Creek (“Chaa Creek”) respects and values your rights to privacy and makes every effort to ensure that your privacy is safeguarded. The following information applies to all information collected or submitted on the Chaa Creek website and is intended to describe the policies followed by Chaa Creek to protect your privacy.
Collection of Personal Data
Personal Data is any data that could identify you as an individual or help to identify an individual.
Throughout your user guest journey with us, we collect Personal Data that includes: name, gender, address, email address, phone number, fax number, postal address, social media profile data, and credit card information.
We may also ask for information related to your travel preferences so that we can provide a personalized service and make your vacation a more memorable one.
If your reservation is made as part of or in connection with a group, meeting, or event, we will provide your name and dates of stay to the group, meeting or event planner, or group leader.
How We Collect Personal Data
Online Services: We gather personal information when you make a reservation, speak with us, or connect with us or post on social media pages, agree to accept email marketing, or take an interest in a survey, contest or travel offer.
When making reservations: If you choose to get notices from Chaa Creek amid the reservation process, the data on the reservation form (excluding your Credit card data) will be recorded in the database. You will have access to the database at any time to update this information.
Opt-in Subscriber: If you choose to subscribe to Chaa Creek marketing communication outside of the reservation process, just your name, email address and country of birth are required. Once in a while, Chaa Creek may send you messages with respect to discounts, specials, or extra benefits that you might be qualified for on the off chance that you belong to our list of email subscribers. Since your security is important to us, you may demand to be removed from our list of email subscribers at any time by utilizing the instructions to unsubscribe.
Third Parties. We may gather information about you from third parties, including individual, statistic and aggregate data. For example, in the event that you make a booking through a travel agent, we will obtain your travel information from that agent. We may likewise get data about you from our marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.
Collection of Other Data
“Other Data” are data that generally do not reveal your specific identity or do not directly relate to an individual. To the extent Other Data reveal your specific identity or relate to an individual, we will treat Other Data as Personal Data. Other Data include: browser and device data; data collected through cookies and other technologies; demographic data and other data provided by you; aggregated data
Use of Cookies: A "cookie" is a string of electronic information that your web browser uses to store information as you click from page to page on a website. Cookies do not contain your name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card number, or any other information which personally identifies you. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and cookies are used by most major commercial websites. We use cookies to keep track of the effectiveness of our Internet site and links to our Internet site and of our advertising and marketing programs. You may adjust your browser to deny the acceptance of cookies; however, you may not be able to use some of the features of the website.
How We Collect Other Data
Your browser or device. We collect certain data through your browser or automatically through your device, such as computer type (PC or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version.
Cookies. We collect certain data from cookies, which are pieces of data stored directly on the computer or mobile device you are using. Cookies allow us to collect data such as browser type, time spent on our webpages, pages visited, referring URL, language preferences, and other aggregated traffic data. We use the data for security, to evaluate navigation, to display content more effectively, to collect analytics, to personalize your experience while using our websites. We also gather statistical data about use of our websites to continually improve design and functionality, understand how they are used, and assist us with resolving issues. Cookies also allow us to assess which advertisements or special offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are online or to send marketing emails. We also use cookies to track responses to online advertisements and marketing emails. If you do not wish to have data collected by cookies, you can learn more about adjusting cookie settings at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Pixel Tags and other similar technologies. We may also collect data from pixel tags, also known as web beacons and clear GIFs, which are used by some websites to, among other things, track the actions of users of these websites, including email recipients, measure our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of our websites.
Analytics. We also collect data through Google Analytics, which use cookies and other technologies to collect and analyze data about use of our websites. These services collect data regarding the use of other online resources.
You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
Your IP Address. We collect your IP address, a number that is automatically assigned to the computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files when a user accesses our websites, along with the time of the visit and the pages that were visited. We use IP addresses to calculate usage levels, diagnose server problems and administer our websites. We also may derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Aggregated Data. We may also aggregate data that we collected. This aggregated data will not personally identify you or another user.
Use of Personal Data and Other Data
Any Personal Data sent to us might be utilized by Chaa Creek for the reasons showed in this Privacy Policy. On the off chance that we mean to utilize your Personal Data for a reason other from these reasons or on the off chance that we plan to share it with any outsider not previously recognized, we will inform you and offer you the chance to opt-out such uses.
Protection of Your Personal Data
Chaa Creek takes additional care to guarantee that your client information isn't utilized as a part of any way for which you have not given us approval. Chaa Creek does not offer, rent, exchange, or give your email address or other individual data to any outsiders for their immediate marketing purposes.
Chaa Creek utilizes CampaignMonitor to deal with its email newsletter and advertising programs. CampaignMonitor has its own particular Privacy Policy (accessible for review at https://www.campaignmonitor.com/approaches/#privacy-strategy) which shields the individual information it gets from Chaa Creek and other clients.
Aside from data given to CampaignMonitor and to travel providers or sellers whose services or products you have bought, Chaa Creek won't give any of the individual data that you have given to us to different organizations without your authorization. 
In order to eliminate unauthorized use, your credit card data is sent securely from your browser to our reservations office. Credit card numbers are used just for payment processing and are not kept for marketing purposes. No credit card data is stored on our servers.
We ask that you don't send us any delicate data through email. Credit card data should just be given to us by means of the online reservation booking engine or form, which encrypts your Credit card data to guarantee your security, or by reaching our reservations office.
Access, Change, or Remove Your Personal Data
If you would like to access, change, or remove your Personal Data that you have previously provided to us, or are looking to exercise your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation, you can contact us at [email protected], or by mail:
Chaa Creek
#77 Burns Avenue
San Ignacio, Cayo, Belize
Retention of Data
We will hold your Personal Data for whatever length of time that it is important to satisfy the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
The criteria used to decide this period include: The time allotment we have an ongoing association with you and deliver our services to you; regardless of whether there is a lawful commitment to which we should stand; and additionally whether it is fitting thinking about our lawful position.
Terms of Use
When you get to the Chaa Creek's site, you recognize that you have perused, comprehend, and consent to the Chaa Creek Privacy Policy and that the laws of Belize should be appropriate in regards to any question. You are additionally mindful that electronic transmissions are thought to be open as opposed to private media and that any data you give is thought to be the property of Chaa Creek. 
You concur that Chaa Creek won't be held subject for any misfortune, damage, or other harm that emerges from the utilization of this site, including the dissemination of data that is provided by other third parties contributing to this site. Chaa Creek additionally maintains authority needed to change, whenever, any of the terms and conditions and to adjust, include, or expel segments of this Privacy Policy. 
In the event that you don't concur with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, we ask that you avoid utilizing this site and we will provide other means to you to book your reservations as well as obtain information on our vacation experiences.
Changes in our Privacy Policy
We may change or update our Privacy Policy. If the Privacy Policy is changed, this page will be updated. You may not be provided with any other notice of such changes. You will need to check this page to see if there have been any changes to our Privacy Policy.
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us here.
