
Privacy & Cookie Statement
Version: 17 March 2016
WeTransfer takes your trust and right to privacy seriously and processes as little personal data as necessary.
 Nevertheless, to enable you to use our service and to deliver, improve and secure our service, WeTransfer needs to process some personal data. By using our service and/or registering an account you agree to have read and understood our Privacy & Cookie Statement as set out below.
To enable easy reading of this document, we have separated the text into a left column, with the binding text in ‘legal speak’, and a right column, with the nonbinding text in simple speak. We hope this helps you to get a good understanding of what we offer you, what you can expect from us and what we expect from you.


About WeTransfer
WeTransfer B.V. has its statutory seat at and headquarter office at Oostelijke Handelskade 751, 1019 BW Amsterdam, the Netherlands. It is registered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 34380998.

In simple speak
            Hi, this is us!
          


Personal Data
When using the regular WeTransfer service you do not have to sign up for an account, nor is there any other kind of login procedure. When you register for a WeTransfer Plus account you have to provide your email address, a password, your name, address, residence, zip code and country of residence. You may provide a company name and a VAT number. We register you in accordance with our Terms of Use. Furthermore, we collect your preferred payment method. The payment intermediary will ask you to provide some payment details –WeTransfer does not process your payment details.
No sign-up necessary for the regular service of WeTransfer. For WeTransfer Plus we need some personal data to register your account.
WeTransfer also processes data through the use of cookies. Part of this data can be identified as personal data. For more detail on the use of cookies please see the section Cookies as stated here below.


WeTransfer
When using the WeTransfer service, WeTransfer processes the following personal data:
We store some data to make your use of our WeTransfer service possible.

Your IP-address;
Your email address;
Email addresses of the recipients;
Your personal message for the recipients;
IP-addresses of the downloaders;
File names, sizes and types;
Country and language settings;
Browser type and Flash version.

WeTransfer stores this data for a maximum of 2 months from the expiration date of the transfer, after which the data is anonymized. The file itself is stored on WeTransfer’s servers for a period of 7 days, where after it is automatically deleted.


WeTransfer Plus
When using the WeTransfer Plus service, WeTransfer processes the following personal data:
We’ll only use your data to process your payment, create your account and make your use of our Plus service possible.

Your IP-address;
Your email address;
Email addresses of the recipients;
Your personal message for the recipients;
IP-addresses of the downloaders;
File names, sizes and types;
Country and language settings;
Browser type and Flash version.
If you wish, the addresses added to your address book.

WeTransfer stores this data for a maximum of 2 months from the expiration date of the transfer, after which the data is anonymized. The file itself is stored on WeTransfer’s servers for a period of 30 days, unless you choose to have it stored for a shorter or longer period. After this period, the file is automatically deleted. Files transferred through a WeTransfer Channel are stored and available for download for a period of 28 days.




Cookies

            WeTransfer places several cookies on your computer for the purpose of facilitating your use of the service and to find out how the service may be improved. Examples are: language preferences, logging into an account, remembering email addresses of yourself and recipients and acceptance of the Terms and Privacy & Cookie Statement. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer by your browser when you visit a website.
          
We’ll chuck a few cookies at you, but the bare minimum and with the sole intention of making WeTransfer even better.

            For these purposes, WeTransfer stores two kinds of cookies: functional and analytical cookies. For facilitating your use of the service the following functional cookies are stored:
          

Type: session, names: remember_user_token, _wt_session
Type: setting, names: wt_flash, wt_lang, wt_to, wt_from, wt_welcome, wt_ttype, wt_tandc, wt_sent

To find out how the service may be improved, we store analytical cookies from the following partners:

Type: Google Analytics
Type: Mixpanel



To serve advertisements and editorial content, we store cookies from several partners, such as:
We try hard to make our ads safe, beautiful and unobtrusive. Cookies help us measure the effectiveness of our ads, and can be send by us or our partners. Being a global service, these partners can vary per country.

OpenX
Integral ad Science
Comscore
DoubleClick
Moat
Appnexus
Sizmek
Weborama
Adfarm
Converto

If you would want to remove certain cookies, or block them from being stored in your browser, it is possible to arrange this through your browser settings for cookies. You can find these settings under the Privacy tab in the Preferences section of most browsers. Here you can specify your cookie preferences or remove cookies. Please note that if you remove or refuse WeTransfer cookies, the service might not function in optimal form.
          




Purpose
WeTransfer

            To use the WeTransfer service, WeTransfer has to process personal data for the purpose of:
          
We process your data so we can send your transfers to your recipients, send you newsletters and evaluate how our service is used. We also process it for legal reasons, but if you behave, we surely won’t have to use the data.

Operating the service and/or website;
Following up on abuse reports, NTD Reports and fraud investigations;
In so far as necessary: defending itself in legal proceedings in relation to or as a result of your use of WeTransfer, following a court order, abiding by any law, regulation or governmental request, cooperating with law enforcement, cooperating in fraud investigations from third parties, safeguarding national security, defense, public security or public health, and to uphold our Terms;
Sending newsletters on updates;
Evaluating the use of our Website and Service as well as for statistical purposes.



WeTransfer does not sell or otherwise distribute your personal data to affiliate or third parties and will not use your personal data for any other purposes then stated above.
We don’t sell your personal data to anyone.


WeTransfer Plus
To use the WeTransfer Plus service, WeTransfer has to process personal data for the purpose of:

Operating the service and/or website;
Following up on abuse reports, NTD Reports and fraud investigations;
In so far as necessary: defending itself in legal proceedings in relation to or as a result of your use of WeTransfer, following a court order, abiding by any law, regulation or governmental request, cooperating with law enforcement, cooperating in fraud investigations of third parties, safeguarding national security, defense, public security or public health, and to uphold our Terms;
Sending newsletters on updates;
Evaluating the use of our Website and Service as well as for statistical purposes;
Creating and upholding your personal account, facilitating payment of your subscription fee and informing you about new features and updates;
If you wish, facilitating your address book.
WeTransfer does not sell or otherwise distribute your personal data to affiliate or third parties and will not use your personal data for any other purposes then stated above.





Confidentiality
Any file transfer between You and recipients is treated confidentially. WeTransfer does not provide any search function, catalogue or listing to find transfers that would be available, except if You are holding a Plus account as to ensure that you can find your own files. WeTransfer will not look into your transfer or files, unless this is necessary and in line with this Privacy & Cookie Statement, for instance to provide You with (technical) support on Your request. Please be careful to distribute download links - whoever is passed on or has access to a download link can download the files contained in that transfer.
We treat your stuff with respect. We don’t let anyone search for anything on the website.




Security
WeTransfer takes appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against loss or other forms of unlawful processing. For technical and operational reasons, personal data can be transferred through servers in the United States or other countries outside the European Union, where the European data protection rules are not applicable. Privacy regulations outside the EU might not provide the same high level of protection. By using our Service and/or Website You acknowledge and agree that WeTransfer transfers your personal data through servers that are possibly outside the EU.
We made sure everything you send via our service is safe. The servers we use are located both in the EU and the US.




Minors
You are only allowed to use our website and/or service when aged 16 and over, or with the approval of your parents or legal guardians.
Even though we’ve seen videos of 4 year olds and cats using our service, if you’re under the age of 16 run downstairs and ask your mum and dad first.




Revisions to the Privacy Policy
Note that WeTransfer may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Each revised version shall be dated and posted on the website. WeTransfer recommends that you review the website from time to time and take note of any changes. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, you should not or no longer access or use the website and/or service. By continuing to use the website and/or service you accept any changes made to the Privacy Policy.
Sometimes we’ll have nothing better to do so we’ll change our policy, if you’ve got nothing better to do check back here every now and again and have a look. If you no longer like what you read, stop using our service.




Questions?
If you have questions about the way WeTransfer processes your personal data or the personal information WeTransfer stores about you, please contact WeTransfer by sending an email with your question to legal@wetransfer.com. We speak English.
If you have any questions, email us in English.



