
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. Access to the information contained herein is on the basis that you understand and agree to these terms and conditions. 
The following pages of the website are not addressed to, or intended for use by: 
(1) persons located in the United States, 
(2) citizens of the United States 
(3) permanent residents ('green card holders') of the United States, 
(4) entities organized in the United States or their overseas affiliates. 
No person or entity falling into any of the above categories has contributed to the creation or provision of any of the information provided in these pages. 
Under Sanctions imposed by the US Office of Foreign Assets Control, persons and entities falling into these categories are prohibited from engaging, or facilitating the engagement by others, in any commercial relationship with Iran. If you believe you may fall into any of these categories, do not access these web pages. 
Under sanctions imposed by the Government of Canada, Canadian citizens and persons located in Canada should be aware that they are prohibited from engaging in or facilitating the engagement of others in, certain commercial activities involving Iran or certain persons (individuals and entities) in Iran. In addition, the sanctions law of other countries, including the United States, may apply to certain commercial activities by Canadians. Any Canadian or person in Canada who accesses these webpages should seek legal advice on the applicability of Canadian and foreign sanctions before engaging in or facilitating in any commercial activities involving Iran or persons in Iran. 
Dentons accepts no liability in respect of any breach of applicable Sanctions arising as a consequence of acting against this advice. The following pages of this website are informational materials only and are not intended to be used, nor may they be used, to engage in, or facilitate the engagement by others in, transactions that are prohibited under the laws of the United States or Canada. For guidance on the applicability of relevant Sanctions, please contact legal counsel. If you would like to engage attorneys at Dentons familiar with these issues please contact : Michael Zolandz, US, Paul Lalonde, Canada, Martha Harrison, Canada 
Confirmation of understanding and acceptance of disclaimer
To visit the following pages of the website, you must confirm that you have understood the above sentences and agree to comply with the restrictions and that your use of the following pages is expressly conditioned thereon. By clicking "AGREE" in the box below, you will be deemed to have made this confirmation. 
I have read and understood the disclaimer set out above. I understand that it may affect my rights and I agree to be bound by its terms.
