Insight is concerned  about privacy issues and want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and  disclose information.  This Privacy  Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect  through activities that link to this Privacy Policy including websites and through  your interactive business with Insight.   By providing information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of  this Privacy Policy.  You can find out details of  all of Insight’s affiliates by visiting our website here.  When we refer to ‘we’ or ‘Insight’ in this  policy we are referring to Insight Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates. 
Information We May  Collect
Categories of data subjects from whom we may collect data:

employees  and former employees including volunteers, agents, individual contractors,  temporary or casual workers;
applicants  who have applied for employment;
relatives,  guardians or associates of employees, former employees or applicants;
contractors,  agents, consultants and suppliers both past and present;
customers  and former customers and their employees or representatives;
individuals  and representatives of organizations who have registered with Insight to obtain  information on products and/or services offered; and
individuals  and representatives of organizations who have visited the website.

Information may include:

browser  and device information;
server  log file information;
information  collected through cookies and other technologies;
demographic  information and other information provided by you;
financial  details;
complaints  or grievances;
contact  details, being corporate contact details where appropriate, including email,  postal address, telephone and facsimile numbers;
purchasing  habits and customers;
customer  preferences;
with  respect to employees, former employees and applicants the additional categories  of data may include:
  
Personal  details
Family,  lifestyle and social circumstances
Employment  details
Financial  details
Complaints  or grievances
Email  and postal address
Telephone  and facsimile numbers
Limited  sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, physical or mental health or  condition, religious observance, issues notified under whistleblower policies,  criminal records and disciplinary records, collected in the ordinary course of  the employment relationship.


How We May Collect  the Information
  We may collect information in a variety of ways, including:


From you directly.
Through this site:   Insight may collect information through the website when you visit.
Through business interaction:  We may collect information through your or  your employer’s business interaction with our employees or offices.
From other sources:   We may receive information from other sources, such as public databases;  joint marketing partners; social media platforms; or other third parties.

How We May Use  Information

Data  storage and administration; 
data  security; 
customer  and user administration; 
employee  administration; 
advertising,  marketing and public relations activities; 
maintenance  of accounts and records; 
analysis  of trends and statistical data; and 
crime  prevention and prosecution of offenders. 

Cookies
We may collect information in a variety of ways, including:Insight, its service  providers or other third parties may set cookies for your web browser when you  visit our website, use our products or visit a website where Insight provides  ads, content or analytics. A cookie is a small piece of information that  is stored on a computer for the purposes of identifying that browser during  interaction on websites. Cookies may be used to store items such as  identifiers and user preferences. A website may set a cookie to the  browser if the browser’s preferences allow it. A browser only permits a  website to access the cookies it has set, not those set by other  websites. Insight may use cookies for a number of purposes, including but  not limited to: accessing your information when you sign in so we can provide  you with customized content; keeping track of your preferences while you are  using Insight services; providing general internal and customer analytics;  maintaining information in both identifiable and anonymous forms; conducting  research to improve the Insight.com experience; and supporting security  measures.
Surveys
The information you  provide for surveys will be used to support your relationship with Insight. Insight  may use online surveys to ask visitors/customers for contact information (like  their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the survey  taker information about our company and promotional material on behalf of our  partners.  We may combine survey  information with other data we hold about you.
Contests/Giveaways
The information you  provide during contests and giveaways will be used to support your customer  relationship with Insight. Insight may ask for contact information (like your email  address). We use contact data from these events to send users information about  our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The contact  information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. We may combine  this information with other data we hold about you.
Careers
If you use the website to apply to work with us, the information you  provide will be used to evaluate your candidacy for job opportunities with  Insight and to monitor recruitment statistics.   We provide electronic applications on our site in which we ask job  candidates for contact information (like their email address) and information  regarding work history and education.  We  use third parties to help us to do that.   We use contact data from our applications to contact those individuals  whose backgrounds most closely meet our requirements to schedule a personal  interview.  As a global business, we may  transfer your details outside of your home country and to other Insight  affiliated entities.  Personal  information about unsuccessful candidates will be held after the recruitment  exercise has been completed and may be reconsidered should an appropriate  position become available.  Insight will  follow the applicable law as to destruction and deletion of such personal  information.  We may retain  de-personalized statistical information about applicants to help inform our  recruitment activities, but individuals should not be identifiable from that  data.  Once a person has taken up  employment with us, we will compile a file relating to their employment.  At that stage, we will give more details  about how we hold employee data.
Information  Disclosure
Insight will not give  or sell any information regarding you or your order and the products you  purchase to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation  without your consent, save for the limited circumstances outlined in this  policy. Your information may be shared with agents, contractors or vendors of  Insight for the purpose of performing services for you or Insight.  Insight may release personal data (including personally identifiable  information) when required to by law if we have a good-faith belief that such  action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, in response to a lawful request by public  authorities, a court order or legal process served on Insight. 
We may also disclose  your information if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may  disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of the business  or assets.  If Insight or substantially  all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held may be one  of the transferred assets.  Any third  party who acquires assets from us may acquire all or part of our business.  They may not be in the same line of business  as we are.  Similarly, your personal  information may be passed on to a successor in interest in the event of a  reconstruction, liquidation or administration.

Third Party  Advertising Technology
We use analytics tools  and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and DoubleClick  Cookies, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and  user metrics when you use our online site. These tools and technologies collect  and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses,  device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and  usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase  history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, battery levels and device  performance and other similar information.
The third party analytics  companies who collect information on our site may combine the information  collected with other information they have independently collected from other  websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your  activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile  products and services. Many of these companies collect and use information  under their own privacy policies.
We also may permit  certain third party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may  be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities  on our site (e.g., to allow them to tailor ads on third party services). These  companies may deliver ads that might also place cookies and otherwise track  user behavior. These companies may use information about user behavior in order  to provide customized advertisements across various services and products. In  the course of providing these services, products or placing advertisements,  these third party companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your  computer, and may record information to these cookies based upon your  activities on our site and on third party websites. Each of these companies  uses this cookie information according to their own privacy and security  policies. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of  serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out as indicated in this Policy. Please  note this does not opt you out of being delivered advertising. You will  continue to receive generic ads.  You may  opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google  advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by  visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page. Google has additional  information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.
For more information regarding the privacy and data collection  practices of third parties that use cookies for advertising from Insight’s  website, including information on how to opt out of such cookies please use the  following links.

Google  & DoubleClick: Information regarding the privacy and data collection  practices for DoubleClick (offered by Google) is located at http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html. 
Marketo:  Information regarding the privacy and data collection practices for Marketo is  located at http://www.marketo.com/privacy.php. .
Facebook:  Information regarding the privacy and data collection practices for Facebook is  located at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
LinkedIn:  Information regarding the privacy and data collection practices for LinkedIn is  located at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. 

Security
Insight uses what we  consider to be reasonable and appropriate organizational, technical and  administrative measures to protect information under our control.  This site has security measures in place to  protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.  All account information you use or supply on Insight's website when  ordering or tracking products is held on a system which is designed to be secure.  We use reputable advanced encryption technology which the aim to protect you  from unauthorized use of information supplied on our website.  In addition, we may use your IP address to  help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP  address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad  demographic information.
Social Media Features
This website includes social  media features, including Facebook “Like” button and Twitter “Follow” button.  These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on this  website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social  media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on this website.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the  company providing it.
Where we have given you (or  where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of  our site or our online ordering facility, you are responsible for keeping this  password confidential.  We ask you not to  share a password with anyone.  Please  make sure this password is unique and that you do not use this password for any  other purpose.  If you use another  account (such as a social media account) to log on to a secure part of the  Insight website, then please make sure that you keep that password secure as well.  If you think that any of your passwords have  been compromised, please notify us so that we can look after the security of  your details on our website.
Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
This website may contain  links to third-party sites. We cannot control and are not responsible for the  privacy practices of those third-party sites. We encourage users to be aware  when they leave this website, and to read the privacy statements of each  website they visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website.
Choice/Opt-Out/Correction/Update
You have the right to  opt-out of receiving communications from us and on behalf of our partners at  the point where we request information about the visitor.  In addition, you have the right to review, change  and/or modify information previously provided. You may also be entitled  (subject to certain exceptions) to ask for access to the data we hold about you  or to ask for that data to be erased.  We  will follow internal procedures when these requests are made to protect the  integrity of the data we hold.
If you would like to exercise your rights  please get in touch as follows:

You may e-mail unsubscribe@insight.com
You may call the  following telephone number(s): 

1-800 INSIGHT (US) 
0800-333-333 (UK) 


You may send mail to  the following postal mail address(es): 


Insight
  Attn:  Compliance
  6820  S. Harl Avenue
  Tempe,  Arizona 85283
  United  States
or
Insight  Direct (UK) Ltd
  Attn:  Compliance
  Technology  Building
  Insight  Campus
  Terry  Street
  Sheffield  S9 2BU



Privacy Shield and  Data Transfer
Insight is a global business.  As a result, the data that we may collect  from you may be transferred to, and stored at, any of our locations which may  be insider or outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  Data may also be processed by people around  the world who work for use or for one of our suppliers/vendors.  These people may be engaged in, among other  things, the fulfillment of your information requests, meeting your orders and  the provision of support services.  By  submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or  processing.
Insight has put in place a number of measures  designed to protect data which is transferred from Europe to the US.  Insight maintains a network of specific  agreements to require contracting parties to observe data protection  legislation.  Insight has additionally signed  up to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.   You can find out more about Privacy Shield and view Insight’s  certification here https://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview.  Insight adheres to the Privacy Shield  Framework and Principles regarding the collection, use, and retention of  personal information from the EEA. Insight has certified that it adheres  to the Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity  and purpose limitation, access, and recourse, enforcement and liability. We are committed to following the Privacy Shield Principles.  We are also committed to supervising third  parties where we have transferred data to them after a Privacy Shield data  transfer to us and we accept our liability in cases of onward transfer of data  to third parties.
If you believe Insight maintains your personal data within the scope of the Privacy Shield Framework, you may direct any of your inquiries or concerns concerning our Privacy Shield compliance to compliance@insight.com. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Insight commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  Individuals in the European Union (EU) with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact compliance@insight.com. Insight will respond within 30 days.  In the unlikely event that we fail to respond within 30 days, or if our response does not address your concern, Insight will undertake to refer the concern to our Global Compliance Officer who will investigate the matter and communicate with you within 14 days.
Insight has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.  You can also follow that link for a description of the range of potential remedies.  There are more details on the arbitration requirements of the Privacy Shield Framework at https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
If you do not find the proposed solution satisfactory, Insight will resolve the dispute under dispute resolution procedures of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) to resolve disputes pursuant to the Privacy Shield Principles.  Insight additionally commits to co-operate with EU DPAs and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.   The EU DPAs may be contacted directly via the information provided at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/index_en.htm. 
Under certain and limited conditions, you may have the possibility to invoke last resort binding arbitration by a “Privacy Shield Panel” composed of at least 20 arbitrators designated by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission.
Insight is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU individuals received pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield, Insight is potentially liable.  Insight will continue to adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles for as long as it retains your personal information.
Insight Enterprises, Inc. and Insight North America, Inc. have also signed up to the Swiss-U.S. Safe Harbor scheme details of which can be found at https://safeharbor.export.gov/swisslist.aspx. You can also use the Privacy Shield procedures outlined above where you believe your data has been transferred under Safe Harbor.
Updates to this Privacy  Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy.   Please take a look at the “Last Updated” legend at the bottom of this  page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will  become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy to the site.  Your use of the site following these changes  means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
Last Updated September 2016
