
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (Last amended: 07/01/16)
 
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Fenix international limited ("OnlyFans") when you use our websites and mobile applications, or when you otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites' homepages or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Information
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, use the Services to send or receive messages, including photos or videos taken via our Services ("OnlyFans”), request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your username, password, email address, phone number and any other information you choose to provide.
When you upload content or send or receive messages, we also collect, process and store the contents of those messages (such as photos, videos, captions) on our servers. We cannot prevent your paying subscribers ("Fans") from making copies of your posts or messages (e.g., by taking a screenshot).
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:

Usage Information: When you send or receive messages via our Services, we collect information about these messages, including the time, date, sender and recipient of the post. We also collect information about the number of messages sent and received between you and your Fans and which Fans you exchange messages with most frequently.
Log Information: We log information about your use of our websites, including your browser type and language, access times, pages viewed and your IP address.
Device Information: We may collect information about the computer or device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, MAC address, unique device identifier, phone number, International Mobile Equipment Identity ("IMEI") and mobile network information. In addition, the Services may access your device's native phonebook and image storage applications, with your consent, to facilitate your use of certain features of the Services. For more information about how you can control our access to these applications, please see below.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see below.

We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:

Provide, maintain and improve our Services, including to provide additional features and content for your messages;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by OnlyFans and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Detect, investigate and/or prevent fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.

We may allow others to provide analytics services on our behalf. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand your online activity.
Security
We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Account Information
You may update or correct information about yourself by editing your account settings within our website or apps. If you wish to delete your account, please contact support at info@onlyfans.com.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our website. 
