
Special provisions of MTD Products AG concerning the use and protection of data

A.	The confidentiality and protection of personal data is important to all employees of MTD Products AG [hereinafter also referred to as “MTD”]. For this reason, MTD Products AG carries out its activities in compliance with the applicable statutory regulations for the protection of personal data and for data security. 


B.	No personal data are collected, processed or used via our website unless (a.) the customer enters such data for the purposes of the establishment, elaboration or alteration of a contractual relationship within the framework of corresponding online services offered to the customer on the website or (b.) the user voluntarily provides such data within the framework of use of the website or, as the case may be, grants his or her consent to the recording of the data or (c.) such actions are permitted by the corresponding statutory regulations on the protection of data.


C.	Special information on data use and the options of objection and revocation


(I.)	Insofar as the customer enters personal data for the purposes of the establishment, elaboration or alteration of a contractual relationship within the framework of corresponding online services offered to the customer on the website, such data are collected, processed and used in the required scope in the course of an automatic procedure.  MTD is entitled to transfer the data to a third party commissioned with the task of executing the Agreement or - insofar as MTD is not itself the contract partner of the customer entering the data - to the contract partner. The transmission or use of personal data for another purpose is furthermore permissible inasmuch as this is required to uphold legitimate interests on the part of MTD and there is no reason to assume that the affected party has an interest worthy of protection in the exclusion of transfer or use of the data. The customer can at any time and without any requirement to state reasons object to the transfer and use of personal data of this purpose using the communication channels listed in paragraph (IV.).


(II.)	Pursuant to the aforementioned section B, the personal key data provided to MTD by the customer (name, title, academic degrees, address, year of birth, description of profession, sector or business activity) may also be stored, processed and used by MTD in the scope required for the purposes of market research and the provision of written advice and information (advertising) by post concerning the latter's products and services. The customer can at any time and without any requirement to state reasons object to the use of personal data of this purpose via the communication channels listed in paragraph (IV.).


(III.)	In the same manner, the e-mail address provided to MTD by the customer in accordance with section B may be stored, processed and used by means of electronic communication channels (including e-mail services) for advice and information purposes concerning MTD’s products and services (advertising and market research) if the customer has given his express consent thereto. The customer can withdraw his or her consent at any time via the communication channels listed in paragraph (IV.) without any requirement to state reasons.


(IV.) 	The communication channels for MTD Products AG are as follows: MTD Products AG, Industriestr. 23, D-66129 Saarbrücken, Germany; fax +49 (0) 6805 79-0; e-mail address: mtdeurope@mtdproducts.com; telephone: +49 (0) 6805 79-442.


(V.) 	Objections and revocations as defined in the previous paragraphs which make use of the communication channels listed in paragraph (IV.) will incur transmission costs in line with base call rates only and no costs for premium rate numbers.
Liability
The MTD Products AG is responsible for its own content offered on this website. All of the content has been carefully checked and will be complemented and updated regularly. However, the MTD Products AG does not guarantee the completeness, accuracy and up-to-datedness of this content. Links to external internet sites are available on this website. The MTD Products AG is not responsible for the content or design of these websites and is thus, not liable for the accuracy, completeness or quality of the information available there and disassociates itself strongly from the content of these websites. This applies to all links to external websites and their content located at the website www.mtdproducts.eu.

Copyright
The MTD Products AG holds the copyright on the content on this website, in particular the texts and images. The unlawful copying or other usage of the content on this website will be prosecuted and the MTD Products AG reserves the right to make claims for damages. Should you be interested in the content, parts of individual sites or pictures, please contact the MTD Products AG per e-mail.
Address
                       MTD Products Aktiengesellschaft
                       Industriestraße 23
                       D-66129 Saarbrücken
                       Phone +49 6805 79-0
                       Telefax +49 6805 79-442
                       Email mtdeurope@mtdproducts.com

General management
                    Dr. Karsten Hoppe (Chairman of the board)
                    Günter Korn
                    Dr. Michael Simon

Chairman of the supervisory board
                    Prof. Dr. K. Peter Mailänder 

Trade register
                    Saarbrücken HRB 9740

Value added tax identification number
                    DE 153804139

