We respect your privacy interests and so operate this site by these principles, and we have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that you may provide.
You should understand, however, that electronic transmissions via the Internet are not necessarily secure from interception and so we cannot guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions.
You may use the Allegheny Health Network website without disclosing personally identifiable information. We want to be clear that we will not obtain such information about you unless you choose to submit it to us. For example, if you email your comments, that identifies your email address. If you request an appointment with a physician, a limited number of hospital administrators and health care providers will see this information and use it to arrange care where appropriate.
The web server of the Allegheny Health Network Web site collects and saves the default information customarily logged by World Wide Web server software. Our logs contain the following information for each request: date and time, originating IP address and domain name (the unique address assigned to your internet service provider's computer that connects to the internet), object requested, and completion status of the request. We use these logs to help improve our service by evaluating the "traffic" to our site in terms of number of unique visitors, level of demand, most popular page requests, and types of errors.
These logs may be kept for an indefinite amount of time, used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers.
Please note that we use "cookies," which are small files stored on your computer's hard drive that are used to track personal information. We may use this information to save username and password data when you are accessing interactive parts of our websites, to allow your web browser to "remember" who you are and assist you by "logging on" without you having to type your username and password repeatedly.     Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or other facially valid legal processes, we will not share any information we receive with any parties outside of the Allegheny Health Network.
