
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
ScopeWelcome to the VISITJAMAICA.COM website (the “Site”). This Site is provided to assist visitors to Jamaica in planning and preparing for their travel to Jamaica and to determine the availability and costs of destination and travel-related options. This Site is provided on the condition of your acceptance without any modification of the terms, conditions, and notices set forth herein.The Jamaica Tourist Board (JTB or “we”) operates the Site. The JTB is an agency of the Government of Jamaica and is committed to protecting the privacy of persons using our websites. The JTB was established to market and promote the Jamaican tourist industry, support the work of tourism partners and stakeholders and provide information about the Jamaican tourist industry to the private sector and Government of Jamaica in order to assist in decision/policy making.In order to meet these goals, the JTB will employ key technologies, offered by third parties, to facilitate better customer experience on our websites and provide greater ease in navigating its pages. These technologies may include cookies, pixel tags and web beacons. This Privacy Policy describes the Site’s use of the technologies noted.
Privacy & CookiesThe Site collects two kinds of information:1. personal identification information (for example: full name, email address, password, mailing address, telephone number or credit card information) that members voluntarily provide when they complete a form, register for the My Jamaica or BookIt.com's services provided by the Site.2. non-personally identifiable information such as the number of persons accessing the website and the geographic IP address. Personal Information Collection & UsesMy Jamaica is a service that allows visitors to the Site to create possible travel itineraries for their vacations. BookIt.com allows visitors to book flights, accommodation, rental cars, activities and tour packages online. This policy does not apply to your use of unaffiliated sites to which our Site provides links. This covers only information collected on our Site.In addition, on occasion, we may collect personal identification information from you in connection with optional contests, special offers or promotions. We will share such information with necessary third parties for the purpose of carrying out the respective contest, special offer or promotion. Your participation in the contest, special offer or promotion constitutes your consent to such disclosure and use of such information. We may request personal identification information from you in connection with membership registration for surveys, forums, subscription registrations, newsletter, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, visitors’ requests for free products or services or additional information (including via e-mail to us) and in connection with other activities, services or resources we make available on our Site. In all these cases, we will collect personal identification information from you ONLY if you voluntarily submit such information to us.Except as otherwise provided in this policy, we make every effort to ensure that we never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under law. Further, JTB may contact you based on the information you provide online whether in connection with your registration or in such places as the above described forums.If you do provide us with personal information for any of these activities, we may use it to conduct the activity. In addition, in the event that your personally identifiable information is requested as part of our surveys, polls or promotions, such personally identifiable information may be added to your registration information.
Non Personal InformationNon-personal information is generally collected via cookies. Advertisements on our site as well as links may contain cookies which enhance the convenience of our sites. Cookies make it easier to save your preferences and reduce the incidence of users having to input the same information multiple times. Browsers may allow you to disable cookies at any time, but this may affect your use of VisitJamaica’s websites and/or your ability to access certain features on the VisitJamaica websites. The non-personal information collected by the cookies or other advertising technology may be used for analytical or research purposes. Effort has been made to ensure that the data collection methods, by third parties who provide these services to the JTB, comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, whether a fixed or mobile device is used.We have the following exceptions to these policies: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Site.
Changes to Privacy PolicyVISITJAMAICA.COM retains the right to change this Privacy Policy. For your benefit, we will post changes to this page in a timely manner.If you have questions, suggestions or concerns about any elements of this Privacy Policy, please send an email to info@visitjamaica.com or write to the Jamaica Tourist Board at its main office at 64 Knutsford Boulevard, Kingston 5, Jamaica, West Indies.

