
Your Choices
Account Information
You may update the online account information you provide to us by logging into your online account.  This information should update across the online accounts you use to access the Services, except that you will have to separately maintain and update your MotoSport account.  
Opt-Out of Sharing for Direct Marketing Purposes
To opt out of us sharing your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please send us an email containing the subject line “sharing opt out” to info@backcountry.com. 
Please note that California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes.  Under the law, a business must either provide this information or permit California residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing.  We qualify for this alternative option through the opt-out we provide above.
Location Information
If you initially consent to our collection of precise location information via our mobile app, you should be able to stop the collection of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.  If you do so, you may be prevented from using certain features of our mobile app.  You may also stop our collection of precise location information via our mobile apps by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile apps from your device.
Revoking Other Mobile App Permissions
Your mobile device operating system may provide you with the ability to discontinue our access to the information described in the “Stored Information” section of this policy via our mobile apps.  You may also stop our collection of this information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile apps from your mobile device.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Promotional Emails
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from one of our Services by following the instructions in those emails or by changing the preferences through your online account with each Service.  If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. 
Promotional Calls
You may opt out of receiving promotional calls from us by letting us know during one of those calls or by sending an email to info@backcountry.com with the subject line “opt out to calls”.
Mobile Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device.  You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
