
1. The Citizen is operated by Caxton and CTP Printers and Publishers Limited and their licensors know and respect that you care how information about you is used and shared. The Citizen appreciates your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
2. By registering on The Citizen websites, you are accepting the conditions and practices described.
3. The Citizen is the proprietor of a website (and intellectual property thereto) known as “The Citizen” in the Republic of South Africa.
4. The Citizen is an online publication that publishes targeted hyper-local content for geographical communities in South Africa. The Citizen solicits comments and reviews on certain content posted to the The Citizen site/s. These comments and reviews can then be accessed and read by other The Citizen users. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, a “user” is defined as someone using the The Citizen website.
5. By using The Citizen, you permit the collection and use of your personal information as outlined below in the Privacy Policy. You should visit this page periodically to review any changes to the Privacy Policy.
6. When/if you voluntarily disclose personal identifiable information (e.g. user name, e-mail address) via profile set-up, newsletter subscription, posting of comments and/or reviews, or in other areas of the The Citizen website, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in your communication, may be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. These activities are beyond the control of The Citizen. E-mail addresses collected during the posting/submission of comments/reviews (from the relevant fields in the form) will not be published on the website. Please do not post any personal information on the The Citizen website or in other areas that you expect to keep private.
7. As a registered The Citizen user, you can modify your personal information at any time by accessing the “My Profile” section of the The Citizen site.
8. Upon your request, The Citizen will remove you and your personal information from our records; however, it may be impossible to remove your entries as they may have created additional relevant content. Registered users who wish to delete their registration should do so by emailing websiteadmin@caxton.co.za.
9. Information The Citizen and/or its licensors and/or associates collects:
1. User submitted account information such as name, age and email address to identify you and may send you notifications related to the use of the service;
2. User submitted location information such as city, state, or area code;
3. User submitted reviews, opinions, experiences and ratings of local businesses and/or service providers;
4. Advertiser submitted advertisements, photos, logo’s, specials, reviews, opinions and/or incentives to contact their local businesses;
10. Some information collected is not explicitly submitted by the user as The Citizen logs your browser-type related information, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp.
11. How The Citizen Uses Your Information
1. The Citizen may use your email address to send you updates or news regarding the The Citizen website, but you may choose not to receive email of this type by accessing the “My Profile” tab of the The Citizen website and updating your notification settings.
2. Browser-type related information, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp data help The Citizen diagnose problems with the The Citizen server, administer The Citizen, and otherwise provide the highest possible level of service to you. The Citizen may also use this information to perform statistical analysis of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the The Citizen website and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on, their advertising banners.
12. Transfer of Information
1. The Citizen and/or its licensors and/or associates will disclose information about individual users to governmental or judicial authorities or law enforcement agencies, or to other individuals or entities in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes.
2. The Citizen and/or its licensors and/or associates may share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or suspected fraud, or to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
3. The Citizen and/or its licensors and/or associates reserves the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of The Citizen or its business. In such an event, The Citizen will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
13. Links
1. The The Citizen website may contain links to third party websites to which The Citizen has no affiliation. The Citizen does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. The Citizen suggests you read the privacy policies on these third party websites.
14. Use of Cookies
1. Like most websites, The Citizen requires cookies to function properly. Cookies are small text files that reside on a user’s computer and identify you as a unique user. The Citizen uses cookies to refine the The Citizen website, store the user’s location-specific information and simplify the user experience. For example, the use of cookies allows registered users to enter the region/community specific The Citizen website without explicitly making that selection every time. You should be aware that The Citizen cannot control the use of cookies by advertisers or any information advertisers may gather from their use of cookies. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features (e.g. customised delivery of information) available on the The Citizen website.
15. Security
1. Your The Citizen website membership is password-protected.
2. The Citizen tries very hard to protect the The Citizen website users’ information.
3. The Citizen limits the access to your information to those employees who need access to perform their job function such as customer service personnel.
4. If you have any questions about the security at the The Citizen website, please contact The Citizen.
5. Although The Citizen takes appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, The Citizen cannot assure you that personal identifiable information that The Citizen collects will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
6. You hereby acknowledge that is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet, and you hereby release and indemnify The Citizen from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorised manner.
16. Terms and Modifications to this Privacy Policy
1. By using the The Citizen website, you signify your agreement to the terms of the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use the site. The Citizen may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If a material change is made to this Privacy Policy and/or the way The Citizen uses users’ personally identifiable information, then The Citizen will post a prominent notice of the nature of such change on the first page of this Privacy Policy (accessible from the “Terms of Use” link at the bottom of the site. You are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it. Your continued use of the site indicates your assent to any changes to this Privacy Policy.
17. Currency
1. All transactions are processed in South African Rands.
18. Contacting The Citizen
1. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the privacy practices of this The Citizen website, or if you want to exercise any of the rights that you are given under this Privacy Policy, you can contact:
Citizen Building
9 Wright Street, Industria
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
 
1. OWNERSHIP AND WARNING
1. This web site is owned and operated by Caxton and CTP Printers and Publishers Limited and their associates and/or licensors.
2. The use of the The Citizen website (“The Citizen”) is offered to you on the condition that you read, understand and accept all of the following terms and conditions (“these Conditions”), including the The Citizen website Privacy Policy.
3. By clicking “I Accept” when registering on this website, you will be deemed to have read, understood and accepted these Conditions. Acceptance by you and your use of the The Citizen website will bind you to these Conditions. If you do not wish to accept these Conditions, do not click “I Accept”.
2. DEFINITIONS
1. In these terms and conditions, unless the context indicates a contrary intention, the following words and expressions shall bear the meanings assigned to them hereunder and cognate expressions shall bear corresponding meanings:
1. “The Citizen” means The Citizen, operated by Caxton and CTP Printers and Publishers Limited and Moneyweb and their associates, companies incorporated in accordance with the company laws of the Republic of South Africa;
2. “Conditions” means all of the terms and conditions set out hereunder;
3. “Content” includes, but is not limited to, information, data, text, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages and other materials available via the The Citizen Service;
4. “Licensee” means a licensee, partner or agent of The Citizen, if any, or the The Citizen website;
5. “Postings” includes, but is not limited to, comments, opinions, reviews, postings, blogs, pictures and other content posted via the The Citizen Service;
6. “Privacy Policy” mean the The Citizen website Privacy Policy;
7. “The Citizen site” or “The Citizen website” means the The Citizen website located via The Citizen’s website and/or such other website as may be determined by The Citizen from time to time, including but not limited to any Licensee’s website and includes all linked pages owned and operated by The Citizen;
8. “You” means you, the person who will use, uses, or wishes to apply to use, the The Citizen website and “Your” shall have a corresponding meaning.
3. PRIVACY POLICY
1. Before accessing the The Citizen website, you must READ the Privacy Policy.
2. You must not access or continue to use the The Citizen Website if you do not agree with the Privacy Policy.
3. Access to and your use of the The Citizen Website constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.
4. CAPACITY
1. By accessing and using the The Citizen site and or The Citizen website, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to register and be bound by these Conditions.
2. The use of the The Citizen website or service is at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with any local laws applicable to your use of the The Citizen site and or The Citizen service.
5. ABOUT THE CAXTON LOCAL NEWSPAPERS WEBSITE
1. The Citizen services are available exclusively through the The Citizen website.
2. The The Citizen service will, among other things:
1. offer you local news, opinions, announcements and galleries;
2. allow you to post and share opinions, reviews and experiences of your own for other The Citizen site users;
3. allow you to view commercial content, including but not limited to motor vehicles and houses for sale, job listings, classifieds, and business directory listings.
6. CAXTON LOCAL NEWSPAPERS MAY REVIEW/DELETE POSTINGS
1. The Citizen and/or its Licensees reserve the right (but not the obligation) to review, delete, edit, reject or remove (at its sole and absolute discretion), any Postings, any Content that violates these Conditions or business listings (including business name, address, phone, fax, distance, reviews, rating).
2. The Citizen and/or its Licensee is not required to provide reasons for its decision to review, edit, reject and/or delete Postings or business listings.
7. POSTINGS
1. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any Postings that you publish, communicate or display on the The Citizen website or transmit to other users.
2. The opinions expressed in the Postings do not reflect the opinions of The Citizen or any of its Licensees and/or associates and The Citizen and its Licensees and/or associates do not accept any liability for the content included in the Postings nor are they responsible or liable for its accuracy or reliability.
3. You acknowledge and agree that you will evaluate and bear all risks associated with the use and publication of any Postings, including any reliance on the content, integrity, and accuracy of these Postings.
4. The Citizen, the Licensee or other licensors reserves the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and any person or entity which you have reviewed, or that is included in your Postings.
5. You grant to The Citizen and its Licensees, and you represent and warrant, that you have the right to grant, The Citizen and its Licensees, contractors, associates and other users of the The Citizen website, an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully sub-licensable, fully paid up, worldwide license to use, reproduce, publicly perform, digitally perform, publicly display, and distribute your Postings and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such Postings in all formats and in any manner, media or format now known or hereafter devised.
8. PROHIBITED POSTINGS AND REGISTRATION DETAILS
1. When submitting your Postings in any form whatsoever or when providing details for your registration:
1. You must not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the The Citizen website and or The Citizen service;
2. You must not edit, change, modify or create versions of the The Citizen, Caxton or Moneyweb logos or other trademarks.
2. Your Postings must not contain:
1. Content that includes any profanity, vulgarity, obscenity, hate speech or threat;
2. Content that is (or could be reasonably expected to be) defamatory, racist, offensive, an invasion of privacy, pornographic, contains sexually explicit material, or otherwise objectionable or unlawful;
3. Content that incites or perpetuates hatred against or vilifies any person or group on the basis of age, ethnicity, nationality, race, gender, sexual preference, religion or physical or mental disability;
4. personal information about another individual without their permission;
5. material that may harass another person;
6. Content that is not an original work in which you own all rights (including copyright);
7. Content that falsely expresses or implies that the material is sponsored or endorsed by The Citizen, The Citizen service, the The Citizen website, the Licensee, other licensors or associates;
8. Content which you know or should reasonably have known is misleading, deceptive or false;
9. Content that infringes, misappropriates or violates the intellectual property, publicity, privacy or other rights of any party;
10. Content that is (or could be reasonably expected to be) advertising or commercial in nature;
11. Content promoting or encouraging illegal activity;
12. advice of any kind in relation to tax, law, finance or other such advice of a professional nature; or
13. Content that is not in English or such other language as may be determined by The Citizen from time to time.
3. You must not:
1. affect the way The Citizen, The Citizen service, the The Citizen website, the Licensee’s site, other licensors or associates displays its pages, including, but limited to, placing pop-up windows over its pages or by framing blogs;
2. use web bugs or tracking technologies like sitemeter or Human Click, Using java, JavaScript, ActiveX or cookies;
3. use files or publish processes that might interfere with or pose a threat to the operation of the system or to the security of other users;
4. provide any Content containing Trojan horses, viruses, worms, cancelbots, time bombs or other computer programming routines that might damage, detrimentally interfere with, intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information;
5. edit, modify or customize the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites in a way that might affect or adversely affect the display of any advertising or promotional links on these sites and pages;
6. modify, adapt, translate, or reverse engineer any portion of the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites;
7. use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other device to retrieve or index any portion of the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites and/or pages other than the engine provided;
8. take any action that imposes, or may impose in The Citizen’s sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites and/or IT infrastructure;
9. use the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store illegal material including that which are deemed threatening or obscene;
10. use the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites, intentionally or unintentionally, to violate any applicable local, state, national or international law;
11. collect information to access the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites without their written consent;
12. copy or store any Postings or Content offered on the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites other than for your own use;
13. collect any information about other users, including, but not limited to, their username, email address or password;
14. share your password with another party;
15. create more than one account;
16. re-establish an account on The Citizen after your registration has been terminated;
17. submit misleading or false information to The Citizen or the The Citizen website;
18. impersonate another person by entering, selecting or using that person’s name, User ID or email address;
19. recreate user accounts by automated means or under false or fraudulent pretenses;
20. use email tools (such as “Email this page”) to send spam or use advertisements, paid links, affiliate marketing, or any other form of link spam;
21. speak on behalf of the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites by describing yourself as a The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites employee or use said business letterhead or logo’s on any material without written consent from the said entities.
9. TERM
1. These Conditions will remain in full force and effect every time you use the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, and other licensors or associates sites.
10. OWNERSHIP
1. Except for Postings submitted by users, the The Citizen website, The Citizen service and all aspects thereof, including all copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights therein, is owned by The Citizen, the Licensee or other licensors.
2. As the The Citizen website, The Citizen service and any underlying technology or software used in connection with the The Citizen website and The Citizen service contains The Citizen’s proprietary information, you may not modify, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, publicly display or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, and/or materials available on the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites in whole or in part without written consent of said businesses unless expressly permitted in The Citizen and said business policies and procedures made available via the The Citizen service.
3. Except as expressly and unambiguously provided herein, The Citizen, the Licensee and its suppliers do not grant you any express or implied rights and all rights in the The Citizen service are retained by The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, and other licensors or associates sites.
11. CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT OR THE CAXTON LOCAL NEWSPAPERS SERVICE
1. These Conditions, the The Citizen website and the The Citizen service may be modified by The Citizen at any time without prior notice, and such modifications will be effective upon The Citizen posting of the new Conditions and/or upon implementation of the new changes on the The Citizen website.
2. You agree to review the Conditions periodically so that you are aware of any modifications.
3. Your continued use of the The Citizen website and or The Citizen service after any modifications indicates your acceptance of the modified Conditions.
4. Unless expressly stated by The Citizen, any new features, new services, enhancements or modifications to the The Citizen website and The Citizen service implemented after your initial access to the Service shall be subject to these Conditions.
12. SECURITY AND REGISTRATION
1. In order to use or access some of the The Citizen service you will be required to register with The Citizen and to select a password and user name, which shall consist of an email address of own and user ID (“User ID”).
2. Your registration details would be kept secure and private and will not be used for any other purpose other than as a user of the The Citizen website to use the The Citizen website and The Citizen service (Refer to the Privacy Policy).
3. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your User ID and password.
4. You agree to immediately notify The Citizen, The Citizen services and/or the Licensee of any unauthorized use of your User ID or password;
5. You must ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.
6. By using the The Citizen services and/or The Citizen website pursuant to these Conditions, you agree that The Citizen may for security reasons and subject to the existing privacy laws, “intercept” and “monitor” (as defined in the Regulation of Interception of Communications and Provision of Communication-Related Information Act No 70 of 2002) any communication that you make or receive through your use of the The Citizen services and/or The Citizen website. You agree that the consent given in terms of this clause constitutes written consent as contemplated in the Electronic Communications and Transactions Act No 25 of 2002 as amended and any other applicable legislation.
13. TERMINATION
1. You must provide The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites with accurate, true, complete, and updated registration information and failure to do so will constitute a breach of these Conditions and may result in immediate termination of your registration.
2. The Citizen may, at its sole discretion, refuse to register or, cancel or terminate your registration and User ID if The Citizen considers, at its sole and absolute discretion, that you have breached any of these Conditions.
14. COPYRIGHT
1. All data included on the The Citizen website, The Citizen service, the Licensee site, other licensors or associates sites such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, data compilations, and software (“data”) is the property of said businesses or its content suppliers and protected by international and/or applicable national copyright laws.
2. The compilation of all data on the The Citizen website is the exclusive property of The Citizen or its affiliates and protected by international and/or applicable national copyright laws.
3. All software used on the The Citizen website is the property of The Citizen, its affiliates, or its software suppliers and protected by international and/or applicable national copyright laws.
4. You must not distribute, sell, rent, sublicense or lease any information or data obtained from the The Citizen website and/or The Citizen service.
15. TRADEMARKS
1. The Citizen and other The Citizen/Caxton graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, registered trademarks or trade dress of The Citizen and/or Caxton/Moneyweb are the authorised users of same.
2. The Citizen’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not The Citizen’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits The Citizen.
3. All other trademarks not owned by The Citizen, the Licensee or its affiliates that appear on the The Citizen website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by The Citizen, the Licensee or its affiliates.
16. COPYRIGHT DISPUTE POLICY
1. The Citizen has adopted the following general policy toward copyright infringement:
1. The Citizen Policy. The Citizen’s policy is to (i) block access to or remove material that it believes in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of The Citizen’s advertisers, affiliates, content providers, users; and (ii) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders.
2. Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements. If you believe that Content, material or Postings residing on or is accessible through the The Citizen website or The Citizen service infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the address listed below. This infringement notice must include:
1. a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed;
2. identification of works or materials being infringed;
3. identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that The Citizen is capable of finding and verifying its existence;
4. contact information about the notifier including address, telephone number and email address;
5. a statement that the notifier believes in good faith that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
6. a statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.
3. Once an Infringement Notification is received by The Citizen, it is policy:
1. to remove or disable access to the infringing material;
2. to notify the provider of the material or user that it has removed or disabled access to the material and that repeat offenders will have the infringing material removed from the system and that The Citizen will terminate such provider’s or user’s access to the service;
4. If the provider or user believes that the material that was removed or to which access was disabled is either not infringing, or the provider or user believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, the provider or user must send a counter-notice containing the following information:
1. a physical or electronic signature of the provider or user;
2. identification of the material that has been removed or to which access to has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled;
3. a statement that the provider or user has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the material; and
4. the provider’s or user’s name, address, telephone number, and, email address and a statement that such person or entity consents to the appropriate jurisdiction of the courts for the district in the Republic of South Africa in which the provider’s or user’s address is located, for any district in which The Citizen is located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
5. If a counter-notice is received by The Citizen, The Citizen may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the provider or user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at The Citizen’s discretion. Please contact The Citizen to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement at the following email address: websiteadmin@caxton.co.za. The Citizen reserves the right to change the email address from time to time.
17. LIABILITY
1. You acknowledge and agree that The Citizen, The Citizen services and the Licensee will not, under any circumstances, be liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred in relation to the The Citizen website, as a result of your use in any way of the The Citizen website including any Postings or Content.
2. You further acknowledge that if you enter into correspondence or engage in commercial transactions with third parties in connection with your use of the The Citizen website and/or The Citizen service, it is solely between you and the applicable third party. The Citizen and the Licensee have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such activity and/or published comments/Content on the The Citizen website. You hereby release and indemnify The Citizen and the Licensee from all claims arising from such activity.
3. The Citizen and the Licensee shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond The Citizen’s or the Licensee’s reasonable control, including, but not limited to, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including “line-noise” interference).
4. Without limiting the foregoing, The Citizen, the Licensee, affiliates and suppliers will not be liable under any law, for any indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, including, but not limited to loss of profits, business interruption, and/or loss of information or data. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, The Citizen’s and the Licensee’s maximum aggregate liability to you for any causes whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to The Citizen or the Licensee, as the case may be, for the The Citizen service in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to liability.
18. INDEMNITY
1. You agree to indemnify and hold The Citizen and the Licensee, parent companies, subsidiaries, licensors, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including all expenses and legal costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of (i) your access to and use of the The Citizen website, (ii) your use of the The Citizen service and the Content provided by you, (iii) the violation of these Conditions by you, or (iv) the infringement by you, or any third party using your account or User ID or password, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
19. DISCLAIMER
1. The The Citizen website is provided by The Citizen on an “as is” basis. The Citizen and its licensors, Licensees and affiliates make no representations or warranties of any kind, express, statutory or implied as to the operation of the The Citizen website, The Citizen service or the information, Content, Postings, materials, or products included on the The Citizen website or in association with the The Citizen service.
2. To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, The Citizen and its licensors, Licensees and affiliates disclaim all warranties, express, statutory, or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
3. The Citizen, its licensors, Licensees and affiliates further do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within the The Citizen website. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply to you. The Citizen is not responsible for the conduct of any user of the The Citizen website.
4. The Citizen does not warrant or covenant that the The Citizen service will be available at any time or from any particular location, or will be secure or error-free, or that defects will be corrected or that the The Citizen service is free of viruses or other potentially harmful components. If defects are identified The Citizen will endeavor to correct them.
5. Any material or Content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the The Citizen website is accessed at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by any user from The Citizen, the The Citizen website or through or from the The Citizen service shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
20. MISCELLANEOUS
1. If there is any dispute about or involving the The Citizen website and/or the The Citizen service, by using the The Citizen website, you agree that the dispute will be governed by the laws of the Republic of South Africa without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
2. You agree to personal jurisdiction by and venue in the courts of the Republic of South Africa.
3. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of these Conditions and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind The Citizen or the Licensee in any respect whatsoever.
4. The Citizen may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Conditions by email, regular mail or postings on the The Citizen service.
5. These Conditions, accepted upon use of the The Citizen website or The Citizen service, and all terms, guidelines and rules referenced herein contain the entire agreement between you and The Citizen regarding the use of the The Citizen website and/or the The Citizen service.
6. The failure of The Citizen or the Licensee to exercise or enforce any right or any of these Conditions will not constitute a waiver of such right or Condition.
7. If any Condition is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that Condition shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the balance of these Conditions shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
8. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sub licensable by you except with The Citizen’s or the Licensee’s prior written consent.
9. You acknowledge that electronic signature, encryption and/or authentication is not required for valid electronic communications between you and The Citizen.
10. The section titles in these Conditions are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
21. CONTACT AND VIOLATIONS
1. Please contact The Citizen with any questions regarding these Conditions. Please report any violations of the Conditions to Caxton Local websiteadmin@caxton.co.za or such other address as may be provided by The Citizen from time to time.

