



Forum rules and guidelines
    are not up for debate. 
This is not a democracy, but rather a
    private forum. 
    You agree not to question the way moderators exercise their discretion in moderating and
    enforcing forum rules and guidelines. If you have an issue with a moderator's action, you
    are to bring it to the attention of 
    paceadv@paceadvantage.com




Terms Of Service

Please read this notice before using the
site. By using the site, you agree to abide by these Terms of Use; please do not use this
site if you do not agree with the Terms of Use outlined below. PaceAdvantage.Com reserves
the right to modify the Terms of Use at its sole discretion, and by using this site, you
agree to be bound by the modifications or updates to the Terms of Use.
Considering the real-time nature of this site, it is impossible
for us to review messages or confirm the validity of information posted. Please remember
that we at PaceAdvantage.Com do not actively monitor the contents of this board at all
times and are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the
accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the
contents of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not
necessarily the views of this Discussion Board or any entity associated with this forum.
Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us
immediately by email. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will
make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal
is necessary. This is a manual process, however, so please realize that we may not be able
to remove or edit particular messages immediately.
You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use
this forum to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate,
abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening,
invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise in violation of any law. You agree not to
post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by this forum.
Although this forum does not and cannot review the messages posted
and is not responsible for the content of any of these messages, we at this forum reserve
the right to delete any message for any or no reason whatsoever. You remain solely
responsible for the content of your messages, and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless
this PaceAdvantage.Com Discussion Board and their agents with respect to any claim based
upon transmission of your message(s).
The PaceAdvantage.Com Discussion Boards are designed for members
to express their opinions, viewpoints and testimonials on various events, products, and/or
services based upon speculation, personal knowledge and factual information through use,
therefore all views represented here allow no liability upon the publishers of this web
site and the owners of said views assume no liability for any ill will resulting from
these postings. The posts made here are for educational as well as entertainment purposes
and as such anyone viewing this portion of the website must accept these views as
statements of the author of that opinion and agrees to release the authors from any and
all liability.
We at this forum also reserve the right to reveal your identity
(or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action
arising from any message posted by you.
Please note that blatant unapproved advertisements, chain letters,
pyramid schemes, and solicitations are very inappropriate on this forum.
If you want to participate with the other horse racing enthusiasts
on the PaceAdvantage.Com Discussion Board, you will need to register. Registration is
free and only takes about 2 minutes. A significant reason for the success of
the PaceAdvantage.Com Discussion Boards to date is our insistence that all participants
obey the simple set of rules posted below.

You are not allowed to post the same message in
    multiple forums without permission from the PaceAdvantage.Com Moderator. Direct all such
    requests via e-mail to the PaceAdvantage.Com Board Administrator (==PA).
 
The registering of multiple user names is 
  strictly prohibited. One person, one user name.
 
The use of profanity is not allowed on the PaceAdvantage.Com
    Discussion Board.

"Flaming" of other participants is strictly forbidden.
    This includes posts against software vendors, authors, selection services, etc. Civil
    conduct is a primary requirement for participation on the PaceAdvantage.Com Discussion
    Board.


"Spamming", in any form, is strictly forbidden.


You may not use the PaceAdvantage.Com Discussion Board to either
    advertise or promote commercial endeavors without permission from the PaceAdvantage.Com
    Administrator. Direct all such requests via e-mail to the PaceAdvantage.Com Board
    Administrator (==PA).


Special Note to software vendors, authors, selection services,
    etc., or any person or company that deals in products or services for sale. You are not
    allowed to post items for sale in this forum without permission from board Administrators.
    If you need promotion services, this forum can provide advertising options 
  to suit any budget.  Contact 
  ads@paceadvantage.com for more information. 


You may only include URLs or active links to commercial &
    non-commercial sites for the purpose of expanding on comments or providing additional
    information as part of regular forum interactions.


You agree not to use this forum to accuse anyone, any company or
    any product or service of being "stupid" or a "fraud" or to use a term
    like "snake oil" to describe a particular product, as such terms may be viewed
    as defamatory and abusive.


You agree to keep all threads ON TOPIC.  The 
  posting of notes which appear designed to take a thread in an entirely 
  different direction than what was originally intended will be moved or deleted 
  immediately, with no questions asked in most cases.
 
Politically charged avatars and postings are strictly 
  forbidden in any of the HORSE RACING topics.  The OFF-TOPIC forums have 
  been specifically designed for just this sort of subject.  The 
  administrator reserves the right to remove any avatar deemed 
  unacceptable.


Again...No bashing. This is becoming more of a problem as the forum
    grows. Please remember this forum is here to help those who need it and to pass along
    useful information. Let's keep this a friendly place. 


Private Messaging is a privilege. Please report any misuse or
    spamming to the PaceAdvantage.Com Board Administrator immediately.

The above rules will be strictly enforced.
Continued violations may result in loss of PaceAdvantage.Com Discussion Board privileges
and complaints being lodged with your Internet Service Provider. 
Other than enforcing the above rules, the PaceAdvantage.Com
management and staff does not attempt to control or validate any comments or
recommendations provided by participants. As such, PaceAdvantage.Com is not responsible
for any inaccuracies that may result in personal liability or monetary loss.
Polite queries will elicit polite and helpful responses, likewise,
that ranting and raving, bashing, and insults will prompt commensurate responses. Ye shall
reap what ye sow.

Remember that although I pride myself on my ability to
provide multiple responses to questions and problems very rapidly, I do have a day job,
and sometimes the demands of paid employment makes quick responses impossible. Please bear
with me.
 

Privacy Notice

PaceAdvantage.Com values your privacy. To
keep you informed, we have created this privacy statement that discloses our purposes and
methods for online collection and use of information. This statement applies to all
information collected through the PaceAdvantage.Com website and information gathered from
any web pages that we host.
Types of Information Collected
Generally, personal information is not collected from visitors to
the PaceAdvantage.Com website. However, in order to access certain special services,
personal information is requested; those cases are described in more detail below.
Discussion Board Registration
PaceAdvantage.Com Discussion Board requires a valid e-mail address
for users who want to participate on the message board. This allows us to protect our
community from abusive postings and provides a verifiable point of contact should legal
questions arise. At any time, you have the ability to keep your e-mail address hidden from
other users by selecting that option within your user profile.
Also in the forum registration, you have the option of providing
some additional information such as occupation, interests, and homepage URL. This
information is made available to other bulletin board users to foster a sense of
community. If you have any concerns about providing this information, simply leave the
fields blank and your registration will still be processed.
Cookies
Certain activities on the PaceAdvantage.Com website involve the
use of "cookies" to facilitate your experience. This includes retention of your
username and password for the message board and showing a default Topic View when you
visit the forums. You have the option to turn these cookies off at any time by updating
your user profile preferences. If your browser doesn’t support cookies, or if you
have cookies turned off, these preferences will not be set.
Disclosure of Personal Information
PaceAdvantage.Com does not disclose your personally identifying
information to any third parties for any purpose without your prior consent. All
reasonable care is taken by staff handling personal information to ensure its security
both offline and online. It is our policy to destroy server access and personal
information provided during the technical support process upon completion of the technical
support incident.
It’s also important to be aware that when you voluntarily
provide personal information (e.g., last name, address, phone number) in a posting on the
bulletin board, that information is publicly available and may be used by someone in a
manner unintended by you. For that reason, we discourage the offering of any personally
identifying information within the message board itself.
Privacy for Children Aged 12 and Under
Although the PaceAdvantage.Com website is targeted at a general
adult audience, we welcome the participation of younger users with their parents’
consent. We strongly recommend that users 12 and under refrain from offering any personal
information either in their user profile or in the message boards themselves, and we
encourage parents to stay involved in the online life of their children.
Changing or Updating Personal Information
If you would like to update or change your user profile on the
PaceAdvantage.Com message board, please click the USER CP link which is located 
on the menu bar at the top of every forum page.
If you have questions regarding your information, you can contact
the Administrator at paceadv@paceadvantage.com . 
Resource Area for the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act 
Effective April 21, 2000, the Children's Online Privacy Protection
Act (COPPA) seeks to institute online safety measures that protect children aged 12 and
under. PaceAdvantage.Com, as a provider of an online community that are affected by this
new law, is providing this resource page to assist its users with understanding this new
law.
Helpful Links:
How to Comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/buspubs/coppa.htm
Federal Trade Commission Privacy Initiatives Site (includes link
to the full text of the Final Rule) 
http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/index.html
Online Privacy Alliance's Resources for Business
http://www.privacyalliance.org/resources

All rights reserved. By posting on this Discussion Board you grant
PaceAdvantage.Com, and its successors and assigns a nonexclusive irrevocable right to
re-use your posting in any manner it or they see fit without notice or compensation to
you. No material contained in this site may be republished or reposted without express
written consent of PaceAdvantage.Com, except that message board users retain the right to
republish or repost their own work.
 

