
Privacy Statement
CureMD is the physician's e-business partner providing essential business services to physicians and their practices. CureMD appreciates the confidential nature of physician-related information not limited to, but including personal, patient, and internet related transaction information. CureMD has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the online privacy and security of physicians and other users.
Whenever you submit or modify your information in CureMD, we will send such information over the Internet using Secure Socket Layer, version 3 (or other later versions) (SSL) encryption technology. The information you submit to CureMD will be stored on a separate server as an additional security precaution. However, we do not warrant or represent that the information you submit to CureMD will be protected against loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
Except as set forth in this paragraph, CureMD will not disclose to unaffiliated companies any information it gathers from you which could be used to identify or contact you (Physician Information or Practice Information). Any Physician or Practice Information provided to entities affiliated with CureMD will be treated in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, unless you are otherwise notified.
In the following limited circumstances we will consider, and may release, Physician or Practice Information to third parties:

to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or
										in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others. We might also provide Physician or Practice Information to our vendors and suppliers where it is necessary for them to provide us with products and services related to better operation and maintenance of our web-site ("Vendors").

We will attempt to require that each of these Vendors not further use or disclose your Physician or Practice Information for any purpose other than providing us or you with products and services. Of course, we cannot guarantee their compliance with these restrictions.
CureMD may provide information about you which does not allow you to be identified or contacted (Aggregate Information) to third parties. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our site and the activities they conduct while on our site. We might also inform a pharmaceutical company (that may or may not be an advertiser on our site) that "30% of our users live east of the Mississippi" or that "25% of our users have tried alternative medicine." Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge for this information.
Please note that you are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to your CureMD password or account. It is your sole responsibility to

Control the dissemination and use of activation codes and passwords;
										Authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your CureMD account and password;
										Promptly inform CureMD of any need to deactivate a password. You grant CureMD and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the CureMD web-site and CureMD the right to receive, transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your Physician or Practice Information, including information which may be privileged and confidential under applicable state and federal laws, in connection with the operation of CureMD. CureMD cannot and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information you submit to CureMD or your or third parties' use or misuse of information transmitted or received using CureMD.

CureMD wants your Physician and Practice Information to remain as secure as reasonably possible. That is why we have a two-tier system at CureMD that combines leading technical safeguards and a code of conduct for those employees that are permitted to access our customers' personal information. On the technical side, CureMD uses SSL to help ensure the integrity and privacy of the Physician and Practice Information you provide to us via the Internet. As an additional security measure, your Physician and Practice Information is also kept physically separate on a separate server where your password is encrypted and stored in a database. On the employee side, only authorized CureMD employees are permitted to access your Physician and Practice information. All CureMD employees must abide by our Privacy Policy and those who violate our Privacy Policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
This privacy statement applies only to the CureMD web site. The CureMD site might contain links to other sites. Please be aware that CureMD is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personal or practice information from you.
CureMD may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to our website. Your use of the site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy, please exit the site immediately.

