
CHENGDU Yiwo® Tech Development Co., Ltd's Privacy Policy
CHENGDU Yiwo® Tech Development Co., Ltd respects your privacy choices. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy. What is personal information? Generally, this may include your first and last name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. If you make a purchase from our site, we will need to collect some information to be used only for the purpose of completing your purchase transaction.
This policy covers the EaseUS web sites. Some of our advertisers, affiliates, or programs have their own, possibly different policies.
CHENGDU Yiwo® Tech Development Co., Ltd encourages you to read this privacy policy and those of all web sites you visit. Below is a summary of CHENGDU Yiwo® Tech Development Co., Ltd's online privacy policy.
Types and uses of information.
Your privacy is important to us.
CHENGDU Yiwo® Tech Development Co., Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. Because we collect two types of user information, General Statistical Information and Personal Identifying Information, we are providing you with this policy to inform you of how we use and, in limited circumstances, disclose such information.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of General Statistical Information
When you visit our web site we gather certain general information, such as frequency of downloads, number of hits on our web site, and usage statistics with respect to our software products. This information is referred to throughout this policy as "General Statistical Information". We use and store this data only on a collective basis, in summary form, rather than on an individual basis. This data helps us to determine how and the extent to which certain parts of our web site and software are used. The stored General Statistical Information does not contain any Personal Identifying Information about you or any of our other users.
Collection and Use of Personal Identifying Information
In addition to collecting General Statistical Information, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information, such as your name, street address and email address, to enable us to respond to your requests and needs. Information that can reasonably be used to identify you is referred to in this policy as "Personal Identifying Information".
For example, if you choose a service or transaction that requires payment, such as making a purchase online or through other means such as a purchase order, we will request Personal Identifying Information necessary for payment, invoicing, and/or shipping.
In addition, when you purchase a product, we will also ask for product registration information, which includes the name of the product acquired, as well as your name, street address, and e-mail address. This Personal Identifying Information is kept on file and updated from time to time to fulfill our continuing obligations to you, such as providing notices of new versions and giving support by e-mail.
When you provide us Personal Identifying Information in an e-mail, fax or by telephone such as when you request technical and other types of support, we use the information to locate your records and provide you with answers to your questions.
Also, when you submit information to us in the context of a technical support inquiry, including sending the product error report log file, Personal Identifying Information may be attached to the information submitted.
Please note that you should be aware that the transmitting of the error report log file or other attachments may include confidential information which should be removed prior to the transmittal as we do not accept responsibility for the inadvertent subsequent disclosure of such confidential information. When you ask to be placed on one of our mailing lists, we will use your e-mail address to send you messages relevant to that list.
Information Provided by Third Parties
We may collect your personal information such as email address provided by third parties (e.g. cleverbridge/digital river) for promotional activities such as notifying you about product updates and offers according to cleverbridge/digital river Privacy Policy. If you don’t agree with this, please don’t proceed the purchase of our product. 
Security measures
We protect the personal information you share with us. For example, if you make an online purchase with RegNow network, they encrypt your credit card number. Access to your personal information is limited to people who need it to do their job.
Authorized third parties may need access to some of your personal information. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We limit such third parties in their access and use of your personal information.
We do not otherwise share your personal information with third parties, unless you have granted us permission to do so.
Linked web sites
We provide links to third party sites. Since we do not control these web sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) third party sites.
Cookies
Most EaseUS web sites use "cookies." Cookies help us provide a better user experience by measuring which web site areas are of greatest interest. CHENGDU Yiwo® Tech Development Co., Ltd can only read cookies from EaseUS web sites. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of our web sites.
We may display advertisements from third parties. Third party ad-serving companies control which ads are shown. These ad-serving companies may use cookies to collect non-personal information from you. They use this information to tailor the advertisements.
Use of Third Party Ad Networks
Most advertisements you see on the EaseUS network of websites are served to your web browser by CHENGDU Yiwo Tech Development Co., Ltd. However, we also allow other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within our web pages. 
Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the ad network's servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. In this way, ad networks may compile information about where you are, or who are using your computer or device, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on.
We may partner with third party ad networks to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. In addition, we may partner with an ad network, which allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. CHENGDU Yiwo Tech Development Co., Ltd does not have access to the cookies that may be placed by the third-party ad servers or ad networks. 

Policy updates
All updates to this policy will be posted here. Last update: October 2005.
Questions?
Please send any questions or comments on our privacy practices to corp@easeus.com. CHENGDU Yiwo® Tech Development Co., Ltd is committed to user privacy in our products and services.

