

Bikez.com Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy, use of cookies and e-mail addresses
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies like 
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party
advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Google AdSense, one of our third-party advertising companies, uses the
DoubleClick DART Cookie for this purpose. If you would like more
information about this practice and to know your choices about not having
this information used by the companies that use the DART Cookie, click 

In addition, we use web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies,
to help manage and optimize our online advertising.  Web beacons enable us
to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site, to learn which
banner ads bring users to our web site and to deliver more relevant advertising. 
To "opt-out," please click 

You can remove cookies from any website with your browser.

E-mail addresses
Bikez.com does not sell or misuse submitted e-mail adresses or other personal information.
 

 We use third-party advertising companies like Freestar and Google to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. Google AdSense, one of our third-party advertising companies, uses the DoubleClick DART Cookie for this purpose. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by the companies that use the DART Cookie, click here or here In addition, we use web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site, to learn which banner ads bring users to our web site and to deliver more relevant advertising. To "opt-out," please click here You can remove cookies from any website with your browser.Bikez.com does not sell or misuse submitted e-mail adresses or other personal information.