

                              
  ARRT Website Privacy Policy

                            

    Last Updated: May 18, 2010

    This Privacy Policy applies to the site www.arrt.org. This Privacy Policy describes
    the information the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists® ("we,"
    "our" or "ARRT") collects on this site and how we use it, the choices that candidates
    and registrants can make about personal information, and how we protect the personal
    information that candidates and registrants provide to ARRT.

    Information We Collect and How We Use It

    We collect the following personal information that you submit to ARRT at the My
    ARRT Info section on this site: email address, credit card information, and postal
    address.

    We do not share or distribute the credit card information, and it is removed from
    our systems after the transaction is settled.

    We may use the collected personal information (except for email address, which is
    described separately below) for the following purposes:
  

Contacting you by postal mail with the ARRT Annual Reports to Registered Technologists;
      renewal and other information related to registration, continuing education, examination,
      and other normal ARRT business.
If approved by you, providing your postal information to continuing education
      providers, employment recruiters, or professional societies.
Providing registration information to employers, state governments, and other
      organizations seeking registration verification.
Providing postal information to approved academic researchers.


    If a visitor merely browses through this site or downloads files, we collect certain
    information by automatic operation of this site's web servers. This information
    includes: (a) the name of the domain and host from which they access the Internet;
    (b) the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer they are using; (c) their
    browser software and operating system; (d) the date and time they access this site;
    and (e) the Internet address of the website from which they linked directly to this
    site. We may use this information, which does not identify the visitor, to enhance
    the site experience for other visitors, candidates, and registrants.

    Disclosure of Information

    ARRT may disclose the personal information of candidates and registrants submitted
    to ARRT: (a) in accordance with this Privacy Policy; (b) in accordance with the
    ARRT Rules and Regulations, Standards of Ethics, and Continuing
      Education Requirements for Renewal of Registration; (c) to comply with law,
    regulation, or other legal processes or to protect the rights, property, or safety
    of ARRT or others; (d) in emergency situations; or (e) in the event that ARRT or
    substantially all of our assets are acquired by one or more third parties as a result
    of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation, or liquidation,
    in which case personal information (including email addresses) may be one of the
    transferred assets.

    If we have the permission of candidates and registrants to do so: (a) we may from
    time to time make their name and postal address available to employers for recruitment
    purposes or to others (such as organizations related to R.T.s and continuing education
    sponsors) who may wish to contact them; and (b) we will also include name, city,
    state and registration/continuing education information of technologists in the
    "verify credentials" of this site.

    Sanctioned individuals are included without choice in the online ARRT Directory.

    Choices and Access to Personal Information

    We want to keep your personal information accurate in our records. Registrants are
    encouraged to correct or update their postal and email addresses through
    My ARRT Info. Other information may be corrected by
    contacting ARRT.

    Email Addresses
  

   Registrants who have provided their email address on this site and
    have opted in are sent the following:

Renewal reminders and ARRT news and information.
Informational email on behalf of professional societies, CE providers, employment
      recruiters, and/or academic researchers.


    You may make changes to your email preferences at any time by logging in to
    My ARRT Info
     and clicking on the "Email / Password Settings" button.

    We do not share, sell, trade, exchange, or rent the email addresses of candidates
    or registrants to third parties except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.

    Links to Other Websites

    ARRT does not endorse and is not responsible for the information practices or privacy
    policies of websites operated by other organizations that may be linked to or from
    this site. If you linked to this site from another website, or if you choose to
    link to another website from this site, then you should refer to that other website's
    privacy policy and practices.

    Cookies

    A "cookie" is a small text file that a website can place on your computer's hard
    drive for record-keeping or other administrative purposes. We may use temporary
    "session" cookies to measure the flow of visitor traffic in the aggregate and to
    make the site easy to use. Once you leave this site, the temporary cookie assigned
    by our server will expire and will be deleted from your computer.

    Most web browsers are designed to initially accept cookies. You can reset your browser
    to refuse all cookies or to alert you when a cookie is being sent to your computer.
    However, if you choose to disable cookies or refuse to accept a cookie, certain
    portions of this site may not function properly or efficiently.

    Security

    Data security is implemented through physical, administrative, and technical safeguards
    we put in place and the operational procedures we adhere to in order to protect
    personal information. We protect transactions involving personal information over
    the Internet using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We restrict access to personal
    information to our authorized employees.

    Children’s Privacy

    This site does not target and is not intended for use by children under the age
    of 13. We will not knowingly collect personal information from them. If we discover
    that personal information from a child has been provided through this site, we will
    eliminate the data.

    How to Contact Us

    If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your privacy please
    Contact ARRT.

    Changes in this Privacy Policy

    We may modify, alter, or update this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage
    you to review this policy periodically. We will not provide individual notice to
    you of changes to this Privacy Policy, but when we make updates to this Privacy
    Policy, we will update the date in this section.

