
The purpose of this privacy notice is to let visitors to the UTS Web know what information is collected about them when they visit UTS webpages, how the information is used and whether or not it is disclosed. This does not cover non-UTS webpages.Collecting personal informationUTS does not collect or solicit any personal information via the UTS Web which might be unlawful, unnecessary, excessive or unrelated to the functions or activities of the university.1. Record of your visitWhen you visit the UTS Web, a record is generated about your visit which will be used for statistical purposes. Information collected includes:your server addressyour top-level domain name (for example, .com, .gov, .au, .uk, etc.)the date and time of your visitthe pages you accessed and documents downloadedthe previous site you visited, andthe type of browser you used.2. Use of cookiesUTS may also collect personal information and other data from you through the use of a cookie or other automated means (such as server logs or proxy logs). A cookie is a packet of data that a website stores on your computer to identify you as a visitor to that website. You can choose to disallow cookies by changing settings on your web browser.Examples of the type of information that might be collected by UTS through cookies include:your computer’s IP (Internet Protocol) addressthe date, time and duration of each interaction on our website(s), using, for instance, a numbered key (a unique server-generated number used to identify the current session)the pages you view, the campaign sites you interact with, the online tools you use and the documents you download, andthe previous site visited and the type of browser used.Unique identifiers are also used to store information about users’ preferences and enable the dynamic display of the site according to your preferences when you return.3. AdvertisingUTS is remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise university related products across the internet. The university may use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimise, and display advertisements based on a user's visit to the website.To opt-out of this tracking service please go to Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.UTS also uses third party providers to target advertising based on online behaviour. See the student marketing and recruitment privacy notice for further information.4. Online request formsWhere the UTS Web provides electronic forms that allow you to request particular information from the university, personal information is only requested in order for UTS to respond to your inquiry.Where your contact details are being specifically collected for marketing purposes and to recruit students, see the student marketing and recruitment privacy notice.5. Accessing IT systems, portals, and online formsAny interaction you have through the UTS Web, through the use of IT systems, portals or online forms, will also be covered by a separate privacy notice dealing with the particular activity (eg enrolment or marketing).Using and disclosing personal informationPersonal information collected as a result of your visit to the UTS Web, through an online request form or emailed inquiry, will only be used for the purposes it was collected for as defined above, including statistical analysis. Information may also be used where required as part of an investigation into alleged breaches of UTS rules, policies or where required or permitted by law.Information will only be disclosed where required or permitted by law.Publishing personal information on the UTS WebUTS will only publish personal information on the UTS Web if it has been collected for this purpose with your knowledge or if you have consented to the disclosure. When giving such consent you should be aware that information published on the UTS Web is accessible to millions of users world-wide, that it will be indexed by search engines and that it may be copied and used by any web user. This means that once information is published on the UTS Web, UTS has no control over its subsequent use and disclosure.Managing personal informationInformation collected via the UTS Web will be stored securely and will only be retained for the purposes for which it was collected, and in line with legal retention requirements.You have a right to access personal information or amend inaccurate information held about you. Further information can be found at Your privacy at UTS.Privacy at UTSFor further information about privacy, see Privacy at UTS.

