
Please read the important information
below about our policy in dealing with your personal information.  If you access the www.FreeTradeIreland.ie
website (the “Website”) you will be
deemed to have accepted the Privacy Policy and our use of your personal
information in accordance with its terms. If you object to our use of your personal information please do not
access the Website.

1.                 What is www.FreeTradeIreland.ie?
The Website is an interactive waste
management website which is intended for use by natural and legal persons in
Ireland.  The Website features the
certain online features, including the FreeTradeIreland.ie free trade service
(the “Free Trade Service”).
The services available at the Website are
provided by the Environmental Protection Agency through the National Waste Prevention Programme.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy “we”,
“our” and “us” refers to the provider of the FreeTradeIreland.ie services.
We use the personal information that we
collect from you via the Website to administer the Website and to provide you
with an efficient and personalised experience when you use the Website.
We are committed to protecting the
privacy of users of the Website.  In
relation to any information we collect about you, we (or any third party to
whom we may outsource the hosting or operation of the Website) will comply with
the standard required by the Irish Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and any
other legal requirements regarding data privacy having effect in the Republic
of Ireland (“applicable data privacy law”).
This Privacy Policy only applies to the
Website and not to any third party websites to which we may provide links or
through which you may access the Website.

2.                 How Do We Collect Information
About You and How Is It Used?
You may provide us with personal
information such as your name, home and/or business address, postal code,
e-mail address, telephone number and password when setting up an account with
us or otherwise communicating with us.
We may collect information about your
tastes and preferences by analysis of customer traffic.
We may use personal information collected
about you to personalise your visits to the Website.  We also use the information to help us
develop the design and layout of the Website to ensure that our site is as
user-friendly as possible.
We may use personal information collected
about you to let you know about functionality changes to the Website.

3.                 Traffic Data
We may provide aggregate statistics about
traffic patterns and other site information to third parties, but these
statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you.
 
4.                 Cookie Policy 
The
 Website uses cookies, so a cookie may be placed in your computer 
browser. Cookies are small text files which provide us with information 
about how often someone visits the Website, and what they do during 
those visits.  Cookies do not themselves contain any personally 
identifying information but if you provide information to us, it may be 
linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use the following cookies: 
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the 
operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable
 you to log into secure areas of our website. Analytical/performance 
cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and
 to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. 
This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by 
ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. You 
can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the 
purposes for which we use them in the table below:  
 
 Cookie
Name
Purpose 
Expiry 
 Session
 PHPSESSID
This cookie is essential for the operation of our site. It allows you to use the site and to navigate around the site.  
      Browser is closed
 Third-party cookie
 _ga
This cookie stores a unique client identifier, which is used 
by Google Analytics to record your visit to the website. All information
 collected is anonymous. 
       2 years
 Third-party cookie
 _gat
This cookie is used by Google Analytics to record your navigation through the website. All information collected is anonymous. 
      10 minutes


If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the 
cookie acceptance option in your browser settings. Further information 
on disabling or deleting cookies can be found on www.aboutcookies.org. 
 Disabling cookie support may prevent the Website from functioning 
properly and you may not be able to utilise fully all of its features 
and information. The third-party Google Analytics cookies allow us to 
measure the traffic to the website, how long users spend on the website 
and how many pages are viewed. This information is only used for 
statistical purposes and all information collected by these cookies is 
anonymous.

5.                Other Disclosures
We
 reserve the right to access and disclose the personal information we 
have collected on you to comply with applicable laws and lawful 
government or law enforcement requests, to operate our systems properly 
or to protect us and/or the other users of the Website.  We also reserve
 the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming 
that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a 
violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to 
privacy. The Website contains links to other websites, which may be of 
interest. However, if you use the links to view another website, you 
should note that we do not have any control over that website. Therefore
 we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any 
information which you may provide while visiting such websites and such 
websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise 
caution and look at the cookies policy applicable to the website(s) in 
question.

6.                 Accessing, Reviewing and
Changing Your Personal Information
We provide you with the ability to review
and change the information you submit to us by logging into the Website and
entering in the relevant information yourself. You can change your personal details, password and contact information
by going to the “edit profile” section of the Website after you have logged on.
Upon your written request, we will
deactivate your account.  To make such a
request, please send an e-mail to info@FreeTradeIreland.ie.  Your account will be deactivated as soon as
possible after receipt of your e-mail.

7.                 Information Provided to Other
Users
Except as otherwise expressly included in
this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information
we collect from you.  To the extent that
you disclose your information to other parties on the Website, different rules
may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them.

8.                 How Do We Protect Your
Information
For the purposes of data privacy, the Environmental Protection Agency is the data controller of the personal information processed in
relation to the Website.
When you provide us with your personal
information, we offer the use of a secure server.  We have security procedures covering the
storage and disclosure of your information in order to prevent unauthorised
access and to comply with applicable data privacy law.  This means that sometimes we may ask you for
proof of identity before disclosing any personal information to you.  

9.                 Your Rights
You have the right to access the
information held about you by us and to have this information amended if
incorrect.  If you wish to avail of these
rights please contact us at info@FreeTradeIreland.ie.

10.             Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from
time to time.  The revised Privacy Policy
will be posted to the Website so that you are aware of the information we
collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.

11.             How to Contact Us
If you would like to contact us with any
queries or comments in relation to data privacy or otherwise please contact
info@FreeTradeIreland.ie.  