
User agreement

            Please read these user conditions (hereafter to be called: 'Conditions') carefully before using the Pararius website. In using the Pararius website, you indicate that you are acquainted with and accept the Conditions. If you do not agree with one or more of the Conditions, you should not make use of the Pararius website.
        

            These Conditions can also be requested at the office of Pararius and will digitally sent upon request with [email protected]


            1. Permissible use
        

            As user of the Pararius website, you should act and behave in every way as is expected from a responsible and careful internet user. You are not permitted to use the (contents of the) website for actions or behaviour that are contradictory to the law, public order and decency. In particular, the following actions and/or behaviour are not permitted: (a) infringement upon or other actions that breach the intellectual property rights of Pararius and/or third parties; (b) the making of damaging, incorrect or misleading remarks; (c) the distribution of legally prohibited material; (d) the evasion of or removal of the security of (parts of) the website. You are only permitted to download one copy of the material made available on the website for personal, non-commercial use. You are not permitted without prior written permission from Pararius to copy, modify, distribute or disperse, to "reverse engineer", decompile or in another manner to use and/or exploit the material made available. You are only permitted to introduce a hyperlink (a technical command that refers to the website of Pararius, in which the website appears in the context of Pararius), if Pararius has given prior written permission for this. Requests for making a hyperlink can be addressed to [email protected]
            If you do not adhere to the above permissible use, Pararius reserves the right to claim compensation from you for the damage resulting from this non-permitted use.
        

            2. Intellectual property rights
        

            All intellectual property rights related to the website are held exclusively by Pararius and/or its suppliers. Among what is understood by intellectual property rights is all patents, brand rights, trade name rights, databank rights, model rights, domain name and other intellectual property rights in the Netherlands or elsewhere that are related to the website and Pararius in general, including know how and trade secrets.
            You are not permitted to modify or remove any brand or recognition symbols in the material, and/or any indications regarding copyrights, trade names or other intellectual property rights, nor to modify the material in question or any parts of it, nor to copy it, nor to damage it in any way, nor to take unjustified advantage from the reputation of the intellectual property rights of Pararius.
        

            In case of a breach of the intellectual property rights of Pararius and/or its suppliers, Pararius retains the right to claim compensation for any damage it may incur.
        

            3. Liability and indemnification
        

            Pararius is not liable for the content of the website, nor of that of websites that are connected in anyway to the Pararius website, by means of hyper(text)s for example, or metatag(s). Nor is Pararius liable for any damage stemming from or in relation to the use or the inability of use of material that is available on the website or is received through cookies. Pararius is not liable for (the content of the) services and/or information from third parties that is offered in anyway through the website of Pararius.
        

            Nor is Pararius liable for damage resulting from the use of electronic means for communication with this website, including - but not limited to - damage as a result of non-delivery or delays in the delivery of electronic messages, interception or manipulation of electronic messages by third parties or by programs/equipment used for electronic communication and transmitting viruses. The above-given limitations of liability lapse if the damage is intentional or the result of gross negligence.
        

            Pararius does not guarantee that any of the information provided on the website is up-to-date, complete and/or accurate. Nor does Pararius guarantee that any of the information provided on the website is without errors, deficiencies and/or viruses. Nor does Pararius guarantee that such errors and/or deficiencies on the website will be repaired or that the viruses will be removed.
        

            In case of doubt about the accuracy of the information or if inaccuracies are found, we advise you to make contact with the source of the information in question (usually the estate agent). Pararius is not responsible either for any damage stemming directly or indirectly from the use of information gained from Pararius.
        

            You indemnify Pararius from any damages resulting from claims of third parties concerning infringement or non-observation of the Conditions, or from claims that otherwise are related to or stem from your use of the website.
        

            4. Privacy Policy
        

            The Pararius website is the property of Pararius B.V. The responsible handling of user information is of great importance to Pararius.
        

            4.1. Saving and processing information
        

            To improve the use of the website, Pararius may save information in a file. Pararius uses this information to keep visitors of the website informed of interesting products and service offers, the products and services of other subsidiaries of Pararius and of the products and services of carefully selected companies. If Pararius wishes to make use of this, it shall always attempt to take preferences into consideration. If the Pararius visitor decides to offer his information through Pararius to a third party, Pararius is responsible in general terms for the manner in which this third party deals with this information.
        

            4.2. Registration of your details
        

            The personal details you enter during registration or pass on to Pararius (name, address, place of residence, nationality, telephone number, e-mail address, make and type of mobile phone) will be entered into the customer administration of Pararius.
        

            By leaving your search criteria on Pararius we will keep you informed of the available properties for rent on the Pararius website. Registering is totally free of any charge.
        

            Pararius will inform connected rental real estate brokers of your details as soon as they list a property that matches the preferences that were left by you. The broker will receive a message from Pararius mentioning the fact that he can contact you through the personal details you entered. The real estate broker is not obliged to contact you.
        

            Pararius will also inform you about the details of the broker by e-mail. Pararius will do this when a property is listed online and can be seen by every internet user. The property that matches your preferences will also be added to the listings on your personal page.
        

            Pararius is responsible for the processing of your personal details. Pararius will use your personal details for the execution of the here above explained correspondence, for maintaining contacts with you, for the purpose of carrying out market research, setting up profiles of our customers and to inform you on new developments within our company and about our (new) products and services, which are within your area of interest.
        

            4.3. Verification
        

            Once every while Pararius will send you a request by e-mail to verify whether your personal page is still active. If you do not respond to this e-mail as stated and within the time mentioned in this e-mail, Pararius will assume that your page is no longer active and will automatically deactivate your personal page.
        

            4.4. Your rights
        

            You can object at any time to the use of your details for direct marketing purposes by means of sending an e-mail to [email protected] Your details, necessary for your registration, are stored as long as you have not made any objection against your registration with Pararius.
        

            4.5. Security
        

            Pararius wishes to secure your details in an as optimum manner as possible against unlawful use. At Pararius only authorised personnel has access to your details. The storage and forwarding of your details via the Internet is secured with the currently usual techniques. On a certain amount of pages of the Pararius website you can click through to other websites. The policies, which are applicable to these websites in regard to the processing and protection of personal details can deviate from the policies of Pararius. Pararius is not responsible for this and cannot be held liable in any manner. You can gain insight into your details, which we collect on you, at any moment in time or, should these be incorrect or not relevant, correct or remove them. You can do this via ‘Profile’ page on your personal page on the website www.pararius.nl or by sending an e-mail stating your name and address to [email protected]


            4.6. Visitor information
        

            The website keeps track of general visitor information, the most frequently requested pages and objects for example. The purpose of this is to improve the website, so that Pararius can continue to improve its service.
        

            4.7. Modifications
        

            Pararius retains the right to modify this Privacy Statement; regular re-reading of the Privacy Statement is advised.
        

            5. Cookie Policy
        

            In offering its electronic services, Pararius uses "cookies". Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer's hard drive so that we are able to recognise you when you return. Cookies are not personally identifiable and thus contain no name or email address. It's just a number that helps to recognise your computer. These cookies are merely used to facilitate your use of the web site and sending you information about our company and our (new) products and services.For example, this site uses the opportunity to provide you with relevant advertising on websites other than this website.You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse receiving it. Be aware that in such event you may no longer be able to use all the possibilities of the site. As each browser is different, we refer to the "Help'' menu of your browser to erase cookies.
        

            6. Unsolicited information
        

            If you place on the website or send to Pararius by e-mail or other means unsolicited ideas and/or materials, including, but not limited to, texts, images, sounds, software or other information ("Materials"), Pararius will have the right to use, copy and/or exploit commercially in the broadest sense these materials, without being charged any fees, and Pararius will not be required to observe any secrecy regarding the Materials in question. You hereby indemnify Pararius from any damages and costs that Pararius may suffer or incur related to claims of third parties that the use and/or exploitation of the Materials is an infringement on (intellectual) (property) rights of third parties or is otherwise unlawful towards a third party.
        

            7. Nullity
        

            If these Conditions are or become partially nullified, parties remain bound to the remaining sections. Parties shall replace the nullified sections with provisions that are valid and for which the legal consequences, in keeping with the content and scope of these Conditions, coincide in as much as possible with that of the nullified section.
        

            8. Other stipulations
        

            Pararius retains the right to adapt or modify the Conditions unilaterally.
        

            The Conditions come under Dutch law. All disputes between Pararius and third parties stemming from the Conditions shall be brought before the competent court in Amsterdam.
        

