
Limerick City and County Council is committed to safeguarding the privacy of www.limerick.ie (“Limerick.ie” or “website”) visitors and service users.
This statement outlines our privacy policy with regard to Limerick.ie as well as subsites of Limerick.ie.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other linked websites.
Any information that you submit via www.limerick.ie will be treated with the highest possible standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003 and GDPR privacy laws.
Please read the following carefully. Entering into this website and providing your consent to our use of your personal data in accordance with the terms of this policy indicates that the user has reviewed this policy and has agreed to be bound by it. 
If you do not agree to these terms you must leave the website immediately.
Limerick.ie is owned and operated by Limerick City and County Council.
In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to “Limerick.ie” or “Limerick City and County Council”.
This policy applies where we are acting as a “data controller” with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use personal data, or if you have any other privacy-related questions, please contact us by any of the following means:
Limerick.ie
Office of Marketing and Communications
Limerick City and County Council
Corporate Headquarters
Merchant’s Quay
Limerick V94 EH90
IrelandPhone: +353 61 557377Email: web.content@limerick.ie
Or if you prefer you can contact our Data Protection Officer at:
Data Protection Officer
Limerick City and County Council
Corporate Headquarters
Merchant’s Quay
Limerick V94 EH90
IrelandEmail: dataprotectionofficer@limerick.iePhone: +353 61 556000
 Personal information that we collect from you - this will depend upon the services you are using:
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Payment card information (for secure processing third party payment services)
Account Password and Login details
Social media account ID
Any itinerary preferences or details to help us suggest items for you
Details of your interactions with our Customer Services
Customer CRM ID and Customer CRM case details
IP Address
Device information
Website / Browsing History, including location data
Cookie information (please see our Cookie Policy for details)
We will not collect any personal information about you on Limerick.ie without your clear permission.
We collect personal information when you:
Register for a My Limerick account
Subscribe to our newsletters
Engage with us via social media
Use our customer services team or contact us for any reason, e.g. reporting a problem, complaints, website issues
Complete an online form on Limerick.ie, e.g. submitting content for publication on Limerick.ie
Pay for a service we provide online
Browse the website - please see the section on cookies for more information
Personal information that we collect from Third Parties
If you link your Google, Facebook or Twitter accounts or any accounts from other third party services to Limerick.ie then we also receive information from those accounts to the extent you’ve agreed to this as part of your settings and that third party’s privacy policy.
Personal information provided on Limerick.ie is used solely for the purposes for which it is provided.
Please see below general categories of personal data that we may collect and process and the purposes for which we may process that data.

Personal information


How we use this personal information         


My Limerick account data "account data" - including your username, email address and/or social media account .


The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases.


“Profile data” - profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, Customer CRM ID, Customer CRM case details.


Profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services.
Profile data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers and keeping records of communications with customers.
Profile data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services.
Profile data may be processed to tailor content to individual tastes.


“Usage data” may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use.


Usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services.
Usage data may be processed for the purposes of showing you advertising on such Social Media platforms as Facebook and Twitter or third party advertising that may appear on other websites you use.
Usage data is collected using cookies (see Cookies section below).


"Publication data” - information that you post for publication on our website


Publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services.


"Transaction data" including purchases of services that you enter into with us and/or through our website including your contact details, your card details and the transaction details.


Transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying purchased services and keeping proper records of those transactions.


"Email notification data" - information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters


Notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters.


"Correspondence data" - information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us such as feedback forms, contact forms or any other forms submitted on Limerick.ie


Correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you, updating our customer relationship data and record-keeping.

 
In order to provide our services to you, we share your data with the following categories of companies:
Payment service providers – online transactions are completed via the Local Government Computer Services Board (LGCSB)/RealEx online payment processing engine to ensure maximum protection for your account information.
Web hosting providers
Service providers such as Facebook, Google and Mailchimp who help deliver our marketing and advertising to you
Social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us)
Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the data that we supply to it.
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party.
If you wish for for personal data held by us to be deleted, please email your request to web.content@limerick.ie.
My Limerick
We’ll hold on to your information for as long as you have a My Limerick account or as long as is needed for us to be able to provide the relevant services to you. You can delete your profile by emailing web.content@limerick.ie. This will delete your online account, if you wish to delete your CRM profile with Limerick City and County Council please email customerservices@limerick.ie or phone +353 61 556000.
Email Marketing
You can unsubscribe from Limerick City and County Council’s e-marketing mailing list at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting web.content@limerick.ie.
Targeted or personalised adverts
If you browse this Website, you may receive personalised advertisements whilst browsing other reputable websites. This service is provided through the use of ‘cookies’ placed on your computer or other device (see further information on the use of cookies in the section below). Cookies can be removed or disabled altogether (see Cookie section below and our Cookie Policy for how to do this).
Limerick City and County Council reserves the right to amend the scope of the privacy statement at any time.
You have many rights over your personal information and how it is used. You have the;
Right to be informed about what we do with your information
Right to access your information
Right to object to, or restrict, Limerick.ie using your information
Right to delete your personal information (unless we have a reason to keep it)
Right to stop direct marketing messages
Right to portability of your information
If you would like to make a request for any of the rights detailed about, please email web.content@limerick.ie
Limerick.ie and the services it provides are targeted at persons over the age of 16.
In using this website, you are confirming that you are 16 years or older
If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated, you can contact web.content@limerick.ie
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others.
The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)      https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)      https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)      http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)      https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)      https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)      https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).

