
Customer Proprietary Network Information (“CPNI”)

                                Another aspect of Cable ONE’s privacy policy relates exclusively to phone information. Federal regulations require that a
                                company providing voice services inform its customers regarding specific protections it establishes
                                for information about the quantity, technical configuration, type, destination, location,
                                and amount of a service used by customers as well as other information contained in the phone
                                bill pertaining to the service received by the customer such as charges and account number.
                                This information when associated with a particular customer is known as “Customer Proprietary
                                Network Information” or “CPNI”. It does not include names, addresses and telephone numbers
                                (unless unlisted) because such information is generally publicly available. In addition,
                                it does not include aggregate information of many customers so long as it does not identify
                                any particular customer.
                            

                                In order to protect the confidentiality of your CPNI, we have instituted the following procedures. We follow security practices
                                that are standard in the industry. We have in place technical responses to resist brute force
                                attacks on our servers as well as other outside attacks on the security of our data. We have
                                taken steps to secure the physical location of our data from all outsiders as well as non-authorized
                                individuals within Cable ONE. Policies in place impose restrictions on the use and disclosure
                                of customer information, and training is in place to disseminate these policies and refresh
                                them. Of course, no amount of prudent and careful security measures can completely guarantee
                                that every unauthorized attempt to access CPNI will be driven back.
                            

                                To add another layer of protection, we will not disclose your CPNI to anyone outside of Cable ONE without your consent. This
                                includes company affiliates, unless you are also a customer of that affiliate. If we receive
                                a call from someone purporting to be you, we will not release your CPNI over the phone but
                                will require the caller to make the request in person at a local Cable ONE office in order
                                to confirm identity. If you are a Cable ONE Internet customer, you may access your CPNI online
                                with a user ID and password. If you call to discuss your own CPNI, we will review it with
                                you but we will not discuss any of your protected information that you do not reveal to us.
                            

                                We may use or disclose your CPNI without your permission for limited reasons such as to provide necessary services and support
                                such as maintenance and billing for the phone service you currently have as well as market
                                new or additional adjunct offerings for the phone service you currently have such as call
                                blocking and caller ID. We may also disclose your CPNI in response to a proper legal demand
                                for the information and to protect Cable ONE, its customers or other parties against fraudulent,
                                abusive or unlawful use of its services.
                            

                                While the rules regarding CPNI prohibit the use of CPNI in marketing campaigns without your consent, we have elected not
                                to use CPNI for marketing. Should that decision change, we will notify you and provide you
                                with the opportunity to grant or deny consent to our use of your CPNI in our marketing campaigns.
                            

