
About Third Party AdvertisingWe may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you use our Services. If so, a list of these ad serving companies will be available here. These companies may use information (generally, not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to our sites or use of our Services and to other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may employ cookies and clear GIFs to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and clear GIFs is generally not personally identifiable (unless, for example, you provide personally identifiable information to them through an ad or e-mail message). We encourage you to read these businesses' privacy policies if you should have any concerns about how they will care for your personal information. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer website.Google Doubleclick for Publishers (DFP) is an ad network partner that displays ads on our Services. To improve your ad experience on our sites and Services and elsewhere on the Internet, we may send non-personal information to Google DFP based on your browser's activities, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interests, so that the advertising you see is relevant to you. Google DFP also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Click here to learn more about Google DFP's ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you.Opt-Out of CookiesIf you wish to manage or opt-out of cookies utilized by our site and third party advertisers, you can take the following steps:You may be able to download an opt-out cookie from the third party advertiser's website allowing you to opt-out of cookies. Please visit the third party advertiser's websites for more information.Your web browser may allow you to manage what cookies are accepted or declined. These settings can usually be found in the preferences or options menus of your web browser.Your web browser may also allow you to manually view cookies and delete the cookies you don't want or need. Check your web browser's settings for more information.Websites that require registration may allow you to opt-out of cookies. Check the account settings or preferences section of the website for more information.For more information, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
