Privacy Policy
The Football Medicine & Performance Association  (“FMPA”) of 6A Cromwell Terrace, Gisburn Road, Barrowford, Lancashire, BB9 8PT are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our members.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, via our website www.fmpa.co.uk will be processed by us.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 the data controller is League Medical Ltd at the above address.  We are registered in accordance with the act under registration number Z286323X.
We may collect and process information members provide when they apply for membership however the FMPA will never store any bank details, credit or debit card details.  Please note that our monthly subscription services are provided by SAGE pay who have their own privacy policy which can be viewed here www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy, PayPal which can be viewed here https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full and Eazycollect https://www.eazycollect.co.uk/privacy-policy
We may use your information for professional purposes for example job opportunities and to confirm your eligibility for membership.  We will not share these details with third party companies.  However, the FMPA may contact third parties within professional football in order to request information which may enable us to verify any information that you have provided to us.  We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the FMPA, our members or others.  The FMPA will not give out your personal details or email without your prior permission for any other reason.
Should you complete any other forms or surveys via the FMPA website you allow the FMPA to collect and process this information or if you contact us, we may also keep a record of that correspondence.
The FMPA will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
The FMPA uses an email server provider for delivery of multiple emails.  We will provide information on how you can unsubscribe from further these email communications at the bottom of every email that we send you.
If the FMPA intend to use your information for marketing purposes then we will inform you via email prior to collection.
The FMPA website contains links to other websites.  If you follow any of these links then the FMPA does not accept responsibility for your data.  Please check individual website privacy policies.
Should you require a copy of the information we hold about you in line with the Data Protection Act 1988, then your request is subject to a fee of £10.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
