
DAILYFX respects each individual's right to privacy. We value our relationship with you, and we take pride in maintaining loyalty and respect with each individual client by providing you with security. The provisions of this notice apply to former clients, current clients, and applicants.
Personal Information
When you utilize the DAILYFX website, apply for or maintain a live account, or subscription with DAILYFX, we collect personal information about you for business purposes, which may not be limited to the following: evaluating your financial needs, processing your requests and transactions, informing you about products and services that may be of interest to you, and providing customer service. Such information may include:

Personal: Information you provide to us on applications and other forms, such as your name, email address, street address, and phone number.
Cookies: Cookies are small files containing information that a Web site uses to track its visitors.
IP Address: When your web browser or email application requests a web page or email from another computer on the Internet, it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information. This is called your computer's IP address. IP stands for "Internet protocol.
Tracking Pixels: Webpages and HTML emails may contain a small snippet of code called a Tracking Pixel to transfer or collect information through a graphic image request to support site usage analytics, advertising auditing and reporting, and content and advertising personalization.

Cookies
DAILYFX may set and access DAILYFX cookies on your computer, either for the duration of your visit (“session cookie”) or for repeat visits (“persistent cookie”), enabling us to learn which advertisements and promotions bring users to our Web site. DAILYFX or any of its divisions may use cookies in connection with DAILYFX's products and services to track your activities on our Web sites.
Tracking Pixels
DAILYFX may collect information through Tracking Pixels about your web browsing activities such as the address of the page you are visiting, the address of the referrer page you previously visited, the time you are viewing the page, your browsing environment and your display settings. We may use the information we collect through Tracking Pixels to understand traffic patterns and the number of visitors to the branded our network of internal and partner websites.
Security Technology
DAILYFX uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology in order to protect certain information that you submit. This type of technology protects you from having your information intercepted by anyone other than DAILYFX while it is being transmitted to us. We work hard to ensure that our Web sites are secure and that they meet industry standards. We also use other safeguards such as firewalls, authentication systems (e.g., passwords and personal identification numbers), and access control mechanisms to control unauthorized access to systems and data.
Opt Out
You are not required to supply any of the personal information that we may request; however, failure to do so may result in our being unable to open or maintain your account or to provide services to you. While we make every effort to ensure that all information we hold about you is accurate, complete, and up to date, you can help us considerably in this regard by promptly notifying us if there are any changes to your personal information.
If you do not wish to have your personal information disclosed to our affiliates or other third parties as described in this Policy, please contact us via e-mail at: compliance@fxcm.com
or send your request to: 
DailyFX FXCM 
Attention: Privacy Officer 
55 Water St., 50th Floor 
New York, NY 10041

Please be advised, that if we receive such instruction we will not be able to service your account and must close any open accounts or subscriptions you may have.

