
The BMA may at its discretion make available from time to time on its website, or by way of device apps, social tools to allow users of the website or members of the BMA to communicate, including networking or posting their own content.
All members of the BMA and registered users of the website may use these social tools when logged in to the website. 
Your profile name will be set as default to the name that you used when joining the BMA or signing up for the BMA website. You may be able to change the name displayed or add other information to your profile, including an image, if you want to. Instructions will be provided with each tool, but these will not change your BMA contact details. 
If you use such services, you understand that (unless otherwise specified) any content you post, including personal data, may be available to other members of the website or BMA, or may be published publicly. You agree to comply with the BMA’s Acceptable Use Policy.
Remember your posts may be read by others: please act in a professional and courteous manner at all times. You are responsible for any content you post. If you have any concerns about something you have posted, you are able to edit or delete your User Content at your discretion. 
Your profile is available to other users, together with any posts that you have liked or posts that you have made. Recent public posts and activity may also be displayed on the BMA website to non-members.
Your posts can be made in public groups or closed groups. Posts in public groups are available to all users of BMA connecting doctors and recent posts are displayed to non-members on the home page. Posts in closed groups are only available to members of the closed group. 
We are not obliged to monitor or moderate User Content to our social tools, but we may do so. We may (but are not obliged to) access, preserve, and disclose any content posted by you in order to: comply with any legal process; enforce these terms; respond to any disputes; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the BMA or others.

