
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:


Where we need to perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Where it is for our legitimate activities as a trade union and professional body, for instance when you contact the BMA for advice on an employment issue or take part in any of our trade union activities.
    

Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
 
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of the ways we use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. 
Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.



Purpose / Activity
Legal basis for processing



Membership administration such as:


(a) Performance of a contract with you
            
            (b) In our legitimate interests
            
            (c) In the course of our legitimate activities as trade union and professional body
            



Trade union activities such as ballots, elections and campaigns to comply with our legal obligations

(a) To comply with our legal obligations
            
            (b) In our legitimate interests
            
            (c) In the course of our legitimate activities as trade union and professional body
            



Equality monitoring

Consent
            
            For further information about this please see paragraph 2
            



Sharing your personal data within the BMA
Some of your personal data will be available to BMA's staff, committee members and elected officials and others formally instructed by BMA for the purposes of carrying out our legitimate activities as a trade union and professional body.


Collective and individual member representation

(a) In our legitimate interests
            
            (b) In the course of our legitimate activities as trade union and professional body
            



Employment advice, support and representation

(a) Performance of a contract with you
            
            (b) In our legitimate interests
            
            (c) In the course of our legitimate activities as trade union and professional body
            



Where we refer a member's case to external lawyers 

(a) In our legitimate interests
            
            (b) For the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
            




Provision of member benefits (via our business partners) such as independent financial advice, insurance, legal and tax advice and learning and development.
            Verification of member's name, BMA ID and GMC number
            


(a) Performance of a contract with you
            
            (b) In our legitimate interests
            
            (c) In the course of our legitimate activities as trade union and professional body
            



To provide you with information and services that you request from us

(a) It is in our legitimate interests and 
(b) in the course of our legitimate activities - to respond to your queries and provide any information requested in order to generate and develop business. To ensure we offer a good and responsive service, we consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.



To send you alerts, newsletters, bulletins, announcements, and other communications concerning the BMA or which we believe may be of interest to you

(a) It is in our legitimate interests and 
(b) in the course of our legitimate activities to market our services. We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
            You can always opt-out of receiving direct marketing-related email communications or text messages by following the unsubscribe link.
            



To invite you to events, conferences or other functions we believe may be of interest to you.

(a) It is in our legitimate interests and 
(b) in the course of our legitimate activities to market our services. We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you. You can always opt-out of receiving direct marketing-related email communications or text messages by following the unsubscribe link.




To manage our relationship with you which will include:
            
            (a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
            
            (b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey or participate in market research
            


(a) Performance of a contract with you
            
            (b) To comply with a legal obligation
            
            (c) It is in our legitimate interests and 
(d) in the course of our legitimate activities (to keep our records updated and to study how members use our products / services)
            



To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)  

(a) It is in our legitimate interests and 
(b) in the course of our legitimate activities (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
            
            (c) To comply with a legal obligation
            



To deliver relevant website content including social tools (such as BMA connecting doctors) and measure or understand the effectiveness of the work we do

(a) It is in our legitimate interests and 
(b) in the course of our legitimate activities (to study how members use our products / services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)



To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, member relationships and experiences

(a) It is in our legitimate interests and 
(b) in the course of our legitimate activities (to define types of members for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)



To make suggestions and recommendations to you about products or services that may be of interest to you

(a) It is in our legitimate interests and 
(b) in the course of our legitimate activities (to develop our products / services and grow our business)




 
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. 
 
Promotional offers from us 
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing). 
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased products or services from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
 
Third-party marketing 
We will not share your data outside the BMA group of companies for marketing purposes without your consent. 
 
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time. 
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of you becoming a member, a product / service purchase, product / service experience or other transactions.
 
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.
 
Change of purpose 
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us. 
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
 

