IndiaMART Privacy Policy
IndiaMART InterMESH Ltd. {hereinafter referred to as "IIL"} is committed to safeguarding its users' privacy. We request all our users to read the following 'privacy policy' to understand how their personal & business information will be treated, as they make full use of our services to their benefit. This policy is applicable only to the entire network of marketplaces operated by IIL and not by any other company.
Collection of Information

IIL collects information from its users when they register to gain access to our services or at other specific instances when they are requested to provide us with their personal & business information. During registration, we ask the users for their name, email address, business information and other personal details. Once a user registers, he/she is no longer anonymous to IndiaMART and it is deemed that the user has given IIL the right to publish the desired business & personal details throughout its marketplaces, including but not limited to, business directory, trade leads, catalogs etc.

When you are on our network and are asked for personal information, you are sharing the information with IIL alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise. Promotions that run on our network may be sponsored by companies other than IIL or may be co-sponsored by IIL and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor. However, you can decide not to participate in the promotion if you don't want your data to be shared.

We also gather usage statistics such as pages viewed, number of unique visitors, browser software, screen resolution etc. for analysis that helps us provide you improved user experience and services.
Use of Personal & Business Information

IndiaMART's primary goal in collecting personal or public information is to provide the user with a customized experience on our network of sites. This includes personalized services, interactive communication and other services, most of which are completely free and remaining are paid. Business information is used to display the user's business listing or product offerings across our network to fetch maximum business opportunities for the user.

In order to provide free services, IIL displays advertisements based upon the site usage statistics and visitor trends. IIL uses user's personal & business information to serve targeted advertisements through its websites, newsletters and customized mailers. In addition to it, once the user's personal and business information is displayed on our network, the user may start receiving business enquiries through email, phone calls or SMS notifications, from various buyers and sellers that might or might not be of their interest. IIL does not exercise any control over its users for sending business enquiries to the listed members. 

We record buying and browsing activities of our users including but not limited to their client's contact details and profiles and uses the same to provide value-added services to our users.

Sharing of Information

As a general rule, IIL will not disclose or share any of the user's personally identifiable information except when IIL has the user's permission or under special circumstances, such as when IIL believes in good faith that the law requires it or as permitted in terms of this policy.

IIL does not display user email addresses on marketplace to avoid extraction by email extractors.

IIL may also disclose account information in special cases when IIL has reasons to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating IIL's Terms of Services or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) IIL's rights or property, other IIL network website users, or if IIL deems it necessary to maintain, service, and improve its products and services. Personal information collected may be transferred and shared in the event of a sale.
Distribution of Information

IIL may, from time to time, send its users emails regarding its products and services. IIL constantly tries and improves the marketplace tools for better efficiency, more relevancy, innovative business matchmaking and better personal preferences. IIL has many match making tools on the marketplace to be used by its users for making relevant business contacts with each other.  IIL may allow direct mails using its own scripts (without disclosing the email address) with respect/pertaining to the products and services of third parties that it feels may be of interest to the user or if the user has shown interest in your company for business requirement by way of our paid buyers-sellers contact services. All users shall be able to control the information sharing through their administration panel available at 
Updation of Information

A user may edit his/her account information and profile by logging onto our website and/or by sending a request to useradmin@indiamart.com. The requested changes may take upto 30 days to appear online because of verification process and server cache policies.

A user account can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so will result in the user not being able to access any members-only area of the network. Residual information will remain within our archive records.

Protection of information

As with all information, IIL do not sell any data in bulk to third party that can be misused for telemarketing or bulk mailing or any other wrong purposes. In addition, IIL does not sell any user's personal information or business information until and unless it is permitted by the user. Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective advertisers or partners regarding product or service usage on IIL network is provided in an aggregate form only and does not include any personally identifiable information about any individual user. Users may log in to 
We request our users to sign out of their IIL account and close their browser window when they have finished their work. This is to ensure that others cannot access their personal or business information and correspondence, if the user shares the computer with someone else or is using a computer in a public place. 

IIL takes necessary steps, within its limits of commercial viability and necessity, to ensure that the user's information is treated securely.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while IIL strives to protect the user's personal & business information, it cannot ensure the security of any information transmitted to IIL and you do so at your own risk. Once IIL receives your transmission, it makes best efforts to ensure its security in its systems. Please keep in mind that whenever you post personal & business information online, that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties.


Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. 
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet. 
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.


Changes in Privacy Policy
The policy may change from time to time so please check periodically.
Disclaimer In Respect Of Pharmaceutical Products Available On www.indiamart.com
Indiamart.com is a platform that does not facilitates the purchase of pharmaceutical products, in fact, it only advertise and/or showcase the pharmaceutical products posted by the Suppliers listed on the website – 

 FOR APP USERS

By downloading or using the IndiaMART Mobile app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the mobile app. We are offering you this mobile app to use for your own personal use without cost. You can share the app with anyone via given option in the app or play store link but you’re not allowed to copy, or modify the mobile app, any part of the mobile app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the mobile app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the mobile app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The mobile app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to IndiaMART InterMesh Limited.

At the bottom of these terms and conditions you will be able to find links to our website where we set out our Privacy Policy and the general Terms and Conditions, which will be relevant if you use the mobile app and applicable on you.

IndiaMART is committed to ensuring that the mobile app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the mobile app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the mobile app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The IndiaMART mobile app stores and processes the personal data that you have provided to us so that we can serve your need better. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the mobile app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the IndiaMART mobile app won’t work properly or at all.

IndiaMART  may obtain the following types of information from or concerning you or your mobile phone device, which may include information that can be used to identify you as specified below ("Personally Identifying Information") :

You need to provide certain Personally Identifiable Information, such as your mobile phone number, email and mobile device information to IndiaMART when choosing to participate in various uses of the IndiaMART services, such as registering as a user. IndiaMART App will sometimes access your address book or contact list from your mobile phone to save IndiaMART supplier’s contact details in your device. IndiaMART may also access your location information to provide search results based on your geo location. Location data gathered from a mobile phone is used only to provide search results and is not used in any other manner whatsoever. This information may be compiled and analysed on an individual or aggregated basis depending on the nature of the internal research for the intended service to the users of the App.

This information may include the products and screens you have viewed on the App and to send you offers and other communications based on the interests expressed by you previously on IndiaMART App.

You should be aware that there are certain things that IndiaMART will not take responsibility for, like the ability to download and store the app on your mobile. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but IndiaMART cannot take responsibility for the mobile app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the mobile app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the mobile app, or other third party charges. In using the mobile app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the mobile app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the mobile app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the mobile app.

When you’re using the mobile host function of the mobile app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavor to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you.

The mobile app is currently available on Android, and iOS – the requirements for both systems (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates, as and when provided, if you want to keep using the mobile app. IndiaMART does not promise that it will always update the mobile app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the iOS/Android version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the mobile app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the mobile app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.




IndiaMART InterMESH Ltd. {hereinafter referred to as "IIL"} is committed to safeguarding its users' privacy. We request all our users to read the following 'privacy policy' to understand how their personal & business information will be treated, as they make full use of our services to their benefit. This policy is applicable only to the entire network of marketplaces operated by IIL and not by any other company.IIL collects information from its users when they register to gain access to our services or at other specific instances when they are requested to provide us with their personal & business information. During registration, we ask the users for their name, email address, business information and other personal details. Once a user registers, he/she is no longer anonymous to IndiaMART and it is deemed that the user has given IIL the right to publish the desired business & personal details throughout its marketplaces, including but not limited to, business directory, trade leads, catalogs etc.When you are on our network and are asked for personal information, you are sharing the information with IIL alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise. Promotions that run on our network may be sponsored by companies other than IIL or may be co-sponsored by IIL and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor. However, you can decide not to participate in the promotion if you don't want your data to be shared.We also gather usage statistics such as pages viewed, number of unique visitors, browser software, screen resolution etc. for analysis that helps us provide you improved user experience and services.IndiaMART's primary goal in collecting personal or public information is to provide the user with a customized experience on our network of sites. This includes personalized services, interactive communication and other services, most of which are completely free and remaining are paid. Business information is used to display the user's business listing or product offerings across our network to fetch maximum business opportunities for the user.In order to provide free services, IIL displays advertisements based upon the site usage statistics and visitor trends. IIL uses user's personal & business information to serve targeted advertisements through its websites, newsletters and customized mailers. In addition to it, once the user's personal and business information is displayed on our network, the user may start receiving business enquiries through email, phone calls or SMS notifications, from various buyers and sellers that might or might not be of their interest. IIL does not exercise any control over its users for sending business enquiries to the listed members.We record buying and browsing activities of our users including but not limited to their client's contact details and profiles and uses the same to provide value-added services to our users.As a general rule, IIL will not disclose or share any of the user's personally identifiable information except when IIL has the user's permission or under special circumstances, such as when IIL believes in good faith that the law requires it or as permitted in terms of this policy.IIL does not display user email addresses on marketplace to avoid extraction by email extractors.IIL may also disclose account information in special cases when IIL has reasons to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating IIL's Terms of Services or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) IIL's rights or property, other IIL network website users, or if IIL deems it necessary to maintain, service, and improve its products and services. Personal information collected may be transferred and shared in the event of a sale.IIL may, from time to time, send its users emails regarding its products and services. IIL constantly tries and improves the marketplace tools for better efficiency, more relevancy, innovative business matchmaking and better personal preferences. IIL has many match making tools on the marketplace to be used by its users for making relevant business contacts with each other. IIL may allow direct mails using its own scripts (without disclosing the email address) with respect/pertaining to the products and services of third parties that it feels may be of interest to the user or if the user has shown interest in your company for business requirement by way of our paid buyers-sellers contact services. All users shall be able to control the information sharing through their administration panel available at https://seller.indiamart.com/ . Only IIL, its registered members or its agents working under confidentiality agreements will send these direct mailers. Relevancy of the contacts made between users would depend upon the information sought & given by various users.A user may edit his/her account information and profile by logging onto our website and/or by sending a request to useradmin@indiamart.com. The requested changes may take upto 30 days to appear online because of verification process and server cache policies.A user account can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so will result in the user not being able to access any members-only area of the network. Residual information will remain within our archive records.As with all information, IIL do not sell any data in bulk to third party that can be misused for telemarketing or bulk mailing or any other wrong purposes. In addition, IIL does not sell any user's personal information or business information until and unless it is permitted by the user. Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective advertisers or partners regarding product or service usage on IIL network is provided in an aggregate form only and does not include any personally identifiable information about any individual user. Users may log in to https://seller.indiamart.com/ to check current status of their contact sharing permissions.We request our users to sign out of their IIL account and close their browser window when they have finished their work. This is to ensure that others cannot access their personal or business information and correspondence, if the user shares the computer with someone else or is using a computer in a public place.IIL takes necessary steps, within its limits of commercial viability and necessity, to ensure that the user's information is treated securely.Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while IIL strives to protect the user's personal & business information, it cannot ensure the security of any information transmitted to IIL and you do so at your own risk. Once IIL receives your transmission, it makes best efforts to ensure its security in its systems. Please keep in mind that whenever you post personal & business information online, that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties.The policy may change from time to time so please check periodically.Indiamart.com is a platform that does not facilitates the purchase of pharmaceutical products, in fact, it only advertise and/or showcase the pharmaceutical products posted by the Suppliers listed on the website –  www.indiamart.com . The Buyers and Suppliers assure IndiaMART and hereby agree to abide by and be compliant of all the related laws, rules, regulations, notifications or orders issued by the Government of India or any of its Agencies from time to time. IndiaMART shall not be responsible for any information/content related to the Medicine(s) and/or Drugs, posted/provided/displayed by the listed Suppliers on our website –  www.indiamart.com , as we are only a medium of advertisement for the Buyers and Suppliers. Suppliers of the Medicines and/or Drugs hereby undertake that they shall solely be responsible and shall bear all the liabilities in respect of selling prescriptive Medicines and/or Drugs mentioned in the Schedules of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, without the Certified Practitioner’s Prescription. In the event of breach of such condition, IndiaMART shall not be liable and responsible in any manner whatsoever, as IndiaMART does not take part in the actual transaction that takes place between the Buyers and Suppliers. User(s) of the website – www.indiamart.com undertake and agree to INDEMNIFY and hold harmless IndiaMART or any of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees or representatives from and against any/all losses, liabilities, damages, claims, costs and expenses (including attorney’s fees and expenses, any third party claims), which IndiaMART may incur or suffer as a result of or in connection with any illegal sales of drugs and/or medicines. In compliance with Drug and Cosmetic Act and Rules, we don't display or list the Medicines and/or Drugs mentioned in the Schedule X of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940. IndiaMART does not offer any guarantees or warranties on the medicinal products or services displayed or listed on our website – www.indiamart.com  and is not liable for any transaction between the Buyers & Suppliers as such, including the sale of any medicine(s) restricted and/or banned for sale by the Governmental or any other Regulatory Authorities.By downloading or using the IndiaMART Mobile app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the mobile app. We are offering you this mobile app to use for your own personal use without cost. You can share the app with anyone via given option in the app or play store link but you’re not allowed to copy, or modify the mobile app, any part of the mobile app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the mobile app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the mobile app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The mobile app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to IndiaMART InterMesh Limited.At the bottom of these terms and conditions you will be able to find links to our website where we set out our Privacy Policy and the general Terms and Conditions, which will be relevant if you use the mobile app and applicable on you.IndiaMART is committed to ensuring that the mobile app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the mobile app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the mobile app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.The IndiaMART mobile app stores and processes the personal data that you have provided to us so that we can serve your need better. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the mobile app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the IndiaMART mobile app won’t work properly or at all.IndiaMART may obtain the following types of information from or concerning you or your mobile phone device, which may include information that can be used to identify you as specified below ("Personally Identifying Information") :You need to provide certain Personally Identifiable Information, such as your mobile phone number, email and mobile device information to IndiaMART when choosing to participate in various uses of the IndiaMART services, such as registering as a user. IndiaMART App will sometimes access your address book or contact list from your mobile phone to save IndiaMART supplier’s contact details in your device. IndiaMART may also access your location information to provide search results based on your geo location. Location data gathered from a mobile phone is used only to provide search results and is not used in any other manner whatsoever. This information may be compiled and analysed on an individual or aggregated basis depending on the nature of the internal research for the intended service to the users of the App.This information may include the products and screens you have viewed on the App and to send you offers and other communications based on the interests expressed by you previously on IndiaMART App.You should be aware that there are certain things that IndiaMART will not take responsibility for, like the ability to download and store the app on your mobile. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but IndiaMART cannot take responsibility for the mobile app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.If you’re using the mobile app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the mobile app, or other third party charges. In using the mobile app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the mobile app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the mobile app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the mobile app.When you’re using the mobile host function of the mobile app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavor to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you.The mobile app is currently available on Android, and iOS – the requirements for both systems (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates, as and when provided, if you want to keep using the mobile app. IndiaMART does not promise that it will always update the mobile app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the iOS/Android version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the mobile app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the mobile app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.