


Last updated:  March 11, 2014
Terms and Conditions of Service
Welcome to PersonalityPage.com, a Web
site created and maintained by BSM Consulting, Inc, of Golden, Colorado, USA.
By visiting and/or using www.PersonalityPage.com (including the home page and any
or all pages on PersonalityPage.com, hereafter called the “Web site”),
you accept and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions. Please
read this document carefully. If you have any questions regarding the Terms of
Service, please
Contact
BSM Consulting
You agree that your use of this Web
site is subject to the following Terms and Conditions. 
These Terms and Conditions may be
modified at any time, from time to time; the date of the last update will
appear at the beginning of this page.
Continued access by you of the Web site constitutes your agreement with these
Terms and Conditions.  If you do not
agree with the Terms and Conditions, please do not use the Web site.
You represent and warrant to BSM
Consulting that you have the authority and all necessary rights to register
with BSM Consulting in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of Service. If
you are under 18, you may use the Web site only with permission and involvement
of a parent or guardian. BSM Consulting reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or remove or edit any
content or service provided on the Web site.
Disclaimer of Warranty

The materials available on the Web
site are provided by BSM Consulting to you as a
service to you for your noncommercial, personal use on an “as is”
basis and may be used by you for informational purposes only. 
You acknowledge that you are using the Web
site at your own risk. BSM
Consulting makes no, and expressly disclaims any and all, representations or
warranties, express or implied, regarding the Web site, including without
limitation the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of text, graphics, links,
products and services, and other items accessed from or via the Web site, or
that the Web site will be uninterrupted, error-free, or free of viruses or
other harmful components. No advice or information given by the Web site or any
other party on the Web site shall create any warranty or liability.
BSM Consulting does not warrant or
make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the
materials at the Web site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness,
reliability, or otherwise. Under no circumstances shall BSM Consulting or any
of its affiliates, partners, employees, or agents be held liable for any
damages, whether direct, incidental, indirect, special, or consequential, and
including, without limitation, lost revenues or lost profits, arising from or
in connection with your use, reliance on, or performance of the information on
the Web site. 

BSM Consulting periodically schedules
system downtime for maintenance and other purposes. Unplanned outages also may
occur. BSM Consulting shall have no liability for the resulting unavailability
of the Web site or for any loss of data or transactions caused by planned or
unplanned system outages, or any outages of webhost
providers or the Internet infrastructure and network external to the Web site.
Copyright
All materials published on the Web
site are protected by copyright laws, and may not be reproduced, republished,
distributed, transmitted, resold, displayed, broadcast, or otherwise exploited
in any manner without the express written permission of either BSM Consulting
or the entity that is credited as the copyright holder of such licensed
content. You may download freely accessible material (one copy per page) from this
Web site for your personal and noncommercial use only, without removing or
altering the author’s name, and without removing or altering any
trademark, copyright, or other notice from such material.
You expressly may not use, copy,
reproduce, or link to any material on the Web site that costs a fee to access,
including, but not limited to, The Personality Questionnaire© and the Relationship
Profiles.  Furthermore, you may not
use, copy, reproduce, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer,
distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, upload to, creative derivative
works from, transmit, link to and/or frame, sell, license or in any way exploit
any part of the Web site, except that you may make one print copy of freely
accessible material for your own personal, noncommercial use, provided that you
do not remove the author’s name or modify any trademark, copyright or
other notice from such material. 
 BSM Consulting reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to charge fees for existing
and new services, and to change existing fee amounts at any time without
reservation, limitation or prior notice.
Any and all persons agreeing to pay the
published fee for a service enter a legal, binding contract to pay the amount
published for the service on their date of purchase.
In the event of technical or unforeseen problems
that prevent a customer’s successful receipt of a purchased service, all
reasonable efforts will be made by BSM Consulting to provide the purchased
service.  For your part, you agree
to make all reasonable efforts to solve any technical or unforeseen problems
preventing the successful receipt of your purchased service.
BSM Consulting makes no guarantee of
satisfaction with the outcome of a purchased service.
Requests for refund will be considered
only if a customer did not receive a service that they purchased, and all
efforts to supply and receive the service have been exhausted by you and by BSM
Consulting.  Receipt of The Personality Questionnaire product is complete when a password has been used to score the questionnaire.  After the questionnaire is scored, no refund will be issued for that questionnaire.
Passwords

You agree that you are responsible for choosing your own password, and
that you are responsible for keeping your password safe from others.  BSM
Consulting assumes no responsibility for lost or stolen passwords.  In the case of shared, multiple-use passwords, You, the purchaser, are responsible for policing the
use of your password. BSM Consulting assumes no responsiblity for the misuse 
or misappropriation of passwords.
Jurisdiction
You agree that any claim, action, or
proceeding arising out of these Terms and Conditions, or your use of the Web
site, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Colorado,
applicable to contracts to be wholly performed therein, and any action based on
or alleging a breach of this Agreement must be brought in a state or federal
court in Colorado. In addition, you agree to submit to the personal
jurisdiction of such courts.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the
Web site only and does not cover information collected on any third-party sites
to which this Web site links. This privacy policy is part of, and must be read
in conjunction with, the Web site's Terms and Conditions.
If you do not agree with the Terms and
Conditions in their entirety, please do not use this Web site. 
Web Site Users 
With your consent, BSM Consulting may collect personally
identifying information such as a name, postal address, E-mail address, password,
telephone number, and credit card information.
All personally identifying information
is collected with your specific consent for the purpose of processing your credit
card transaction.  We store your
e-mail address and password on BSM Consulting’s
servers for the purpose of tracking transaction success and failure.
We store no other personally identifying
information on our servers.  Credit
card transactions occur on a secure third-party site. Information submitted for
credit card processing is encrypted and is transacted over secure links. No
credit card information is stored on BSM Consulting’s
servers.  BSM Consulting shall not
at any time share personally identifying information that you provide to us with
any person or organization except for the third-party credit card transaction
company. You agree that BSM
Consulting has no responsibility or liability for the third-party credit card
company’s policies or lapses in security.
BSM Consulting allows you to
volunteer demographic information about yourself upon completion of the Personality
Questionnaire.  All such information
is stored anonymously on BSM Consulting’s
servers without personally identifying information.
BSM Consulting reserves the right to use
this anonymous data about users in order to develop statistics for research
purposes. 
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act 
No one under the age of 13 should
provide any personal information. In general, BSM Consulting does not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If in
limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under the age of 13, we will do so only with verified
parental consent prior to collection.

Contact us 
     



Copyright 1998-2015 BSM Consulting, Inc.   
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy


