
Affiliate marketing is a web-based distribution system, which allows commercial operators of websites, merchants or advertisers, to place advertisements, which are mostly compensated per click or sales commission, on third party websites (partners), which are also called affiliates or publishers. The merchant provides advertising media over an affiliate network such as a banner advertisement or a suitable media for Internet advertisement, which is subsequently linked and advertised by an affiliate on their own websites or other such channel, such as social media or email marketing.
The respective affiliate network places a cookie on your computer ("affiliate cookie"). The definition of cookies has been provided above. The affiliate cookie does not save any personal data. Only the identification number of the affiliate is saved, that is, the partner who is referring a potential customer, as well as a reference number for the website visitor and the advertising media clicked. This data is stored for the purpose of processing commission payments between a merchant and the affiliate, which is processed via the affiliate network.
You can prevent the setting of cookies by our websites, as described above, at any time via the settings for your Internet browser and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. This Internet browser setting will also prevent an affiliate network from setting a cookie on your computer. Moreover, cookies can be deleted from an affiliate network via your Internet browser or another software programs at any time.
c) Hotjar
MAGIX utilizes the software "Hotjar" (Hotjar Ltd, Level 2 St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street St Julians STJ 1000, Malta, EU) for user experience optimization of our websites. Hotjar enables us to assess user behavior (e.g. mouse movement, clicks, scrolling) on our website. For this purpose, Hotjar uses cookies on the system of website visitors and can collection technical information (e.g. browser information, operating system, duration of visit, etc.). More information on the Hotjar privacy policy and opt-out options can be found here: https://www.hotjar.com/privacy.
d) Dynamic Yield
Our website uses Dynamic Yield, a service provided by Dynamic Yield Ltd., Highlands House, Basingstoke Road, Spencers Wood, Reading, Berkshire, England RG7 1NT (https://www.dynamicyield.com).
Using the Dynamic Yield tool, we carry out measures for personalization and optimization in our web offers. This enables us to prepare your website visit with relevant recommendations and personal content in such a way that the interests of the visitor are optimally fulfilled. To this end, we use information about the page content you have previously visited and offers you have availed of in order to recommend thematically-related products or other content that may be relevant to you.
Dynamic Yield only collects pseudonymized information about usage activities on our website. Cookies are used to store only pseudonymized information under a randomly generated ID. MAGIX does not share any further personal data with Dynamic Yield. Direct personal reference is therefore not possible and cannot be established subsequently.
You have the possibility to prevent recording by Dynamic Yield by clicking on the following link and clicking on the button "Opt Out". This sets an opt-out cookie in order to prevent the future collection of data from your visits to this website: https://www.dynamicyield.com/platform-privacy-policy/
e) Adobe Media Optimizer (Adlens)
Our website uses Adobe Media Optimizer, a service of Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, 4-6 Riverwalk, City West Business Campus, Dublin 24, Ireland.
Among other functions, Adobe Media Optimizer uses cookies that are stored on your computer to control and optimize our advertising campaigns.
The definition of cookies has been provided above. A conversion cookie loses its validity after thirty days and is not used to identify the person concerned. If the cookie has not yet expired, the conversion cookie is used to determine whether certain subpages, such as the shopping basket of an online shop system, have been accessed on our website. The conversion cookie enables both us and Adobe to track whether a person who has placed an ad on our website has generated revenue, that is, whether they have completed or canceled a purchase of goods.
During use, your browser is assigned a pseudonymous identification number (ID) with which data, such as in particular the IP address and activities of users, can be transmitted to and stored on a server of Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited. Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited may disclose personal data collected through the technical process to third parties.
The person concerned can prevent the saving of cookies through our website at any time, as already described above, by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. This Internet browser setting will also prevent Adobe from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, cookies that have already been set by Adobe can be deleted at any time via your Internet browser or another software program.
An opt-out option is available at the following link: https://www.adobe.com/de/privacy/opt-out.html (Opt Out)
For more information about privacy when using Adobe Media Optimizer, visit: http://www.adobe.com/de/privacy.html
f) Bing Ads
MAGIX has integrated Bing Ads into this website. Bing Ads is an Internet advertising service that allows advertisers to place ads both in Bing's search engine results and in the Bing advertising network. Bing Ads allows an advertiser to specify certain keywords in advance, which are used to display an ad in Bing's search engine results only when the user uses the search engine to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. In the Bing advertising network, the ads are distributed to topic-relevant websites using an automatic algorithm and taking into account the previously defined keywords.
The operating company for Bing Ads' services is Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA.
The purpose of Bing Ads is to promote our website by displaying interest-relative advertising on Bing.com (and websites operated by Bing such as MSN.com, Bing.de and Bing.co.uk), AOL and Yahoo.com (including websites operated by Yahoo). The search network also includes third-party websites operated by Microsoft and Yahoo consortium search partners.
If you access our website via such an advertisement, a cookie is placed on your computer. A conversion cookie loses its validity after thirty days and is not used to identify the person concerned. If the cookie has not yet expired, the conversion cookie is used to determine whether certain subpages, such as the shopping basket of an online shop system, have been accessed on our website. The conversion cookie enables both Microsoft and us to track whether a person affected who came to our website via a Bing-Ads advertisement generated revenue, i.e., whether they completed or cancelled a purchase of goods.
A Bing UET tag is integrated into our website. This is a code used in connection with the cookie to store personal information, such as the web pages visited by the person concerned. Personal data, including the IP address of the Internet connection used by the person concerned, is therefore transferred to Microsoft in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States of America each time he or she visits our website. This personal data is stored by Microsoft in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the United States of America.
In addition, Microsoft may be able to track your usage across multiple electronic devices through cross-device tracking, enabling you to display personalized advertising on or in Microsoft webpages and apps.
You can disable this behavior at https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/ (Opt Out).
The person concerned can prevent the saving of cookies through our website at any time, as already described above, by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. This Internet browser setting will also prevent Microsoft from setting a Bing Ads cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, a cookie already stored by Bing Ads can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.
Furthermore, the person concerned has the possibility to withdraw from interest-related advertising by Bing Ads. To do this, the person concerned must select the link https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/ from each of the Internet browsers they use and select the desired settings there.
For more information on Bing Ads' analytics services, please visit the Bing Ads website (https://help.bingads.microsoft.com/#apex/3/de/53056/2). For more information about Microsoft and Bing's privacy policy, please see the Microsoft Privacy Policy (https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement).
g) LinkedIn
LinkedIn is a social network for building and maintaining professional business contacts and offers tailored search functions and tools as part of its talent, marketing and sales offering. Users create a career profile that can be viewed privately and publicly according to their own wishes and settings (see profile settings for data protection and opt out).
LinkedIn is operated by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
As part of its service offering, LinkedIn collects public information (such as career-related news and achievements) and other content that may include information about the specific LinkedIn user (such as mentions in articles, posts, comments). You can choose to opt out of this. As a targeted social media network with millions of global users, LinkedIn is also a B2B advertising medium for companies through which different ad formats can be targeted to different users. LinkedIn does not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without the user's consent; see profile settings for advertisements and opt-out and opt-out for surveys and services).LinkedIn stores cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, pixels, ad tags, device identifiers) to recognize the user and his or her platform both off- and on the platform. Users can restrict this tracking within the display preferences under the "Guest Controls".
MAGIX operates its own LinkedIn profile to advertise career opportunities on the one hand, and to advertise specific MAGIX and VEGAS products on the other. Every MAGIX post on the company profile shows how many users have carried out a specific action organically or through paid advertising. MAGIX also sponsors content via LinkedIn in the form of sponsored posts, text ads, and videos. In addition to the organic reach of the followers, these advertisements are aimed at specific target groups. Target groups can be created based on various targeting options, e.g. by location, professional title, skills, and interests. LinkedIn uses the user's own profile information and targets the individual user approvals that the user has configured in his profile. MAGIX receives information on the effectiveness of advertisements by tracking user behavior via cookies and similar technologies. Depending on the advertising campaign, the LinkedIn Insight Tag and specific LinkedIn scripts installed on the MAGIX homepage measure whether a specific product has been added to the shopping cart or purchased. If preferred, the user can limit this in the LinkedIn display settings.
h) Smartly
Smartly is a tool for automating Facebook and Instagram advertising. As the certified service provider and marketing partner of Facebook, Smartly is subject to Facebook's privacy policy and specializes in supporting its own B2B customers in their advertising strategies on these platforms.
The head office of Smartly.io Solutions is located at Elielinaukio 2 G, 00100 Helsinki, Finland.MAGIX uses Smartly as a platform for managing campaigns that can be created on Smartly and then launched via Facebook, Instagram and the Facebook Audience Network. As a B2B client, Smartly Account Managers help us with the technical implementation and strategic planning of campaigns. As already explained under the section on Facebook, the Facebook Data Policy shows which and how information is collected, used and shared by Facebook, and how within the privacy settings, specifically the advertisement settings, the transmission of their data to Facebook partners such as Smartly can be prevented.
i) YouTube
We use YouTube to embed videos on our websites (especially in the forum and in the community).
YouTube is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
The videos are embedded in the extended data protection mode. Like most websites, however, YouTube also uses cookies to collect information about the visitors to its website. YouTube uses them, among other things, to collect video statistics, to prevent fraud, and to improve user-friendliness. This also leads to a connection with the Google DoubleClick network. Starting the video could trigger further data processing. We have no influence on this.
For more information about privacy at YouTube, please see their privacy policy at: http://www.youtube.com/t/privacy_at_youtube

