
Privacy
Web Privacy Statement The University of Newcastle is committed to protecting and maintaining the privacy of your personal and health information.The purpose of this statement is to
  advise visitors to the University's website of the information collected when
  they visit, how this information may be used and whether or not it may be
  disclosed.Further information on privacy at UoN can be found in the University's Privacy
  Management Plan and on the University's privacy site. The Privacy Management Plan outlines the University's responsibilities under the NSW Privacy and Personal Protection
  Act 1998 and the Health Records and Information
  Privacy Act 2002.If you have any further questions with regard to this notice please contact the University's Privacy Office at privacy@newcastle.edu.auVisiting the WebsiteInformation Automatically LoggedThe University may record server addresses, domain names, IP addresses, the date and time of visits to the site, as well as the pages accessed and any documents downloaded. This information is collected for statistical purposes only.The University will not attempt to identify individual visitors from this information, except in the unlikely event of an investigation, where it is required by another law.External Links from the University
  websiteThe University is not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of any external links provided on the UoN website. Links are provided for the purpose of convenience and do not necessarily reflect the University's endorsement of the content provided.Collection of Personal InformationEngaging with certain applications of this website may require you to provide information about yourself by submitting an online form. The University will only request the information that is necessary to complete the enquiry or service.Any information collected via the University website will be delivered to the appropriate University staff member for action as required.Sending emails to the UniversityIf you send the University an email, the email system will record your email address. This information will only be used to respond to an enquiry made and will not be disclosed without your consent. Some email communications may be monitored for statistical and quality purposes.Emails sent to the University will be held by the relevant area and, in certain cases, in the University's Record Management System, TRIM. Correspondence sent to the University will be treated in line with the NSW Privacy Principles and may be subject to requirements of the State Records Act.Security of InformationAs outlined in the University's Information Security Policy, information is protected from loss and unauthorised access or disclosure.Certain areas or applications of the UoN website require a login name and password to ensure that the information is only displayed to the intended recipient. Users should ensure that their passwords are protected and cannot be accessed by others.  Our systems encrypt this information to ensure
  protection.CookiesTemporary cookies are used by certain applications of the University website for authentication purposes, to improve security, or to provide specific content to users. A cookie places information on your hard disk so that the site can remember something about you at a later time.You can alter your settings so that your browser can reject cookies or notify you when cookies are used. Not allowing all cookies may affect the function of, or your access to, certain University applications.Cookies are also used by certain UoN sites to supply University of Newcastle advertisements to a visitor, as they continue to browse on the internet after leaving the UoN site. (see remarketing below).Use of Personal InformationPersonal information you supply on-line will be used by University staff in conducting the business of the University. The information will only be used for the purpose for which it was collected, in line with the University's Privacy Management Plan.Direct marketing and Research When you opt-in to receive email and SMS updates about UON, your personal information is collected and managed by the University to provide direct marketing information on degrees, events, scholarships, important dates or other information which we think you may find interesting or will help you make
  decisions about your study options.From time to time, we may also use your personal information for market research purposes. We may contact you by email or phone to invite you to participate in market research activities to improve our degrees, services and marketing activities.We may share your personal information with authorised service providers who perform services on our behalf (including data storage, direct marketing and market research) based on our instructions.If at any stage you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from the University, you may choose to opt out / unsubscribe by following the instructions in our communications.RemarketingRemarketing is used to connect with visitors, based on past interactions with the site. The University may remarket information via third-party vendors, including Google. As per the University's agreement with the vendor, this information is used for remarketing purposes only. Information on Google
  Privacy can be found here.You can choose to opt out of customised Google
  Display Network advertisements. To do so, please follow the link here.Disclosure of Personal InformationThe University will not disclose personal information obtained via the University website unless with the consent of the person concerned or where otherwise stated at the point of collection.Staff and Student EmailThe University supplies email facilities to all staff and students through the providers Microsoft Outlook and Groupwise. For further information on use of email by staff and students please see the University's Electronic Mail Policy.Public ForumsThe University website hosts some interactive applications. Please be advised that any information disclosed in open online forums or on message boards becomes public information.   Access and AmendmentIf you wish to access or amend personal information the University holds/may hold, please contact the relevant division or school, the Human Resource Services office, or the Student Hub, as appropriate.The University's Privacy Office can also assist you to access or amend your information, or with any other privacy related queries.

