
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to you – and it is also
          important to us. 
 So here’s how our lawyers explain it:
This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated
            with offline activities. Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. reserves the right to
            change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion.
            Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, your
            personal information will be deemed to be confidential. Personal
            information is defined as any information that identifies or can
            be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information
            pertains. Any non-personal information or material sent to Dundjinni
            Enterprises, Inc. will generally be deemed to not be confidential. You
            understand and agree that we may disclose information about you if
            we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law
            or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights,
            property, or safety of Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. or others. 
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure
            the correct use of information, Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. has appropriate
            physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and
            secure the personal information collected online. Protecting the
            privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason,
            Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. never collects or maintains information at our
            web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of
            the web site is structured to attract anyone under 13. 
If, at the time you provide personal information to Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc.,
            you are given the opportunity to limit how such information will
            be used to communicate with you, either by Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. or
            by third parties, Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. will not change your preference
            in this regard without your express consent. However, if Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc.
            sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another
            entity, or Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired
            by, or merged with, another entity, Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. may provide
            to such entity customer information that is related to that part
            of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity
            without your consent.
Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. collects your personal information in order
            to record and support your participation in the activities you select.
            Personal information resides on a secure server. We use the personal
            information to complete an order.
Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. uses "cookies" to track your visit.
            A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser
            by a Internet Web server and can only be read by the server that
            gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, and enables
            Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. to record your passwords, purchases, and other
            use preferences. Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. does not generally use the IP/Internet
            address of your computer to identify you personally unless you expressly
            provide consent to remember or store your password.
Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. may also collect information about the use of
            the Site, such as the types of services used and how many users we
            receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without
            identifying any user individually. Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. may use this
            aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis,
            marketing, or similar promotional purposes.
 The Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. Web Site contains links to other Internet
            sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances,
            unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use
            of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy
            applicable to that site. Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. is not responsible for
            the content or privacy practices of non-Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. Web sites
            to which there may be a link so the User should review the privacy
            policy of such Internet sites before using them.
 You can engage in many activities without providing any personal
            information. Other activities may require you to provide personal
            information. Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. or third parties authorized by Dundjinni
            Enterprises, Inc. may also collect certain technical and routing information
            about your computer to facilitate your use and track patterns. This
            may include collecting environmental variable data, such as browser
            type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol ("IP")
            address of your computer. 
When you submit personal information to Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc., you
            understand and agree that this information may be transferred across
            national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the
            countries in which Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates, subsidiaries,
            or contractors maintain offices, including, without limitation, the
            United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or
            with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring,
            storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by
            trusted vendors of Dundjinni Enterprises, Inc.

