
Privacy Statement
We respect your Privacy... always did!
TheWeddingSite.com does not automatically retrieve, capture or store information of the person browsing the website except for logging the Internet Protocol (IP) address and other session information like the type of browser being used and the duration of the visit to the website. Any such information is used by the website host for system administration purposes and to provide TheWeddingSite with statistics on the use of the website. 
		
• Cookies

		TheWeddingSite.com does not use 'cookies' to collect personal information.  The 'cookies' collected are:
		Analytical cookies which make it possible to monitor statistics such as open rates, click rates, and the bounce rates at the individual level.
		Sharing button cookies which allow users to share our pages on third-party social networks via social sharing buttons.
		
• Online Forms
When filling any of our online other forms found across our website, your information will be used solely for the purpose it is being provided and in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR.  
		
• Join our Mailing List Form
When you join our mailing list you are giving us your consent to send you wedding-related newsletters such as discounts from wedding suppliers, competitions with prizes, wedding events, etc.  This is the only way your email address will be added to our mailing list.
		Unsubscribing:		You have the right to opt out of our database easily by using the respective link found at the bottom of each of our newsletters.   Email addresses are never shared with third parties except for the mailing list database service provider - Madmimi.
		• Wedding Suppliers Contact Forms
When contacting wedding suppliers through any of the contact forms, your enquiry will be sent to the respective supplier through our mail servers. A copy of your enquiry will also be sent to you for your records.  For backup purposes, a copy of the enquiry is kept on our email account.  We will not add your email address to our mailing list.
		
		
		
• Wedding Announcements
When posting your wedding announcement on our website, your details, except for your email address, will be visible to the public in general. When posting your wedding please make sure that you have the consent of your partner.  At the beginning of the year, announcements of the previous year are deleted.
		
		If required, a request to have a wedding announcement removed from our website can be done via the appropriate link found on the Wedding Announcements pages.  We will not add your email address to our mailing list.

		This Privacy Statement covers only TheWeddingSite.com. Any links within the website to other related sites and/or third parties are not covered by this policy.
		
		Last updated: 24th May 2018
		


