
As part of providing our Services, we collect or receive your personal information in a few different ways. Often, you choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information for you to use and for us to provide you the Services.
If you choose to create an account on the Site, you need to provide us with a valid email address, first name and surname. You may review, change, or remove your first name and surname through your online account. If you would like your email address to be removed, you should contact us on [email protected] and we will remove this by either deleting your account or by changing the email address on your account to a generic email address that does not contain any data personal to you.
Depending on which services you choose to use, additional information, such as invoice, delivery and payment information (including but not limited to invoice address, delivery address, company name, telephone numbers and credit card information) may be necessary in order for us to provide a particular service. You are not required to provide us with this information to create an account, but we will need it to provide certain services. For example, we need a physical delivery address if you are buying something on the Site for delivery.
We do not store full credit card information on our servers but we do store a payment token, the expiry date and the last four digits which will allow us to accept future payments without the need for you to enter full card details.
We automatically receive and record information from your browser or your mobile device when you visit the Site, such as your IP address or unique device identifier, cookies and data about which pages you visit in order to allow us to operate and provide the Services. This information is stored in our database, in log files and is collected automatically. We may combine this information from your browser or your mobile device with other information that we or our partners collect about you, including across devices. This information is used to prevent fraud and to keep the Services secure, to analyse and understand how the Services work for visitors, and to provide advertising, including across your devices, and a more personalised experience for visitors.
We may also automatically collect device-specific information when you use our Services. This information may include information such as the hardware model, operating system information, browser information, IP address, and device identifiers.
We collect information about your use of the Services for advertising, analytics, to serve content and to protect the Services, including your IP address and browser information (including referrers). We use your IP address to determine your geo-location to offer Services tailored to your region.

