
Adworld.ie is published by Adworld Ltd, 63 Lower Leeson Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. As part of our commitment to We are committed to protecting the right to privacy of all the visitors to this Website and of subscribers to any of the publications, both digital and print, that are published by the Company. We recommend that you read this Privacy Statement in conjunction with our Terms & Conditions.
We respect our users’ privacy and do not give your details to any third parties. We comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and the ePrivacy Regulations 2011 (S.I. 336 of 2011) that deal with data protection for phone, e-mail, SMS and Internet use, as well as the EU e Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended by Directive 2006/24/EC and 2009/136/EC).
If you would like to know more about your rights and entitlements under the various Data Protection regulations, please visit the website of the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at www.dataprotection.ie
Data collection and purpose
From time to time Adworld Limited will only collect and use personal data voluntarily provided by visitors to this Website. However, visitors are able to browse this Website without disclosing any personal information.
Disclosure to third parties
Adworld Limited will not collect or compile personal data or information obtained by this Website or other publications and websites under the control of the company for dissemination or sale to outside parties for consumer marketing purposes.
Data amendments and retention
Information collected from visitors that has been submitted voluntarily, will be kept in order to provide the required service and also contact information in relation to products or services offered by Adworld Limited. Should you require your information to be updated, amended or deleted from our records please contact info@adworld.ie outlining your requirements.
Security
Adworld Limited has implemented accepted standards of technical measures and security policies that protect the personal data it has under its control. Should you subscribe to a product or service online via this Website, including a subscription to a publication, digital or otherwise, we use XXXX as our payment gateway ensuring that, at no time are your credit/debit card details held on our computer systems. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure any information we collect online.
The use of Cookies
In common with other websites, Adworld.ie and the publisher, Adworld Ltd, will use cookies to collect information about the users of the websites the company publishes including Adworld.ie, OnlineMediaGuide.ie, MediaEye.ie.
Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser which allows that server to uniquely identify the browser on each page. There are different types of cookies which we use which we have outlined below. This list may change in the future. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details about the user and the individual identity of users cannot be established.
Advertising Cookies: These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you. These cookies are also used to limit the number of times a viewer sees an advert. In addition, advertising cookies also help advertisers measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. Typically, these cookies are placed by a third party entity like an advertising network, a media agency or an advertising client. These cookies remember the websites you visit and the information is shared with other parties like advertisers. The publisher does not have access to these third party advertising cookies.
Social Media Cookies: This site allows the sharing of information and content through social media networks and channels including the likes of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Google + . These social media channels are not within the control of the publisher and you should refer to the particular social media platform where they have outlined their own terms and conditions relating to the use of cookies.
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, you are free to do so. To disable cookies, please go to the Settings in the support area of your particular browser. Please note that by deleting cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site and/or certain areas within the social media platforms which are used to support this site.

