Website Privacy Statement
This statement applies to our privacy practises in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practises of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
ETBI is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website. This privacy statement relates to our practices in connection with our website.  ETBI fully respects your right to privacy.  We will not collect personal information/data about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information using the “contact us” form.  By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of your information under the terms of this privacy statement which is in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003 and the European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011. Please read the following privacy statement to understand how we use and protect the information that you choose to provide to us.
 
Collection and use of personal information
ETBI does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from the information which you volunteer to us (for example by using the “Contact Us” form).  Any information you provide is not made available to any third parties and is used by ETBI only in line with the purpose for which you provided it. Your personal data may however be anonymised and used in the aggregate, for statistical purposes.
 
Non-Personal/Technical information which we collect 
Certain non-personal data is available to us through our internet service provider.  This non-personal data is collected on a statistical, aggregate, non-individual basis.  This information may include the IP address from which you access our website, the type of browser used to access our website (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.), the type of operating system used to access our website (Windows, Macintosh, etc.), the “top-level” domain name used (i.e., .com, .org, etc.), the date and time of your visit to our website and the number of pages you visited on our website.
 
Cookies (please see our Cookies Policy on http://www.etbi.ie/cookies)
A cookie is a temporary small file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive to identify you as the user of the website. Many internet sites use cookies. Typically, they are used by the website to identify the person only while accessing the website to track the person’s use of the site and any repeat visits made by that person.
 
Why our sites uses cookies
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Our cookies will allow us to provide you with personalised content or present you with service information based on your previous behaviour on the site.
 
How we use cookies
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when our sites collects personal information. It applies to all information we collect about:

Visitors to our websites
Customers who register and use our services

 
Disclosure to Other People
We do not disclose, sell or distribute any personal information which you send to us to any third parties.  We may pass aggregate information on the usage of our site to third parties, but this will not include information that can be used to identify you. Your personal data may also be anonymised and used for statistical purposes.  Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
 
Visitors to our websites
When someone visits our sites, we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site.
We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our websites. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source.
If our sites want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will make it clear when we collect such information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
 
Security
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and to guard against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage and we will do our best to ensure that all records held remain secure in line with our obligations under Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003. We take our security responsibilities seriously, employing the most appropriate physical and technical measures, including staff training and awareness. We review our security procedures regularly.
 
Retention 
We do not retain your personal data for longer than it is necessary for us to comply with the purpose for which you gave it to us.  Any personal data which you provide to us using this website will be used in line with the purposes for which you provided it (e.g. to contact you and answer any queries which you have raised in the “Contact Us” form or to address any other feedback which you send us in the “Contact Us” form) and after this purpose has been completed, your data will not be further retained.
 
Accessing Your Information
You are entitled to see the information we hold about you. On written request, and where your personal data is available, we supply copies of your personal data which you may have supplied to us using our website.  If you wish to obtain copies of this personal data, you should write to the General Secretary, ETBI, Pipers Hill, Naas, Co. Kildare and ask that he/she provides you with an Access Request Form. The law entitles us to charge you a fee for doing so (which currently does not exceed €6.35). Your request will be dealt with as soon as possible and will not take more than 40 days to process.  If you discover that ETBI holds inaccurate information about you, you can request that we correct that information.  In certain circumstances, you may also request that data which you have supplied via our website be deleted (although you should note that if you request a deletion, you would generally be expected to identify some contravention of data protection law in the manner in which ETBI processes the data concerned).  Upon written request, we will supply you with a Data Rectification/Erasure Form for this purpose.
 
Contacting Us
If you are concerned about how your personal data is processed by our website, please do not hesitate to bring these concerns to our attention using the contact details below:
The General Secretary, ETBI, Pipers Hill, Naas, Co.
