ETBI Website Privacy Statement, May 2018

Purpose

This statement applies to our privacy practises in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practises of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
ETBI is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website. This privacy statement relates to our practices in connection with our website.  ETBI fully respects your right to privacy.  We will not collect personal information/data about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information using the “contact us” form.  By using this site, you will be requested to opt in (i.e. provide your explicit consent) to the collection and use of your information under the terms of this privacy statement which is in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations and the Data Protection Act, 2018 (when enacted) and the European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011. Please read the following privacy statement to understand how we use, share, retain and protect the information that you choose to provide to us.

Collection and use of personal information

ETBI does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from the information which you volunteer to us (for example by using the “Contact Us” form).  Any information you provide is not made available to any third parties and is used by ETBI only in line with the purpose for which you provided it. Your personal data may however be anonymised and used in the aggregate, for statistical purposes.

 Non-Personal/Technical information which we collect

Certain non-personal data is available to us through our internet service provider.  This non-personal data is collected on a statistical, aggregate, non-individual basis.  This information may include the IP address from which you access our website, the type of browser used to access our website (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.), the type of operating system used to access our website (Windows, Macintosh, etc.), the “top-level” domain name used (i.e., .com, .org, etc.), the date and time of your visit to our website and the number of pages you visited on our website.

 Cookies (please see our Cookies Policy on https://www.etbi.ie/cookies)

A cookie is a temporary small file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive to identify you as the user of the website. Many internet sites use cookies. Typically, they are used by the website to identify the person only while accessing the website to track the person’s use of the site and any repeat visits made by that person.
Why our sites use cookies
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Our cookies will allow us to provide you with personalised content or present you with service information based on your previous behaviour on the site.
How we use cookies
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when our sites collects personal information. It applies to all information we collect about: (i) visitors to our websites and (ii) customers who register and use our services.
When someone visits our sites, we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site.
We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our websites. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source.  If our sites want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will make it clear when we collect such information and will explain what we intend to do with it.

 Disclosure/Sharing of Personal Data

We do not disclose, sell or distribute any personal information which you send to us through this website to third parties except in the following circumstances:

Queries unrelated to ETBI’s role, function and remit: Where queries are submitted to ETBI using the “Contact Us” form on our website or on cns.ie (which is developed and maintained by ETBI) which do not relate to ETBI functions, role or remit. Such examples include:
where requests/queries submitted on the “Contact Us” form relate to a member ETB, we will furnish same to that ETB for a response to the requester;
requests about courses, accreditation, student grants, other matters, we will endeavour to furnish same to the relevant agency/body responsible for such matters to facilitate their response to the requester.
National compliance tool: Where ETB personnel undertake a test on GDPR awareness/compliance on a tool developed by ETBI which captures information centrally on ETB and ETBI data protection compliance. This tool facilitates member ETB personnel with an opportunity to complete a quiz/test the successful completion of which will generate an output confirming successful completion.  ETBI refers details of those who have successfully completed the test to the relevant ETB as part of evidencing its compliance with GDPR.  Any analytics generated nationally through the tool will be for the purposes of managing the process and establishing anonymised data about national compliance figures with GDPR.
National website www.cns.ie: ETBI has developed and maintains a national website to promote the interests, provide information to the public and assist with the development and growth of the CNS model in Ireland. Information is gathered through a “Contact Us” form and, through an “Express Your Interest” (EOI) form distinguished as such on the website. Information captured on the EOI form is normally gathered from parents/guardians of children who express an interest in this school type and/or would wish to see a CNS school available in their area.   Given that ETBs are the patrons of Community National Schools, the information gathered in EOI forms is referred as appropriate, to the ETB identified by the parent(s)/guardian(s) as their local ETB or the ETB closest to the locality where the parents/guardians reside or may reside when their child/ren may be attending primary school.  The information gathered from EOI forms:
Is currently shared with the Department of Education & Skills for the purposes of validating expressions of interest in patronage competitions for proposed new schools.
May be retained by ETBI for future planning purposes (e.g. patronage competitions for proposed new schools) and, for statistical, research and/or archival purposes where the data will be anonymised.

Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your explicit consent or in accordance with the GDPR and the Data Protection Act, 2018 (when enacted).

 Security

We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and to guard against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage and we will do our best to ensure that all records held remain secure in line with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulations and the Data Protection Act, 2018 (when enacted). We take our security responsibilities seriously, employing physical and technical measures, including staff training and awareness. We review our security procedures regularly.

 Retention

We do not retain your personal data for longer than it is necessary for us to comply with the purpose for which you gave it to us.  Any personal data which you provide to us using this website will be used in line with the specific purpose for which you provided it (e.g. to contact you and answer any queries which you have raised in the “Contact Us” form or to address any other feedback which you send us in the “Contact Us” form) and after this purpose has been completed, your data will not be further retained and will be destroyed or deleted in a secure manner. We may process or share data with education and training stakeholders e.g. Department of Education and Skills, SOLAS etc. for statistical, research and/or future planning purposes, but in such cases, the data will be anonymised.

 Accessing Your Information

You are entitled to see the information we hold about you. On written request (e.g. correspondence, email), and where your personal data is available, we supply copies of your personal data, in line with GDPR and the provisions of the Data Protection Act, 2018 (when enacted) which you have supplied to us using our website.
If you wish to obtain copies of this personal data, you should write to the General Secretary, ETBI, Pipers Hill, Naas, Co. Kildare and ask that he/she provides you with an Access Request Form.  For your convenience we will provide you with a form to help scope your data as expeditiously as possible.  Your request will be dealt with as soon as possible and will not take more than 30 days to process save in the most exceptional cases where we will advise you in writing of this providing a rationale for same.  The provisions of the GDPR will be adhered to in responding to your request.
If you discover that ETBI holds inaccurate information about you, you can request that we correct, delete, rectify that information.  Upon written request, we will contact you by phone/email/correspondence to seek to remedy the inaccurate information held.  We will also ensure that any such erasure/rectification undertaken by ETBI is notified to a relevant third party with whom we have shared your information.

 Your rights

You have the following statutory rights that can be exercised at any time:

Right to complain to supervisory authority.
Right of access.
Right to rectification.
Right to be forgotten.
Right to restrict processing.
Right to data portability.
Right to object and automated decision making/profiling.

           For further information, please see our Data Protection Policy available at www.etbi.ie or alternatively contact the General Secretary, ETBI.

 Contacting Us

If you are concerned about how your personal data is processed by our website, please do not hesitate to bring these concerns to our attention using the contact details below:  The General Secretary, ETBI, Pipers Hill, Naas, Co. Kildare or info@etbi.ie
