Privacy Policy
At The Arc, your privacy is our priority.  We are committed to protecting your privacy at all times, in all situations.  The information we collect about you (member) when you become a member, donor or constituent, is used to process your membership, order, donation, or request for information and referral, and to provide you member benefits.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
When you become a member of The Arc, we ask you to fill out a form that requests (or we otherwise seek to collect), your name, address and e-mail address, and telephone, as well as some demographic information such as gender, age, and information about your family.
Your name and address information is used solely to process your membership, donation, order, or request for information and referral.   By policy of The Arc, this information will never be sold, given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than providing you member benefit opportunities.
Your demographic information (gender, age, etc.) is used for several purposes: Demographic information is provided back to our corporate partners (companies that provide member benefit opportunities) in an aggregated way. For example, we may tell a partner that 25% of our members are male, while 75% are female. We never release individual demographics to any party. The Arc also uses demographic information in aggregate terms for reporting purposes – annual reports, funding sources, charity-watch agencies. 
Our Use of Web site Log Files
When you visit our Web site (www.thearc.org) we automatically log your IP address, your browser type and your access times. We utilize this information to conduct site performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This data helps us to determine what content our members find most appealing so that we can maximize your usage of the site. To opt out of the collection of this demographic information from Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, you can use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
File Security
All employees of The Arc take your personal information very seriously. All employees must learn and obey our security policies. Access to members’ personal information is limited to key management personnel and our member and donor services departments. The information is ID and password protected.  Our Web security is reviewed regularly.
Use of Intermediaries
The Arc utilizes the services of intermediaries - United Parcel Service (UPS), FedEx, and various direct mail firms to process and/or send out to our member renewals, solicitations, newsletters and orders.  To our knowledge, these intermediaries do not store, retain or use the information in any way. In some cases, our corporate partners directly communicate member benefit opportunities to you. These parties are contractually obligated with The Arc to use your information only for the purpose of communicating these opportunities.
Links to Other Sites
The Arc’s Web site (www.thearc.org) contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you may be leaving The Arc site and entering another Web site. These sites may independently collect or request information about you and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Communication
From time to time we may send out email messages soliciting your support, prompting a call to action, or alerting you of what’s new at The Arc.   In addition, you may receive communications from us if you have contacted us for a particular reason, and/or to receive the information or service you have requested.
Our Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer's hard drive which, for some sites, identifies you when you enter. The ability to select or download information on our site is not cookie-driven.
Your Consent
By becoming a member, donor or constituent of The Arc, and/or by using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of the information you provide to us as described above. If we make any material changes in our privacy practices or in how we use your personally identifiable information, we will post a prominent notices in The Arc’s quarterly member newsletter, inSight, and on our Web site prior to implementation of the change.
If you prefer not to receive member benefit offers or requests for donations, please contact The Arc toll-free at 1-800-433-5255, ext. 3713; or e-mail us at donorsupport@thearc.org; or write us at 1825 K Street NW, Suite 1200, Washington, DC 20006.
