This Privacy Policy establishes the terms in which Panamerican Language Center - CPI uses and protects the information that is provided by its users when using its website. This company is committed to the security of the data of its users. When we ask you to fill in the fields of personal information with which you can be identified, we do so by ensuring that it will only be used in accordance with the terms of this document. However this Privacy Policy may change over time or be updated for what we recommend and we emphasize to continually review this page to ensure that you agree to such changes.
Information that is collected
Our website may collect personal information such as: Name, contact information such as your email address and demographic information. Also, when necessary, specific information may be required to process an order or make a delivery or billing.
Use of collected information
Our website uses the information in order to provide the best possible service, particularly to keep a register of users, orders if applicable, and improve our products and services. We may periodically send emails through our site with special offers, new products and other advertising information that we consider relevant to you or that may provide you with some benefit, these emails will be sent to the address you provide and may be canceled anytime.
Panamerican Language Center - CPI is highly committed to fulfill the commitment to keep your information safe. We use the most advanced systems and constantly update them to ensure that there is no unauthorized access.
Cookies
A cookie refers to a file that is sent in order to request permission to be stored on your computer, accepting said file is created and the cookie is then used to have information regarding web traffic, and also facilitates future visits to a website recurrent. Another function that cookies have is that with them the web can recognize you individually and therefore provide you with the best personalized service on your website.
Our website uses cookies to be able to identify the pages that are visited and their frequency. This information is used only for statistical analysis and then the information is permanently deleted. You can delete cookies at any time from your computer. However cookies help to provide a better service of the websites, you are not giving access to information on your computer or you, unless you want and provide it directly. You can accept or deny the use of cookies, however most browsers automatically accept cookies as it serves to have a better web service. Also you can change the configuration of your computer to decline cookies. If you decline, you may not be able to use some of our services.
Links to Third Parties
This website may contain links to other sites that may be of interest to you. Once you click on these links and leave our page, we no longer have control over the site to which it is redirected and therefore we are not responsible for the terms or privacy or protection of your data on those other third party sites. These sites are subject to their own privacy policies and it is recommended that you consult them to confirm that you agree with them.
Control of your personal information
At any time you may restrict the collection or use of personal information that is provided to our website. Each time you are asked to fill out a form, such as the user registration form, you can check or uncheck the option to receive information by email. In case you have marked the option to receive our newsletter or advertising you can cancel it at any time.
This company will not sell, cede or distribute personal information that is collected without your consent, unless required by a court with a court order.
Panamerican Language Center - CPI reserves the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time.