
Our Commitment To Privacy
                    
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your
                  privacy we provide this notice explaining our online
                  information practices.
We do not sell, give away or distribute any personal
                  information in any way. What this means is we do not give away
                  or sell e-mail address, home address or anything else you
                  input nor will we send any mail to your home.
All credit card and check transactions are done via SSL
                  (Secure Socket Layer) and no personal information or data is
                  stored on our servers or computers. For your safety
                  Transaction data is ONLY stored on the processors server's.
                  For you this means that your credit card
                  information is safe.
We do not store personal information on personal computers.
                  All personal information is stored on the banks credit card
                  processing servers located behind firewalls. 
The Information Collected by our web servers via cookies is
                  for security of our servers only. By default, our web server
                  log all access to the server to include, IP address, referring
                  url and hacking attempts. This information is not personal
                  information but general information as your internet service
                  provider is the only one who can match an IP address to a
                  actual person.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, we use security software that
                  logs and disables username/passwords when they are used by
                  anyone other then the owner. Selling, giving away or trading
                  passwords is a violation of our 
                    terms of service and you may be held responsible if you
                  participate in these illegal activities
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take
                  reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting
                  access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these
                  privacy policies, please send us an email at Jeff

