
Cookies and Walkhighlands
Whenever you visit Walkhighlands, information may be collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies. By using Walkhighlands you agree to our use of cookies as described in this Cookie Policy.
ABOUT COOKIES
Cookies are small text files which are downloaded to your computer or mobile phone when you visit a webpage. Your web browser sends these cookies back to the website or application on each pageview so that they can recognise you and remember things like which user you are, or your preferences.
Some cookies are used to help ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to your interests.
COOKIES ON WALKHIGHLANDS
Whilst you are visiting Walkhighlands, there are several types of cookie that may be set on your computer, tablet or mobile phone:
Functional cookies
These cookies allow us to know which user you are when you are logged in, so that you can make posts, record which hills you have climbed etc. They also provide enhanced, more personal features, such as the GPS planner remembers where on the map you were last viewing, so that the planner opens at the same place the next time you visit it, and if you decide to shortlist accommodation options a cookie remembers which you have shortlisted so you can find them again. They remember whether you have already been shown information such as our latest gps planner updates, so you are not shown the messages over and over again. These cookies do not gather any information about you that could be used for selling advertising.
Analytics cookies
In common with almost all websites, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people use Walkhighlands. These cookies are served by Google - a third party - and do not contain any information that identifies you personally. Instead enable us to see which parts of the website are most popular, and how they are being used. This enables us to enhance the site. They also track aggregate data, such as the amount of map usage so that we can pay the correct royalty to the Ordnance Survey, and the number of times external links have been clicked. You can read Google's privacy policy here.
Advertising cookies
Third party cookies (served by Google and other advertising networks) assist the targetting and correct recording of the amount of advertising we have served. This is done by grouping together shared interests based upon previous web browsing activity. Advertising may then be displayed to you when you visit Walkhighlands which matches these interests. This does not include information that personally identifies you (even if you log in), it is carried out by Google and the information on which other sites you visit is not accessible to Walkhighlands. You can read Google's privacy policy here.
Without these cookies, online advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests. If you would like more information, including how to opt-out of these cookies, please visit www.youronlinechoices.com.
Walkhighlands also contains some affiliate marketing links, which means we get paid commission on sales of products or services when a specific advert is clicked on; this includes links posted by users on the forum as we use the Skimlinks.com service to enable commission to be paid for these links. Our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers or affiliate partnerships. You can read Skimlinks own site for information on the cookies they and other affiliate networks use.
Cookies from social media and media-sharing sites
When you visit a page on Walkhighlands that includes a button for sharing content on Facebook, Google+ or Twitter, or an embedded video from a site such as Youtube. These third party service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser. These cookies may be set by the social network or other third party to track the success of their application or to customise what they show to you. Walkhighlands does not control the use of these cookies and has no access to them. You should check the third party websites for more information about these cookies.
HOW TO CONTROL YOUR COOKIES
Please remember that Walkhighlands does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you, except to remember which username you are if you choose to register a personal account, so that you can post on the forum and mark the hills you have climbed. If you restrict the use of cookies generally this will inhibit the use of the site and disable such features.
If your concern is with the behavioural adveritising cookies, you can opt of these using by visiting www.youronlinechoices.com
To control other cookies, you can follow the links below for the help files for your browser. Changing these settings will not just affect Walkhighlands. These changes will apply to all websites that you visit (unless you choose to block cookies from just individual sites).
Modern browsers enable you to:
See what cookies you've got and delete them
Block third party cookies
Block cookies from particular sites
Block cookies completely
Delete all cookies when you close your browser
You should be aware that any preferences will be lost if you delete cookies. This includes any opt-outs for behavioural advertising you may have set as described above, as remembering that you do not want this type of cookies itself requires another cookie to be set. If you block cookies completely some features of Walkhighlands will not work at all, and others will be impaired.  We do not recommend turning cookies off when using Walkhighlands.
The following links go to the help sections for the major browsers.
Internet Explorer: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/196955
Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies
Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Opera: http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
Safari: http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/5.0/en/9277.html
Safari iOS: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677
Android: http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=169022
Windows Phone: http://www.microsoft.com/windowsphone/en-us/howto/wp7/web/changing-privacy-and-other-browser-settings.aspx


You may also wish to read our privacy policy

