 Terms and Conditions of Use for Schooldays.ie  Privacy Policy\n\nSchooldays.ie\'s policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it. Using the Internet should be a fun and non-threatening experience and we want to help make it so. \n\nThere are cases where Schooldays.ie asks you for personal information, such as your name or address or email address. This happens when you register for services that require registration or subscription . The information you give to register for these services will not be used for any other purpose other than to\n\n\ngrant access to and administer these services. \nto keep you informed about Schooldays.ie and its services\nto facilitate the distribution of products or services provided to you by schooldays.ie e.g. fulfilment and delivery of shop orders by agents, couriers or subsidiaries\nfor marketing purposes in according with your instructions - for example where you tick to \'opt-in\' to receive offers  from third parties when entering a competition\nif schooldays.ie is required to disclose such Personal Information by any applicable law, regulation or legal proces\n\n While Schooldays.ie strives to protect its user\'s personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default. Schooldays.ie\'s policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the internet, and therefore beyond Schooldays.ie\'s control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes.  \n\n While Schooldays.ie strives to protect its user\'s personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default. Schooldays.ie\'s policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the internet, and therefore beyond Schooldays.ie\'s control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes.\nDemographic and other data\nThis website uses cookies, web analytics and web logs to collect information about your use of our site, information about your computer such as your computer’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at our site via a link from a third party site, the URL of the linking page. If you have registered an account with us, it may also collect your name and email address. \nThe use of such cookies is normal practice and many major websites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies do not personally identify users but they do identify a user\'s computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies. Our approved advertising partners use cookies and web beacons to provide advertising to you and to enable us to manage our relationship with those advertisers. For example, these cookies and web beacons help track how many unique users have seen a particular advertisement across our site or a third party site so that advertisers can target advertising to users that will be more relevant to their interests.\nCookie Opt-Outs\n\xa0Some people find the idea of a website storing information on their device a little intrusive, in particular when the information is stored and used by a third party. For example, you may object to being served advertising which is targeted to your interests based on your browsing history. If you would prefer to opt out of cookies, it is possible to control cookies by following the steps below, however you should be aware that you might lose some features and functionality of the website if you do so.\nCookies, including those which have already been set, can be deleted from your hard drive. You can also change the preferences/settings in your web browser to control cookies. In some cases, you can choose to accept cookies from the primary site, but block them from third parties. In others, you can block cookies from specific advertisers, or clear out all cookies. Deleting or blocking cookies may reduce functionality of the site. To learn more about how to reject cookies, visit\xa0www.allaboutcookies.org\xa0or go to the help menu within your internet browser.\n\nOpting out of Behavioural Advertising Cookies:\nIf you would like to disable “third party” cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services, you can turn them off by going to the third party’s website and getting them to generate a one-time “no thanks” cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine.\n\nAny change to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this website and will become effective 5 days after posting. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites linked through this website. Personal Information which you choose to provide to other websites will be subject to the privacy policies of those websites. \n\nEmail communications\nWe use web beacons in our emails to track the success of our marketing campaigns. If you open an email from us, we can see which of the pages of our website you visited. Our web beacons don’t store any information on your computer but, by communicating with our cookies on your computer, they can tell us when you have opened an email from us. We may keep track of the emails that we send you. We also keep a record of what communications you have selected to receive or not to receive. If you would like to opt out of receiving such emails, please click the “unsubscribe” link in the email and follow the instructions. \n\nWho we may share your personal information with\n\nAgents: we use third parties to perform certain functions on our behalf including fulfilling orders, sending emails, organising and managing competitions, promotions, surveys or polls, removing repetitive information from customer lists, comment hosting, website analysis, data analysis, translation services and processing credit card payments. They will have access to your personal information if necessary to perform their function but they cannot use it or disclose it for any other purpose, unless you have specifically given them consent to do so.\n\nAggregate Information: we may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information, such as demographics and website usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors and other organisations.\xa0\n\nThird-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services: we may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on this website or we may use an audience or traffic measurement service to analyse the traffic on this website. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this website and other websites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in. Audience and traffic measurement services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavioural information from the website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. This website’s advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. \n\nLinks to other sites. \nUsers should be aware that when you are on a Schooldays.ie site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from Schooldays.ie pages that take you outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a link in a directory list item, the "click" takes you off the Schooldays.ie site. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you may end up! Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online, for example, via message boards or discussion forums that information can be collected and used by people you don\'t know. Terms of service and conditions of use of Schooldays.ie\nPlease read these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this site. By using this site, you signify your consent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use please do not use the site.  If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Schooldays.ie Ltd’s relationship with you in relation to this website. \n\n\nPlease read these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this site. By using this site, you signify your consent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use please do not use the site. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Schooldays.ie Ltd’s relationship with you in relation to this website.\n\nThe term Schooldays.ie is or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website being Dewberry Ltd whose registered office is 30 Green Road, Blackrock, Co Dublin.  The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.\nWe reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Schooldays.ie website following the posting of changes to these terms (including the Schooldays.ie website privacy policy and house rules) will mean you accept those changes. \nThe content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.\n\nNeither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.\n\nYour use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.\n\nThis website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.\n\nAll trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.\n\nUnauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.\n\nFrom time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).\nRegistration/User Names\nBy registering on the Schooldays.ie website, registered users can participate in our online Discussion Forums, surveys,  comment on news stories and receive updates on specific schools.  Care should be taken when selecting a \'User Name\' on registration as usernames are displayed beside posts/comments and you may not wish to be identifiable.  For this reason, if you are registering with a view to participating on discussion boards,  it may be more appropriate to select a user name such as \'Butterfly123\' or \'Mumof7\' etc rather than using your own name.  We also recommend that when posting comments, childminding ads etc, that you do not post details of your mobile phone number but rather ask respondents to PM (private message) you with their contact details.\n\nForums and public communication.\n"Forum" means a chat area, discussion board, bulletin board, or e-mail function offered as part of the Schooldays.ie online presence. You shall not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through the Schooldays.ie website any content which is libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. \n\nThe forums shall be used only in a non-commercial manner. You shall not, without our express written approval, distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, promotion, advertising, or solicitation for goods or services. You specifically acknowledge that soliciting other guests to join or become members of any commercial online service or other organisation is expressly prohibited. You must also follow the house rules whenever you are using any Schooldays.ie website. \n\nIt is our policy to respect the privacy of all guests. Therefore, in addition to the privacy of registration data (see our privacy policy), we will not monitor, edit, or disclose the contents of a guest\'s e-mail unless required in the course of normal maintenance of the Schooldays.ie website and its systems or unless required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on Schooldays.ie; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Schooldays.ie; or (3) act in an emergency to protect the personal safety of our guests or the public. Guests shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages. \n\nBy uploading materials to any forum or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such materials has expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.\n\nParents School Feedback Survey\nTo complete the Parent Feedback survey, participants must register on the site which requires that you provide an email address and password.  This is to help prevent misuse of the site.   Details of participants email addresses will not be provided to any third party and participants in the survey are not identified in any way on the site.  On registering on the site to participate in the survey you will also have the option to participate in general discussion forums, receive updates on individual schools etc  so it is important to consider the \'username\' you select when registering - i.e. it may be more appropriate to select a user name such as \'Butterfly123\' or \'Mumof7\' etc rather than using your own name.  \n\nDisclaimer\nWhile we make every effort to compile this website carefully and to the best of our ability, Schooldays.ie makes no warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this website. Schooldays.ie will not be liable for any loss or damage incurred as a result of relying on information contained on this website. Listings on this site shall not be taken as endorsement of any kind and it is your responsibility to satisfy yourself as to the suitability and quality of the service/product on offer. \n\nAny views expressed on this website by contributors are for educational purposes only and should not be regarded as a substitute for professional or medical advice. \n\nSchooldays.ie is not liable for any content posted on the Discussion Forums. \n\nOn registering for our Discussion Forums and/or eZines you will be asked to provide basic contact information. It is Schooldays.ie policy not to release personal information to third parties, other than for the reasons set out under the Privacy Policy.  The information may be used by Schooldays.ie to keep you informed through ezines of our news and services. You may opt-out from receiving such emails using the opt-out option at the bottom of any ezine you receive.\n\nSchooldays.ie is not responsible for the contents or reliability of the external websites featured/linked. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and have no control over availability of the linked pages.\n\nIndemnification\nMembers of any membership area on the Schooldays.ie website are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their password and account. Furthermore, members are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under their account and agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the providers for any liability or expense arising from such use or misuse. Members agree to immediately notify the providers of any unauthorised use of their account or any other breach of security known to them. \n\nUsage Restriction\nPermission is granted to electronically copy and print in hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of using this site as an information resource. Any other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, such as modification, distribution or republication, without Schooldays.ie\' prior written consent, is strictly prohibited. \n\nAmendments\nSchooldays.ie reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time. Your continued use of this Site is conditioned on the terms and conditions stated at the time of your use. Please visit this page prior to using this Site to determine the current terms and conditions to which you are bound. \n\nTransmission of Information. \nInformation you transmit through this Site is subject to Schooldays.ie\'s privacy policy and remains Schooldays.ie\'s property. Users are prohibited from transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, inflammatory or pornographic material or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law\nAny change to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this website and will become effective 5 days after posting. \n\nDiscussion Boards Rules\nRegistration to our discussion Boards are free but if participating we do insist that you abide by the rules and policies detailed below. If you wish to proceed to register to join our discussion boards you need to read the rules below and confirm your agreement to these rules by ticking the agreement box and pressing the submit button. If you would like to cancel the registration, click here to return to the boards index.\n\nOpinions expressed on the Discussion Boards are not those of Schooldays.ie and Schooldays.ie accepts no legal responsibility for their veracity and nature. Schooldays.ie may at any time, and without prior or post warning, delete messages or close discussions on forums as it feels appropriate.\n\nConsidering the real-time nature of our Discussion Boards it is impossible for us to review messages or confirm the validity of information posted. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and will make every effort to do so within areasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary.\n\nIf you wish to obtain information about another person’s experiences with any particular person/company/organisation you may post a message requesting information - but you must request that people with negative comments respond personally to you by email – never via the forum\n\nYou are responsible for any content that you post or transmit on the Discussion Forums. You provide the material on the basis and in the full knowledge that it will be treated as non-confidential and non proprietary and that it may be published and used by Schooldays for any purpose.\n\nYou agree to fully indemnify Schooldays.ie in respect of any loss, damage, injury, costs and expenses arising out of any claim threatened, proceedings initiated or action brought against it in relation to material posted on the Discussion Forums by you and you agree not to make any claim in relation to the material you submit.\n\nYou warrant that the material you submit is fit for publication and use and that publication and use of the material on the Discussion Boards will not infringe the rights (including, without limitation, intellectual property rights) of or cause injury to , any third party.\n\nSchooldays.ie reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we hold about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message posted by you.\n\nBy agreeing to these rules, you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violative of any laws.\n\nSchooldays.ie may not be used to send chain letters, junk mail, spam, solicitations or bulk communications of any kind You are not permitted to post links to alternative community groups or sites unless it is with the express permission of Schooldays.ie.\n\nYou will not impersonate a person, business or organisation when making any submissions to this site.\n\nSchooldays.ie reserves the right to deny access to any individual who contravenes these terms and conditions.\n    \n\n \n  