 Terms of service and conditions of use of Schooldays.ie
Please read these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this site. By using this site, you signify your consent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use please do not use the site.  If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our 
Please read these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this site. By using this site, you signify your consent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use please do not use the site. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our PRIVACY POLICY govern Schooldays.ie Ltd’s relationship with you in relation to this website.The term Schooldays.ie is or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website being Dewberry Ltd whose registered office is 30 Green Road, Blackrock, Co Dublin.  The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Schooldays.ie website following the posting of changes to these terms (including the Schooldays.ie website privacy policy and house rules) will mean you accept those changes. 
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.

Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.

This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.

All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.

Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.

Registration/User Names
By registering on the Schooldays.ie website, registered users can participate in our online Discussion Forums, surveys,  comment on news stories and receive updates on specific schools.  Care should be taken when selecting a 'User Name' on registration as usernames are displayed beside posts/comments and you may not wish to be identifiable.  For this reason, if you are registering with a view to participating on discussion boards,  it may be more appropriate to select a user name such as 'Butterfly123' or 'Mumof7' etc rather than using your own name.  
We also recommend that when posting comments, childminding ads etc, that you do not post details of your mobile phone number but rather ask respondents to PM (private message) you with their contact details. View the Schooldays.ie Privacy Policy here

Forums and public communication
"Forum" means a chat area, discussion board, bulletin board, or e-mail function offered as part of the Schooldays.ie online presence. You shall not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through the Schooldays.ie website any content which is libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. 

The forums shall be used only in a non-commercial manner. You shall not, without our express written approval, distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, promotion, advertising, or solicitation for goods or services. You specifically acknowledge that soliciting other guests to join or become members of any commercial online service or other organisation is expressly prohibited. You must also follow the house rules whenever you are using any Schooldays.ie website. 

It is our policy to respect the privacy of all guests. Therefore, in addition to the privacy of registration data (

By uploading materials to any forum or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such materials has expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.
Parents School Feedback Survey
"Forum" means a chat area, discussion board, bulletin board, or e-mail function offered as part of the Schooldays.ie online presence. You shall not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through the Schooldays.ie website any content which is libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law.The forums shall be used only in a non-commercial manner. You shall not, without our express written approval, distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, promotion, advertising, or solicitation for goods or services. You specifically acknowledge that soliciting other guests to join or become members of any commercial online service or other organisation is expressly prohibited. You must also follow the house rules whenever you are using any Schooldays.ie website.It is our policy to respect the privacy of all guests. Therefore, in addition to the privacy of registration data ( see our privacy policy ), we will not monitor, edit, or disclose the contents of a guest's e-mail unless required in the course of normal maintenance of the Schooldays.ie website and its systems or unless required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on Schooldays.ie; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Schooldays.ie; or (3) act in an emergency to protect the personal safety of our guests or the public. Guests shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages.By uploading materials to any forum or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such materials has expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.To complete the Parent Feedback survey, participants must register on the site which requires that you provide an email address and password.  This is to help prevent misuse of the site.   Details of participants email addresses will not be provided to any third party and participants in the survey are not identified in any way on the site.  On registering on the site to participate in the survey you will also have the option to participate in general discussion forums, receive updates on individual schools etc  so it is important to consider the 'username' you select when registering - i.e. it may be more appropriate to select a user name such as 'Butterfly123' or 'Mumof7' etc rather than using your own name.  

Indemnification
Members of any membership area on the Schooldays.ie website are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their password and account. Furthermore, members are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under their account and agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the providers for any liability or expense arising from such use or misuse. Members agree to immediately notify the providers of any unauthorised use of their account or any other breach of security known to them. 

Usage Restriction
Permission is granted to electronically copy and print in hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of using this site as an information resource. Any other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, such as modification, distribution or republication, without Schooldays.ie' prior written consent, is strictly prohibited. 


Discussion Boards Rules
Registration to our discussion Boards are free but if participating we do insist that you abide by the rules and policies detailed below. If you wish to proceed to register to join our discussion boards you need to read the rules below and confirm your agreement to these rules by ticking the agreement box and pressing the submit button.

Opinions expressed on the Discussion Boards are not those of Schooldays.ie and Schooldays.ie accepts no legal responsibility for their veracity and nature. Schooldays.ie may at any time, and without prior or post warning, delete messages or close discussions on forums as it feels appropriate.

Considering the real-time nature of our Discussion Boards it is impossible for us to review messages or confirm the validity of information posted. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by 

You are responsible for any content that you post or transmit on the Discussion Forums. You provide the material on the basis and in the full knowledge that it will be treated as non-confidential and non proprietary and that it may be published and used by Schooldays for any purpose.

You agree to fully indemnify Schooldays.ie in respect of any loss, damage, injury, costs and expenses arising out of any claim threatened, proceedings initiated or action brought against it in relation to material posted on the Discussion Forums by you and you agree not to make any claim in relation to the material you submit.

You warrant that the material you submit is fit for publication and use and that publication and use of the material on the Discussion Boards will not infringe the rights (including, without limitation, intellectual property rights) of or cause injury to , any third party.

Schooldays.ie reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we hold about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message posted by you.

By agreeing to these rules, you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violative of any laws.

You will not impersonate a person, business or organisation when making any submissions to this site.

Schooldays.ie reserves the right to deny access to any individual who contravenes these terms and conditions.
Disclaimer
While we make every effort to compile this website carefully and to the best of our ability, Schooldays.ie makes no warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this website. Schooldays.ie will not be liable for any loss or damage incurred as a result of relying on information contained on this website. Listings on this site shall not be taken as endorsement of any kind and it is your responsibility to satisfy yourself as to the suitability and quality of the service/product on offer. 

Any views expressed on this website by contributors are for educational purposes only and should not be regarded as a substitute for professional or medical advice. 
Amendments
Schooldays.ie reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time. Your continued use of this Site is conditioned on the terms and conditions stated at the time of your use. Please visit this page prior to using this Site to determine the current terms and conditions to which you are bound. 
Members of any membership area on the Schooldays.ie website are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their password and account. Furthermore, members are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under their account and agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the providers for any liability or expense arising from such use or misuse. Members agree to immediately notify the providers of any unauthorised use of their account or any other breach of security known to them.Permission is granted to electronically copy and print in hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of using this site as an information resource. Any other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, such as modification, distribution or republication, without Schooldays.ie' prior written consent, is strictly prohibited.Registration to our discussion Boards are free but if participating we do insist that you abide by the rules and policies detailed below. If you wish to proceed to register to join our discussion boards you need to read the rules below and confirm your agreement to these rules by ticking the agreement box and pressing the submit button.Opinions expressed on the Discussion Boards are not those of Schooldays.ie and Schooldays.ie accepts no legal responsibility for their veracity and nature. Schooldays.ie may at any time, and without prior or post warning, delete messages or close discussions on forums as it feels appropriate.Considering the real-time nature of our Discussion Boards it is impossible for us to review messages or confirm the validity of information posted. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email . We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and will make every effort to do so within areasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary.You are responsible for any content that you post or transmit on the Discussion Forums. You provide the material on the basis and in the full knowledge that it will be treated as non-confidential and non proprietary and that it may be published and used by Schooldays for any purpose.You agree to fully indemnify Schooldays.ie in respect of any loss, damage, injury, costs and expenses arising out of any claim threatened, proceedings initiated or action brought against it in relation to material posted on the Discussion Forums by you and you agree not to make any claim in relation to the material you submit.You warrant that the material you submit is fit for publication and use and that publication and use of the material on the Discussion Boards will not infringe the rights (including, without limitation, intellectual property rights) of or cause injury to , any third party.Schooldays.ie reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we hold about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message posted by you.By agreeing to these rules, you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violative of any laws.You will not impersonate a person, business or organisation when making any submissions to this site.Schooldays.ie reserves the right to deny access to any individual who contravenes these terms and conditions.While we make every effort to compile this website carefully and to the best of our ability, Schooldays.ie makes no warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this website. Schooldays.ie will not be liable for any loss or damage incurred as a result of relying on information contained on this website. Listings on this site shall not be taken as endorsement of any kind and it is your responsibility to satisfy yourself as to the suitability and quality of the service/product on offer.Any views expressed on this website by contributors are for educational purposes only and should not be regarded as a substitute for professional or medical advice.Schooldays.ie reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time. Your continued use of this Site is conditioned on the terms and conditions stated at the time of your use. Please visit this page prior to using this Site to determine the current terms and conditions to which you are bound.
View the Schooldays.ie Privacy Policy here
 