
Privacy Statement
The Farmers Journal fully respects your right to privacy as outlined under the Data Protection Act, 1988 and the Data Protection Amendment Act, 2003.Any personal information provided to the Farmers Journal via our registration process will not be provided to third parties or used in ways not in keeping with the delivery of information related to the Farmers Journal or general functions of the website.We collect some information about our users:- to enhance our service to indiviual users- to improve the performance of the website- and to sell advertising space on the website.Cookies:This website uses "cookies". A cookie is a little piece of data stored by the browser on the hard drive of your computer, at the request of our server. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. On revisiting Farmers Journal our computer server will recognise the cookie, giving us information about your last visit. We may use cookies (including flash cookies) to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your personal preferences so you do not have to re-enter them each time you connect to the Farmers Journal Website - our cookies are not available to other websites. Cookies help us to improve Farmers Journal and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:??to estimate our audience size and usage pattern; to store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise Farmers Journal according to your individual interests; and?to speed up your use of the Farmers Journal Service and searches.??You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. You are always free to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your use of the Farmers Journal Website. For information on how to control your cookies go to www.allaboutcookies.org.

