
Data Collection and Processing
Springboard+ is co-financed by the Department of Education and Skills and the European Social Fund (ESF) as part of the Programme for Employability, Inclusion and Learning (PEIL) 2014-2020. The data provided by you as part of your application for entry into Springboard will be collected, processed and retained by the HEA in accordance with its obligations under the Common Provisions Regulation (EU) 1303/2013, the European Social Fund (EU) Regulation 1304/2014, and related delegated and implementing regulations (henceforth the “ESF Regulations”). The HEA and the Department of Education and Skills are Joint Data Controllers in respect of the data you provide, and will only process that data in accordance with the GDPR and their legal obligations under the ESF Regulations referred to above. Personal data collected as part of your application will be shared with the Department of Education and Skills (DES) and the Department of Employment Affairs and Social Protection (DEASP) for the purposes of monitoring, evaluating, managing, verifying and auditing the implementation of Springboard+. Such data may also, from time to time, be shared with the Central Statistics Office (CSO), European Commission, the European Court of Auditors and/or their agents for audit and verification purposes. Data will only be retained by the Joint Data Controllers for the period required to fulfil their obligations under the ESF Regulations. Under the GDPR, data subjects have the right to request from the data controller access to their data, the right to request rectification or erasure of their data, the right to request that the processing of such data is restricted, and the right to data portability. Any such requests should be addressed to Stewart Roche, Data Protection Officer in the HEA at dataprotection@hea.ie 
Collection and processing of technical information
Technical details in
        connection with visits to this website may be logged on the SpringboardCourses.ie server
        for accounting and auditing purposes (e.g. Computer IP number). SpringboardCourses.ie will
        not disclose such technical information in respect of individual website
        visitors to any third party unless obliged to disclose such information by a
        rule of law. The technical information will be used only for statistical and
        other administrative purposes.
The technical details logged are confined to the following
        items:

the IP address of the visitor’s web server 
the type of web browser used by the website visitor. 
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org,
			.net) 
clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around
			this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded) 
the previous website address from which the visitor reached
			us, including any search terms used 

Cookies
Cookies are files which are transferred to your computer's hard disk by a website. Cookies can store information about your preferences and other information which you need 
        when you visit a website. SpringboardCourses.ie uses cookies to monitor our website traffic, to ensure better service levels and in order to provide you with certain features such as the customised 
        delivery of certain information. To prevent the use of cookies you should activate the facility which is available in most web browsers that enables a user to deny or accept cookies.
        
What is a cookie?
        Cookies are small pieces of information that are placed on your computer by a website that you visit. Cookies can store information about your preferences and other 
        information that can be read by the website on any subsequent visit by you. The information stored in a cookie relates to how you browse the website and allows the website to 
        remember you and your preferences when you return to it.
        Cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have provided such information to the website.
        More information on cookies, including how to disable cookies, can be found on  aboutcookies.org.
Types of Cookies
        Session cookies only last for the duration of your visit to the website, and are deleted when you close your browser.
        Persistent cookies remain after you have closed your browser, and allow a website to remember your actions and preferences when you return.
        
How does SpringboardCourses.ie use cookies?
        SpringboardCourses.ie uses cookies to track when you are still logged-in and store information you may have already filled in, in an application form. 
        
        It also uses cookies for analytics so it can track the number of visits to the website, the county location of that visit, the type of browser you are using etc. This information is used on an 
        aggregate, and not an individual, basis to help provide visitors with a better experience of our website.
        
        There is also a cookie set when closing the cookie notification so you do not need to close it everytime you visit the website.
        
        SpringboardCourses.ie will not personally identify visitors and will not use cookies to contact you. We are committed to respecting your privacy at all times.
        
        Cookies do not in any way compromise the security of your computer. 
        By using http://www.springboardcourses.ie/ you agree to the use of these cookies.


        

