
Privacy Statement
This statement relates to the privacy practices in relation
        to the SpringboardCourses.ie portal, hosted under the SpringboardCourses.ie domain. 
SpringboardCourses.ie is run by the Higher Education Authority (HEA).
This privacy statement covers the privacy practices of the SpringboardCourses.ie website only. Once applications are submitted to a course provider, the privacy policy of that particular course provider applies. The privacy policies of the individual course providers are available by contacting those providers.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices
        of other websites or organisations. Please consult the privacy statements of
        individual sites, in order to understand the policies and practices under which
        they operate. 
We fully respect your right to privacy, and will not collect
        any personal information about you on this website without your clear
        permission. Any personal information which you volunteer will be treated with
        the highest standards of security, confidentiality and in accordance with the
        Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.
Collection and processing of personal information
The SpringboardCourses.ie portal does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you provide.The information collected during the online application process will be used by higher education providers to assess applications and make course offers.
                The information collected during the online application process may also be used by the Higher Education Authority, the Department of Education and Skills, the Department of Social Protection, the Revenue Commission and/or other third parties to evaluate the impact and outcomes of Springboard.
        
Your personal data may also be anonymised and used for statistical purposes.
Collection and processing of technical information
Technical details in
        connection with visits to this website may be logged on the SpringboardCourses.ie server
        for accounting and auditing purposes (e.g. Computer IP number). SpringboardCourses.ie will
        not disclose such technical information in respect of individual website
        visitors to any third party unless obliged to disclose such information by a
        rule of law. The technical information will be used only for statistical and
        other administrative purposes.
The technical details logged are confined to the following
        items:

the IP address of the visitor’s web server 
the type of web browser used by the website visitor. 
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org,
			.net) 
clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around
			this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded) 
the previous website address from which the visitor reached
			us, including any search terms used 

Access and Corrections
You have a right to be
        given a copy of any of your personal data which is retained by SpringboardCourses.ie. 
        You may submit a request to support+noreply@springboardcourses.ie. SpringboardCourses.ie
        will provide you with a copy of your personal data from our database within 40
        days of receiving your request. SpringboardCourses.ie reserves the right to charge a fee
        not exceeding €6.35 for this service.
If you aware of any
        inaccuracy in the personal data you have saved on the SpringboardCourses.ie portal, please
        update your records accordingly. Under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003
        you have a right to have any inaccurate data held by us rectified. You can do
        this by directly changing the information on the SpringboardCourses.ie website. 
This Privacy Statement explains the privacy policy of the SpringboardCourses.ie
        portal. In legal terms it shall not be construed as a contractual undertaking. SpringboardCourses.ie
        personnel have the right to review and amend this Statement at any time without
        notice. You should check this page regularly to view the most up to date
        Privacy Statement. 
Cookies
Cookies are files which are transferred to your computer's hard disk by a website. Cookies can store information about your preferences and other information which you need 
        when you visit a website. SpringboardCourses.ie uses cookies to monitor our website traffic, to ensure better service levels and in order to provide you with certain features such as the customised 
        delivery of certain information. To prevent the use of cookies you should activate the facility which is available in most web browsers that enables a user to deny or accept cookies.
        
What is a cookie?
        Cookies are small pieces of information that are placed on your computer by a website that you visit. Cookies can store information about your preferences and other 
        information that can be read by the website on any subsequent visit by you. The information stored in a cookie relates to how you browse the website and allows the website to 
        remember you and your preferences when you return to it.
        Cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have provided such information to the website.
        More information on cookies, including how to disable cookies, can be found on  aboutcookies.org.
Types of Cookies
        Session cookies only last for the duration of your visit to the website, and are deleted when you close your browser.
        Persistent cookies remain after you have closed your browser, and allow a website to remember your actions and preferences when you return.
        
How does SpringboardCourses.ie use cookies?
        SpringboardCourses.ie uses cookies to track when you are still logged-in and store information you may have already filled in, in an application form. 
        
        It also uses cookies for analytics so it can track the number of visits to the website, the county location of that visit, the type of browser you are using etc. This information is used on an 
        aggregate, and not an individual, basis to help provide visitors with a better experience of our website.
        
        There is also a cookie set when closing the cookie notification so you do not need to close it everytime you visit the website.
        
        SpringboardCourses.ie will not personally identify visitors and will not use cookies to contact you. We are committed to respecting your privacy at all times.
        
        Cookies do not in any way compromise the security of your computer. 
        By using http://www.springboardcourses.ie/ you agree to the use of these cookies.


        

