NTIA's General Policy 
Introduction
Thank you for visiting the National Telecommunications and Information Administration's website and reviewing our Privacy Policy. This page explains how we handle information about you when you visit and use our site.
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you specifically and knowingly choose to provide such information to us or as described below. If you choose to provide information to us, we use it only to fulfill your request for information or services. An overview of your rights under the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, may be found at http://www.justice.gov/opcl/1974privacyact-overview.htm.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Our website automatically records website usage information that we analyze statistically to track operational problems, to prevent fraud and to improve the effectiveness, security and integrity of the site. This information does not identify you personally and we do not use this information to track or record information about individuals. We will disclose this information to third parties only in aggregate form or as may be required by law.
For the purpose of enabling better website design and a better user experience, we employ Google Analytics (a web service by Google, Inc.) to track site traffic and provide aggregate reports of how the public interacts with our website. Tier I session cookies, as detailed by OMB Memorandum M-10-22, are employed by Google Analytics in the form of client-side JavaScript code. In utilizing this analytics service, we maintain our existing standards in regards to the sharing and disclosure of information, security and privacy safeguards for the data, and the data retention policy, each described below. Google Analytics analyzes website usage information automatically upon visits to the website. Users who do not wish to have their visit information collected by Google Analytics may opt-out by downloading a browser extension or by disabling cookies in their browser settings. Opting-out of web measurements will still permit users to access the full website, with all included information and functionality.
Information That You Voluntarily Provide 
If you are interested in notifications from NTIA, we ask you to provide your email address so that we can send it to you. We do not collect, give, sell or rent any personal information to third parties for commercial marketing.
Retention of Information. 
We may retain electronically submitted information as long as necessary to respond to your request, depending on the subject matter and according to the principles of the Federal Records Act and the regulations and records schedules approved by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Computer web server logs may be preserved as long as administratively necessary.
Privacy Impact Assessments (PIA)
The purpose of a Privacy Impact Assessment is to ensure there is no collection, storage, access, use or dissemination of identifiable personal information (and for some organizations business information) that is not both needed and permitted. NTIA produces a Privacy Impact Assessment on systems that contain PII or BII.  Our assessments also  cover confidentiality, access to data, and use of data.
List of Available PIAs
A list of available Privacy Impact Assessments from NTIA
Links To Other Sites 
This site contains links to other sites and servers. NTIA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
In addition to links in the content of NTIA web pages, NTIA provides links to its Facebook and Twitter accounts through icons at the top of its webpages.  If you visit those accounts, you are subject to the privacy policy of those services.  See the NTIA linking policy at https://www.ntia.doc.gov/web-policies.
 
