Privacy policy

                    Please read our privacy policy to learn what kind of information we collect via
                    Adguard and how we store and use it afterwards.
                

General notes

                    In general, we collect no more personal information than is required in order
                    to provide full
                    functionality of our
                    products. It is never shared with any third parties. This policy lists the data that is collected
                    and the processing
                    applied to it. We take all necessary technical, administrative and physical measures to protect
                    the
                    information we
                    collect about users.
                

Data we collect when you visit our website

                    Cookies
                

                    When you visit our website, our server may place a small data file called a «cookie»
                    (sometimes called «web cookie» or «browser cookie») on your hard
                    drive.
                    Most commercial websites use cookies. By using our site you agree to the use of cookies
                    as described in this privacy policy. The data we acquire from cookies is processed
                    by various analytics tools and may be used to determine your geographic
                    location (via your IP address and automated geolocation techniques), or to acquire
                    basic information about the computer, tablet, or mobile phone that you use to visit us.
                    Geolocation data helps us to deliver content in the correct language,
                    offer region- or country-specific products, and identify your local currency in the
                    event of a purchase. Cookies can help you log in by remembering your user
                    credentials (depending on which options you select in your profile settings).
                    We may also use cookies to record your shopping cart contents and user
                    registration information. Cookies can help us identify your preferences,
                    including language and currency, for future use. Cookies usually expire within 30-60 days.
                

                    With the help of our cookies we may sometimes collect anonymous information in order
                    to improve the
                    accuracy of our
                    services. We can also use cookies to collect anonymous information regarding downloads of our
                    products from download
                    site(s); this information is used only for statistical purposes, and no personal
                    information is
                    collected or stored.
                    If you wish, you can disable cookies on your web browsing software.
                

                    Google Analytics and Yandex.Metrika
                

                    We currently use two website analytics tools: Google Analytics and Yandex.Metrika.
                    These tools help us understand the use of our site by our visitors.
                    Because Google Analytics and Yandex.Metrika both require cookies to function,
                    users who wish to avoid tracking by Google Analytics and Yandex.Metrika while
                    on our site can disable cookies on their web browsing software (see above).
                

                    News subscriptions
                

                    Our website offers news and information by subscription including newsletters, blogs, or others.
                    If you decide to subscribe to these services you may be asked to provide
                    your email address.
                

                    Contact us
                

                    If you contact us by email, we will require your email address in order to reply.
                

                    Support Center
                

                    You may join the Support Center at kb.adguard.com.
                    Certain features require registration in order to participate.
                    When you register for the Support Center you will be asked to provide
                    your full name and email address, and select a password.
                    No other information is required to register.
                    This information is not shared with other users.
                

                    Adguard Forum
                

                    You may also join the Adguard Forum at forum.adguard.com.
                    If you decide to register, you will be asked to select a username,
                    password, and physical location.
                    Disclosing your physical location is optional.
                    You will also be required to provide an email address for use in connection with
                    Adguard Forum.
                    You may allow other users to send you messages if you wish.
                    Once registered for Adguard Forum you may control your privacy settings by visiting
                    your «Profile»
                    page.
                    You can modify your settings at any time.
                

                    Adguard Account
                

                    Adguard Account (https://adguard.com/account/login.html) is a tool which permits you to
                    register multiple license using a single registration and authentication system.
                    If you choose to use Adguard Account you will be asked to provide your email
                    address.
                    You will also be asked to select a password. We may use this information for
                    purposes of
                    validating your license, providing support, delivering additional products and services,
                    and enabling you to change your Adguard Account and/or product settings.
                

                    Third-party content and sites
                

                    There may be times when we offer links to third-party sites such as Twitter,
                    Facebook, or others.
                

                    Information we collect when you download our product
                

                    You are not required to disclose any personal information
                    in order to download any of our products.
                

                    Information we collect when you purchase Adguard for Windows
                

                    When you pay for Adguard for Windows product the billing is generally handled by a third-party
                    service provider.
                    In most cases the service provider is acting as our reseller; thus, you will be making
                    your purchase
                    from the
                    service provider directly, and not from Adguard. The handling of your personal information will
                    be
                    governed by
                    any privacy policy or terms of service published by the service provider.
                

                    We save the information you enter on the order page. This information can be used in the
                    future if
                    you
                    request your license key to be recovered.
                

                    The third-party service provider may transmit some of your personal information to us, but
                    not
                    including payment
                    information, unless you specifically agree (as may be the case in the event of a purchase
                    with
                    auto-renewal).
                    We may use the information we receive (not including payment information) to verify
                    your
                    registration or
                    license status, to contact you about the status of your account, or for renewal of your
                    subscription, if applicable.
                

Information we collect when you use Adguard for Windows

                    License check
                

                    Adguard connects to its servers to validate your license status.
                    When it happens, the following information is sent:
                

Application identifier.
Adguard version.
A short hash value identifying the computer’s configuration.
The computer’s name.
The computer’s IP address.
Your license key.


                    Ad Blocker filters updates check
                

                    Adguard connects to its servers to check ad blocker filters updates.
                    When it happens, the following information is sent:
                

Ad blocker filters identifiers.
Application identifier.
Current ad blocker filters versions.


                    Browsing Security database updates check
                

                    Adguard uses Safebrowsing
                    Protocol v2
                    to check browsing security database updates.
                    It exchanges data with the server using hashed URLs so the server never
                    knows the actual URLs queried by the clients.
                    
                    Adguard connects to Adguard servers to check our filters updates.
                    We do not store any data received this way.
                
Parental Control
When you use Parental Control, Adguard receives information about addresses of websites you visit. This information is
                    not stored anywhere and is not used in any way other than to tell if the website is from the
                    parental control blacklist.

                    Contact the support service
                

                    When you contact the support service via the «Support» section,
                    the following information is sent along with your message
                    and the email you’ve entered:
                

Application identifier.
Application version.
Your Windows version.
Version of Microsoft .NET Framework installed on your computer.
The list of installed Layered Service Providers.
The list of enabled Ad Blocker filters.
The program license key.


                    If you enabled the «Send system report» option,
                    the program will also send additional data for the troubleshooting:
                

A list of active processes.
A list of user’s network interfaces.
Contents of the WinSock catalog. Detailed information about installed Layered Service
                        Providers.
                    
Contents of Adguard’s log file containing a list of errors that occurred
                        since the previous
                        start of the
                        program.
                    


                    Browsing Security community
                

                    If you enable the «Take part in the development of a browsing security
                    option»,
                    the program will periodically send anonymous security-related data:
                

URLs of visited websites that Adguard identifies as potentially untrustworthy.
Information on the nature of identified threats


                    The information described above, when collected by the Adguard for Windows,
                    is generally not correlated with any other personal information related
                    to you and is used anonymously in aggregation with similar
                    information from other users of the Adguard software for analytical purposes.
                

Information we collect when you use Adguard for Mac
License check
Adguard connects to its servers to validate license status. When it happens, the following
                    information is sent:
                

Application identifier.
Adguard version.
Your license key.
Mac address.
Your computer’s name.
Your computer’s serial number.

Ad filters updates check
Adguard connects to its servers to check ad filters updates. When it happens, the
                    following information is sent:

Ad filters identifiers.
Application identifier.

Browsing security websites check.

                    If you have ’Browsing Security’ option enabled, Adguard checks every website before
                    you visit it. We use Lookup API technology for this purpose, and the information about
                    visited website is sent in form of hash prefixes. This doesn’t allow us to determine
                    which website is being visited.
                
Contact the support service
When you contact the support service via the «Support» section, the following information
                    is sent along with your message and the email you’ve entered:

Application identifier.
Application version.
Application network settings.
OS X installed on your computer version.
List of ad filters you are subscribed to;
If an ’Include a diagnostic report’ option is enabled, Adguard log
                        file contents (program messages like errors and warnings) are sent additionally.
                    


Information we collect when you use Adguard for Android

                    License check
                

                    Adguard connects to its servers to validate your license status. When it happens,
                    the following information is sent:
                

Application identifier.
Application version.
Device name (which includes both device manufacturer name and device model name).
Device IP address.
Your license key.
Amazon purchase ID (if any).


                    Ad Blocker filters updates check
                

                    Adguard extension connects to its servers to check ad blocker filters updates.
                    When it happens, the following information is sent:
                

Ad blocker filters identifiers.
Current ad blocker filters versions.


                    Browsing Security site check
                

                    If you enable «Phishing and malware protection» option, Adguard application checks
                    every web site before you visit it. We use Lookup API technology for this purpose, and the
                    information about visited website is sent in form of hash prefixes. This doesn’t
                    allow us to determine which website is being visited.
                
When browsing security is enabled, Adguard periodically does a latency check for the list
                    of browsing security servers; no information is being sent in these requests,
                    though.


                    Browsing Security community
                

                    If you enable the «Help us in Browsing Security development» setting,
                    the program will periodically send anonymous security-related data:
                

URLs of visited websites that Adguard identifies as potentially untrustworthy (access to which are blocked by the "Browsing Security" module).
Information on the nature of identified threats.


                    The information described above, when collected by the Adguard for Android,
                    is generally not correlated with any other personal information related
                    to you and is used anonymously in aggregation with similar
                    information from other users of the Adguard software for analytical purposes.
                
                Send feedback
                

                When you contact the support service via the «Send Feedback» section, the following
                    information is sent along with your message and the email you’ve entered:

Application identifier.
Application version.
Device name (which includes both device manufacturer name and device model name).
Android version.
Android kernel version.
The list of enabled Ad Blocker filters.
Configuration of your application.


                    If you enabled the «Send system report» option,
                    the program will also send additional data for the troubleshooting:
                

A list of application threads and their stack traces.
Log file contents.


Information we collect when you use Adguard for iOS

                    When the program checks for filters updates:
                

                    Adguard connects to its servers to check filters updates. When it happens, the
                    following information is sent:
                
An alphanumeric string that uniquely identifies a device to the app’s
                    vendor.
When you contact the support service:
When you contact the support service via the «Contact support» section, the following
                    information is sent along with your message and the email you’ve entered:

Program log.
json-file created by program that contains rules for Safari.
An alphanumeric string that uniquely identifies a device to the app’s
                        vendor.
                    
List of filers being used.
Application and OS versions.
Device model.
Chosen Locale and Region.


Information we collect when you use Adguard DNS

                    When you use Adguard DNS browser sends the following information to our server:
                

IP-address.
DNS request containing domain name.


                    We, in our turn, do not log or save any information. Since no information is being
                    saved, nothing is sent to third parties.
                

Information we collect when you use Adguard Content Blocker
When you check for filters update

App version.
The list of enabled filters and their versions.

When you send a message to support

E-mail address.
App version.
The list of enabled filters and their versions.


Information we collect when you use Adguard browser extensions

                    Adguard extension installation or update.
                

                    Adguard extension connects to its server just after installation or update.
                    When it happens, the following information is sent:
                

Unique extension ID.
Extension version.
Browser language.
«Show acceptable ads» setting value.


                    We do this with a single purpose: to know the number of unique
                    installations of our extension.
                    This information is stored for 24 hours and then it is deleted.
                

                    Also Adguard makes a request to our server in order to get user's country code.
                    The only purpose of this is to enable proper language-specific filter.
                

                    Ad Blocker filters updates check
                

                    Adguard extension connects to its servers to check ad blocker filters updates.
                    When it happens, the following information is sent:
                

Ad blocker filters identifiers.
Current ad blocker filters versions.
Browser extension type.
Extension version.


                    Browsing Security site check
                

                    If you enable «Phishing and malware protection» option, Adguard extension checks
                    every web site before you visit it. We use Lookup API technology for this purpose, and the
                    information about visited website is sent in form of hash prefixes. This doesn’t
                    allow us to determine which website is being visited.
                

                    Statistics for ad filters usage
                

                    If you enable the «Send statistics for ad filters usage» option,
                    the following information is sent periodically:
                

Extension version.
Browser type (Chrome/Firefox/Opera/Yandex.Browser/Safari).
List of enabled ad filters.

                        The list that consists of the following elements:
                        
The domain name of the website,
                        
The number of recent page views,
                        
The list of filtering rules and Filter ID which were activated on this website,
                        
The domain name of blocked requests is sent for URL rules


                            The list is created based on the website's visit statistics since the last time statistical
                            data was sent.
                        



                    By gathering statistics on used filtering rules, we can detect and remove
                    the rules that are no longer used.
                    As a result, it will help all those who use Adguard.
                

                    Browsing Security community
                

                    If you enabled the «Help us in Browsing security filters development»,
                    the program will periodically send anonymous security-related data:
                

URLs of visited websites that Adguard identifies as potentially untrustworthy.
Information on the nature of identified threats.
Browser language.


                    Complaint on some web page
                

                    When you send a complaint on some web page, the following information is sent:
                

Web page address.
Selected complaint type.
User's comment.


Storage, Retention, and Deletion of Personal Information

                    Storage
                

                    Personally identifiable information on our servers is only accessible
                    from our physical premises, or via an encrypted virtual private network (VPN).
                    Access is limited to authorized personnel only, and company networks
                    are password protected, and subject to additional policies and procedures for security.
                

                    Deletion of personal information
                

                    In general, our policy is to keep personal information for no longer than
                    reasonably necessary in light of the purpose for which the information
                    was collected, plus any additional period that is permitted or required
                    by law thereafter. Following the expiration of the purpose for which
                    we collected personal information plus any additional period that
                    is permitted or required by law, we will either delete or de-identify
                    the information from our systems.
                

Information Security

                    Under no circumstances shall we disclose the information we collect about users to a third
                    party (except when required by law or if we obtain your permission).
                

                    Personal data we collect are stored on specially protected servers.
                    Access is restricted to a limited number of authorized persons who need the
                    access in order to administer our websites or ensure their proper functionality,
                    especially with regard to technical support.
                

                    If you have a disagreement with us relating to our handling of your
                    personal information,
                    we ask that you contact us to work it out. We are always happy to hear
                    from you, and we promise
                    to try our best to respond to any concerns you may have.
                
