
 

PRIVACY POLICY
                                Bin Zayed Group LLC has created this privacy policy 
                                (the "Site Policy") to demonstrate our 
                                commitment to the privacy of our website visitors 
                                and the right of privacy throughout the Internet. 
                                Privacy on this Bin Zayed Group LLC website (the 
                                "Site") is of great importance to us. 
                                Because we gather important information from visitors 
                                to our Site, we have established this policy as 
                                a means to communicate our information gathering 
                                and dissemination practices. Bin Zayed Group LLC 
                                will treat your personal information in accordance 
                                with the privacy statement in place at the time 
                                of collection of such information, or as you otherwise 
                                consent. By using this Site, you are agreeing 
                                to the terms of the Site Policy. We reserve the 
                                right to change the Site Policy. It is the responsibility 
                                of the website visitor to visit this page to learn 
                                about any updates/changes to the policy.

COLLECTED INFORMATION

Anonymous Information
                                You can visit the Site to read information about 
                                our company, products, and services without telling 
                                us who you are and without revealing any personal 
                                information. To improve the usefulness of our 
                                site, Bin Zayed Group LLC measures and analyzes 
                                non-identifying, aggregate usage, and volume statistical 
                                information from Site visitors in order to administer 
                                our Site, and to constantly improve the quality 
                                of our service and site performance.

                                Information gathered may include, but is not limited 
                                to, the following: the activity of the Site visitor’s 
                                browser when the visitor is viewing the Site; 
                                the site path of visitors; and the time visitors 
                                come to the Site. Bin Zayed Group LLC reserves 
                                the right to publish anonymous, aggregate summary 
                                information regarding its Site visitors for promotional 
                                purposes and as a representative audience for 
                                advertisers. Please note that this is not personal 
                                information, only general summaries of our visitors’ 
                                usage of the Site.

Personally Identifiable Information
                                You may wish to request information about products 
                                and services or to request to be contacted. To 
                                facilitate the distribution of this content, you 
                                are asked to provide information, such as, but 
                                not limited to, name, company, title, phone number, 
                                e-mail address, site name, URL, and address. Based 
                                on your request, Bin Zayed Group LLC may also 
                                ask for additional information, such as the number 
                                of members in your household, and how you heard 
                                about us. This is information is provided by you 
                                on a voluntary basis only and is not required 
                                by us in order for you to use and enjoy our Site.

Information Use and Disclosure
                                Bin Zayed Group LLC uses the information that 
                                we collect on the Site to contact you when requested 
                                in order to further discuss your interest in our 
                                company, our services, and to send information 
                                regarding our company or partners, such as marketing 
                                promotions and events. This information may also 
                                be used to improve the services we provide you. 
                                The information is collected and stored in a manner 
                                that is appropriate for the nature of the data 
                                that we collect, and the need to fulfill your 
                                request. This information is not provided to third 
                                parties for their own use, unless specifically 
                                authorized by you.

COOKIES AND CLEAR GIFS
What Are Cookies
                                Cookies are files that Web servers place on an 
                                Internet user’s computer that are designed 
                                to store basic information (such as visitor preferences). 
                                The use of cookies on this Site allows visitors 
                                to enjoy more seamless visits and more accurately 
                                measures visitor behavior on the Site. There are 
                                two types of
                                cookies: session and persistent. Session cookies 
                                exist only during an Internet user’s online 
                                session. They disappear from the user’s 
                                computer when he/she closes the browser software. 
                                Persistent cookies remain on the user’s 
                                computer after the browser has been closed. The 
                                cookies used on the Site do not identify you personally. 
                                They merely recognize your browser, unless you 
                                choose to identify yourself voluntarily. You may 
                                choose to identify yourself for any one of the 
                                following reasons: by asking the browser to remember 
                                your username and password, by responding to a 
                                promotional offer, or by personalizing a web page 
                                or requesting more information on a product or 
                                service. Otherwise you remain anonymous.

How We Use Cookies
                                When you interact with the Site, we strive to 
                                make that experience easy and meaningful. When 
                                you come to our Site, our web server uses cookies 
                                to improve your interaction with the Site by, 
                                for example, remembering your preferences. More 
                                specifically, Bin Zayed Group LLC uses cookies 
                                to measure your behavior on this Site and to save 
                                personal settings on specific pages. For our customers 
                                who login to the Bin Zayed Group LLC portal, cookies 
                                can also be used to save the username and password 
                                so that Bin Zayed Group LLC can process the saved 
                                login information and quickly log that user in. 
                                Cookies also help us make sure you are who you 
                                say you are after you've logged in. Bin Zayed 
                                Group LLC uses cookies (that only Bin Zayed Group 
                                LLC can read and use) to identify the fact that 
                                you are a Bin Zayed Group LLC customer or a prior 
                                Site visitor (whatever the case may be). Users 
                                who disable their Web browsers' ability to accept 
                                cookies will still be able to browse the Site; 
                                however, they may lose some of the functionality 
                                provided by the use of cookies.

Controlling Our Use of Cookies
                                You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. 
                                Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, 
                                but you can usually modify your browser setting 
                                to decline cookies if you prefer. If you are using 
                                a public computer or do not otherwise want this 
                                information to be stored, you can select the appropriate 
                                radio button on the sign-in page, and this cookie 
                                will not be used. If you choose to decline cookies, 
                                you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive 
                                features of Bin Zayed Group LLC web sites and 
                                services that depend on cookies.

What are Clear Gifs?
                                Clear gifs (also known as web beacons) are used 
                                in combination with cookies to help Site operators 
                                understand how visitors interact with their websites. 
                                A clear gif is typically a transparent graphic 
                                image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed 
                                on a site. The use of a clear gif allows the Site 
                                to measure the actions of the visitor opening 
                                the page that contains the clear gif.

How We Use Clear Gifs
                                We utilize clear gifs to measure visitor behavior, 
                                to help us improve visitor experience, and to 
                                manage site content. We may use clear gifs on 
                                this Site, in our e-mails, in our advertisements 
                                on other web sites, or in our advertisements in 
                                others' e-mails.

THIRD PARTY SITES
                                The Site may contain links to other non-Bin Zayed 
                                websites. Bin Zayed Group LLC is not responsible 
                                for the privacy practices or the content of these 
                                other websites. Customers and/or visitors should 
                                check the privacy policy statements of these other 
                                websites to understand their policies. Customers 
                                and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing 
                                their private information. It is the responsibility 
                                of the user to keep such information private and 
                                confidential.

POLICY DATE
                                This policy was updated on September 16, 2008. 
                              
 

