
Privacy Policy

	1. Scope
The Privacy Policy is applicable to personal data of subscribers and visitors of the website operated by Classic Driver (Schweiz) AG, Schaffhauserstrasse 210, 8057 Zürich, Schweiz („Classic Driver“).

	2. General
Classic Driver complies with all the legal provisions of data protection. All protected personal data collected during registration or generated during the use of our service that are subject to the protections of the Swiss Data Protection Act will be collected, stored and used exclusively for the purpose of contract fulfillment, market research as well as billing purposes to the extent that the subscriber has not given express consent to a use going beyond this, or if the Data Protection Act allows it.

	3. Types of Data Being Processed
Classic Driver processes the subscriber’s contact data (e.g., name, address), data about services obtained (e.g., when a certain ad was published and which dealer’s package was booked), payment data, data of advertisements (e.g., texts, pictures), as well as surfing data (e.g., which browser is used by a visitor of the website and which elements of the website he used).

	4. Processing of Data by Third Parties and Outside of Switzerland
Classic Driver may have data processed by third parties and outside of Switzerland.

	5. Analytic Tools
Classic Driver uses third party services to analyze surfing behavior of its website visitors. Those third parties may process the surfing data visitors create on our website. Data collected this way is being transferred anonymously to servers of those third parties, also outside Switzerland, in particular to the U.S.A.

	6. Social Media Plugins
The website integrates functions (so called plugins) of various third party operators of social media platforms (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Google+). Those plugins allow visitors to share content in social networks.
If a plugin appears while surfing on the Classic Driver website (e.g., the Facebook “like” button), a connection to the servers of the corresponding operator is automatically established. In this case data about the visit to the Classic Driver website may be transferred to this third party operator. If the visitor is logged into the network of the third party operator at the same time, the data can be assigned to the visitor’s social network account (e.g., the Facebook account).
Classic Driver cannot influence the way this data is transmitted. Please refer to the contractual data protection clauses of your social network operator to find out more about the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further distribution and use of the data by your operator, as well as about the possibilities the operator grants you to protect your privacy.

	7. Cookies
Classic Driver uses cookies. Cookies are data packages which are being sent by the Classic Driver webserver to the browser of the subscriber or user, saved on such browser’s computer, and can be recalled by the webserver once the subscriber or user revisit the Classic Driver website. Cookies save information about the subscriber’s or user’s online preferences and allow Classic Driver to improve user experience.
The subscriber or user can delete cookies at any time in his browser and deactivate the storage of cookies on his computer thereafter. However, the deactivation of cookies may impair the functionality of the website of Classic Driver.

	8. Financial Standing
Classic Driver may process data about the financial standing of its subscribers if needed.

	9. Data Security and Back-Up
Classic Driver will take the financially reasonable, technically possible and proportional measures to secure data and information that the subscriber transfers to the website (e.g., texts, pictures). Classic Driver, however, accepts no liability of any kind for the security of the subscriber’s data. It is the subscribers’ sole responsibility to store a current back-up copy of the data transferred and store it independently from the website.
