Welcome to Shopify!
This Privacy Policy was written to help you better understand how we
collect, use and store your information. Since technology and
privacy laws are always changing, we may occasionally update this
policy. If you are a Merchant and a significant change is made to
this Privacy Policy, we will be sure to post anotice in your account
admin. If you are not a Merchant, please review this Privacy Policy
page at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy from time to time for
updates. If you continue to use Shopify after these changes are
posted, you agree to the revised policy.
By using any of the products or services offered by Shopify
(together, the “Services”), or dealing with a merchant using
Shopify’s Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy
Policy and, as applicable, the Shopify Terms of Service.
This Privacy Policy is a legally binding agreement between you (and
your client, employer or another entity if you are acting on their
behalf) as the user of the Services (referred to in this Privacy
Policy as “you” or “your”) and Shopify Inc. and its affiliates,
including Shopify Data Processing (USA) Inc., Shopify Payments (USA)
Inc., and Shopify (USA) Inc. (referred to in this Privacy Policy as
“we”, “our”, “us” or “Shopify”). If we add any new features or tools
to our Services, they will also be subject to this policy.
When we use the term “Personal Information” in this policy, it means
any information related to an identifiable individual, but does not
include the name, title, business address, or telephone number of an
employee of an organization.
We will keep your Personal Information accurate, complete and
up-to-date with the information that you provide to us. If you
request access to your Personal Information, we will inform you of
the existence, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as
allowed by law, and provide you access to that information. We will
always ask for your consent before using your Personal Information
for a purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may be available in languages other than English.
To the extent of any inconsistencies or conflicts between this
English Privacy Policy and our Privacy Policy available in another
language, the most current English version of the Privacy Policy at
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy will prevail.
