 Privacy Policy  KM Media Group Limited (we, us, our) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms and Conditions and any other documents referred to) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us via the following websites(the Websites) will be processed by us:   Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By using our Websites and/or submitting personal information to us, you consent to the use of your personal information being collected and processed in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Who we are The Websites are operated by KM Media Group Limited, with registered company number 8528676, and our registered address is: Medway House Ginsbury Close Sir Thomas Longley Road Medway City Est Strood Rochester Kent ME2 4DU What information do we collect? We may collect and process the following data about you:   information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Websites, subscribing to newsletters, entering competitions, posting material, raising general enquiries or requesting further services;  certain information when you report a problem with our Websites or regarding the services provided by us;  details of any correspondence in the event that you contact us;  survey information, which is used for research purposes, although you do not have to participate in them; and/or  details of your visits to our Websites including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.   Whilst you can access the Websites and browse through certain parts of the Websites without disclosing personal information, if you wish to use certain services offered on some of the Websites or obtain certain information made available by us, you may be required to share the above information with us. If you choose not to provide the information and permissions requested, you may not be able to use the service that has been offered or obtain the information you seek.  Additionally, where you have registered and/or logged in to our Websites using social media accounts such as Facebook and Twitter, we may capture certain information in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable service provider.  With regard to each of your visits to our Websites we may also automatically collect technical information about your visit.  We may collect this information for system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers or otherwise in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.  Cookies Our Websites uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Websites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Websites and also allows us to improve our Websites. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our  Cookie Policy  Where We Store Your Personal Data The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Newsletters You may choose to opt in to receiving our newsletter via our Websites and/or you may be automatically added to our newsletter subscription when you enter competitions via our Websites. If you subscribe to our newsletter you will receive related newsletters from us via email to your registered email address.  In order to unsubscribe from our newsletter please select the “unsubscribe” option in your welcome email (or any subsequent newsletter emails). Please note this is an automated service and as such we cannot be responsible for any errors which may occur in submitting your unsubscription request. Please use the Contact Us page if you require any assistance with unsubscribing from our newsletter.  Security Whilst we have implemented certain technical and organisational measures to protect personal information submitted via our Websites from unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss or destruction or damage, unfortunately the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Websites; any transmission is at your own risk.  All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You must not share your password with anyone. Our Websites contain links to other sites operated independently of KM Media Group Limited by third parties, which provide information and/or services and which are not covered by this Privacy Policy.We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the site in question.  Use of Personal Information Information you provide. This information may be used:   to carry out our obligations arising from the contracts entered into between us and to provide you with information, products and/or the services that you request from us;  to provide you with information about other products and/or services we offer that are similar to those that you have already enquired about;  to notify you about changes to our Websites and/or services;  to ensure that content from our Websites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer (or device); and /or  for internal record keeping.   We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by email with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by post or email, only if you have consented to this.  Information collected about you. This information may be used:   to administer our Websites and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;  as part of our efforts to keep our Websites safe and secure; and/or  to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Websites about services that may interest you or them.   Information received from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.This information may be combined with information you give to us and information collected about you. This information, and the combined information, may be used for the purposes set out above and below (depending on the types of information received).  Your information may be shared with selected third parties, including:   our analytics and search engine providers who assist in the improvement and optimisation of our Websites; and/or  our business partners or suppliers, for the performance of any contract entered into with you and in order to provide you with our products and/or services.   Your personal information may be disclosed to other third parties:   in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case your personal data may be disclosed to the prospective buyer or seller of such business or assets;  if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about our users may be one of the transferred assets;  if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use; or  otherwise in accordance with this Privacy Policy.   Your Rights You are entitled to change, update, amend and delete any personal information that you have provided to us. Please keep in mind that this may mean you are unable to access and use certain services and information provided on the Websites. If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, please use the Contact Us page.  You also have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You will usually be informed (before your data is collected) if your data will be used for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by getting in touch via the Contact Us page.  The Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act) gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information held about you.  Changes to Our Privacy Policy  Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page.  Please use the Contact Us page to submit any questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy.  