7.3 International transfers outside of EEAOur Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.8 Legal rightsUnder certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. We set out below a brief description of such rights:8.1 Right to access your personal dataThis enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.8.2 Right to correct your personal dataThis enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.8.3 Right to erase your personal dataThis enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.8.4 Right to object to processing of your personal dataWhere we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms8.5 Right to restrict the processing of your personal dataThis enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; or (b) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it8.6 Right to request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third partyWe will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.8.7 Right to withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal dataThis will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consentIf you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us through privacy@coolgames.com.8.8 CostsYou will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.8.9 Information requiredWe may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.8.10 Response timeWe try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests, in which case we will inform you of an extension period. In this case, we will keep you informed on progress.9. Policy updatesWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in technology, legislation, our operations, or as we otherwise determine is necessary or appropriate. Any such changes will become effective when we make the revised policy available on our website. We encourage you to review the date above frequently to ensure you are aware of when our policy was last revised, and to help you better understand the nature of your interactions with us.This document has been updated on May 25th, 2018