
Privacy Charter regarding the website
POST Luxembourg and POST Telecom use their best endeavour to respect your privacy while you visit this website and understand just how important this is to you. To this end, we do our utmost to respect your privacy in connection with your use of this site.
Collection and use of personal data
This website collects personal data at various points. Such data may be collected, for example, via electronic forms that you have to fill in when you order a product or a service offered via the website, sign up to a newsletter, request information or participate in a survey or competition.
The personal data that you provide via such channels is stored in files held by POST Luxembourg, which shall be regarded as responsible for processing the data for postal and financial postal services. POST Telecom shall be regarded as responsible for processing de data for telecommunications services.
This data shall be used only to the extent specified when collected, in order to provide you with the service or information requested, to improve the quality of our services or to inform you about other POST Luxembourg products, services and offers. It shall not be stored beyond the legally permitted period required for this purpose. We may combine the data collected with our data on your use of other POST Luxembourg services in order to make you offers which better suit your requirements. We may also share this data as well as your identification data with subsidiaries and/or partners of POST Luxembourg in order to keep you abreast of the products and services offered by the entities affiliated to POST Luxembourg. We shall always seek your consent, via this website, to receive marketing information from POST Luxembourg, and/or POST Telecom, and/or their partners.
We shall take all necessary measures to ensure that the personal data we hold about you is processed honestly and lawfully. We shall also take all necessary steps to implement and comply with this Privacy Charter. The personal data we collect shall not, in any circumstance, be passed on to third parties outside POST Luxembourg and/or its subsidiaries and partners without your consent, unless express provision is made to the contrary or for purposes of sub-contracting all or part of the services, to meet legal obligations, or with a view to the prevention, investigation or detection of criminal offences.
All of our employees and sub-contractors who have access to personal data shall be obliged keep your personal data confidential and secure. They shall have access only to the data they require in order to perform their task.
Right of access and rectification
You have the right to access and rectify your personal data. Under these rights, you may send a signed and dated request to the General Management of POST Luxembourg, postal address L-2020 Luxembourg, and /or POST Telecom, 1 rue Emile Bian, L-2996 Luxembourg. In the event of uncertainty regarding your identity, POST Luxembourg and /or POST Telecom reserves the right to carry out the necessary checks. We shall adapt your data as soon as possible on the basis of your request, in line with the information you send us. You also have the right to request the deletion of your data, the consequence being that the service in question may no longer be provided.
Security
We take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data collected when using this site against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, amendment or destruction. Please note that Internet connections are never 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mails sent to or from this site may be corrupted. You should therefore take care when choosing the information you send us by e-mail. Furthermore, when you use passwords, ID numbers or other means of access on this site, it shall be incumbent upon you to protect them.
Property
All of the content (photos, text, videos, etc.) available on the website, as well as the services offered, are the exclusive property of POST Luxembourg and/or its partners. You may not reproduce, represent, market or use this content unless in circumstances permitted by law or duly authorised by POST Luxembourg.
Cookies and connection data
This website makes use of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and cookies. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your internet service provider, giving you access to the internet. Cookies are small files created by a website which are then placed on your computer's hard drive. Cookies used by this website aim solely to ensure that you find this site as easy as possible to use. "Google analytics" cookies simply gather anonymous connection data recording web traffic. You may deactivate these cookies at any time; however, please be aware that the site may run at sub-optimal levels if you choose to do so.
External links
This website may feature links to websites which are not managed by POST Luxembourg and/or POST Telecom. These external links are for information purposes only. If you visit these websites, we recommend that you read their respective privacy policies carefully. We may not be held responsible for the confidentiality policies or content of these websites, or for the practices of their administrators.
Your consent
By using this website, you accept the provisions of this Privacy Charter. When sending information via this site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data pursuant to this Charter.
Amendments
POST Luxembourg reserves the right to amend this Charter. You consent to be bound by such amendments and should thus visit this page periodically so as to be aware of the provisions to which you are bound.

This text is a free English translation of the French version, and exists for customer information purposes only. In case of any discrepancies or contradictions between this English translation en the French Version, the text of the latter shall prevail.


