

Charter on the respect of privacy
POST Luxembourg and POST Telecom (hereinafter referred to as “POST”), in their capacity of Data Controller, place great importance on the respect of your privacy when you visit this website and are aware of how important this is to you. Consequently, we do our utmost, notably by processing your data in the strict respect of laws and regulations applicable in matters of personal data protection, to ensure that you can confidently use the services offered by this website. 
Personal data collection and use
POST collects personal data in various places when you are browsing this website. This data may be collected, for instance, via e-Forms that you are required to fill in when you order a product or service proposed via the website, when you subscribe to a newsletter, when you request information or take part in a survey or a contest. POST takes care to only collect the data necessary for supplying the services that you wish to use. Personal data communicated by you via these channels is used by POST for the following purposes: 

to provide you with the service or requested information;
to improve the quality of the proposed services;
to inform you on other products, services and offers;
to propose offers that best meet your needs;
to manage your participation in any surveys or contests.

Depending on the intended purpose, we may process the following categories of personal data:

Basic identifying data (surname, forenames, postal address, phone number, identity document, etc.);
Data relating to personal characteristics (nationality, family situation, age, household composition, profession, etc.);
 Electronic identifying data (email address, IP address, login/password, cookies, etc.).

There are legal grounds for processing your personal data for each of the intended purposes listed above:

for the reason that a contract needs to be concluded between POST and you, or to implement pre-contractual measures taken at your request;
for the reason that it is necessary for the respect of a legal obligation of POST;
on your consent;
for a reason that is recognised as legitimate for POST (prevention of fraud, etc.).

POST ensures that your personal data is processed in a manner entirely compatible with the intended purposes listed above and that it is not stored for a period exceeding that legally admissible and required for these intended purposes.
The personal data collected is not, under any circumstances, communicated to third parties outside the group of companies affiliated to POST and/or its partners without your consent, unless express stipulation, or to allow subcontractors to perform all or part of the services, to respect legal obligations, or to prevent, search for or detect criminal offences. POST ensures that any transmission of your personal data to authorised third parties does not generate a transfer of your personal data to a third country located outside the European Union.
Your consent to receive communications linked to commercial prospecting by POST and/or its partners will always be requested. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time in order to no longer receive these communications.
Security of personal data
POST implements appropriate, reasonable security measures regarding identified risks in order to protect your personal data against destruction, loss, modification, disclosure or access without authorisation and any other form of illegal processing.
All POST employees and subcontractors who have access to your personal data are bound to strict confidentiality and the respect of the security of your personal data. They only have access to the data that they need to perform their task.  
Your rights
Insofar as POST processes your personal data, you have at any time the following rights:

to request access to the data that we hold concerning you;
to request its rectification if it is inaccurate or incomplete, and its deletion if it is obsolete;
if the prior conditions are met, to request that the processing of your personal data be limited or that the said data should be definitively deleted (right to be forgotten);
to request to receive the personal data that you provided for POST, in a structured format and to transmit this data to another data controller, unless this right negatively affects the rights and freedoms of third parties;
to object the processing of your personal data for a legitimate reason, except in the cases provided for by law;
to request not to be the subject of a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, producing legal effects concerning you or significantly affecting you in a similar way. 

You can exercise these rights by contacting us:

by letter sent to: POST Luxembourg – DPO, 20 rue de Reims, L-2417 Luxembourg
by email to the following address: privacy@post.lu

To allow us to meet your request and avoid any misuse of identity, a recto-verso copy of a valid identity document must be attached to your letter. We undertake to reply within one month of receipt of your duly completed request.
For further information on the exercise of your rights, you may contact the DPO of POST at the following address: privacy@post.lu
Finally, you may send your complaints to the Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données (CNPD - National Commission for Data Protection) via their website: www.cnpd.lu 


The use of cookies 
What is a “cookie”?
A “cookie” is a small file, generally comprised of letters and numbers, recorded on your terminal (PC, tablet or smartphone) via the web browser you use (Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Apple Safari, Opera, etc.). Some “cookies” are generated directly by the websites you visit. Others, called “third-party cookies”, are generated by partners of this website (social networks, advertising agencies, etc.).
What is a “cookie” used for?
Most cookies store technical information concerning your browsing of the website (language settings, screen size and resolution, connection time, pages visited, IP address, etc.) to enable this website to “recognise” your device.
They are generally necessary to the satisfactory operation of the website (to save your session, your shopping basket, to remember your favourites, etc.), but are also used to analyse your browsing behaviour on the website, to optimise your customer experience and to present personalised content such as articles, offers, search suggestions or targeted advertising corresponding to your preferences.
We would like to draw your attention to the fact that sharing the use of your terminal with other people may modify the personalised nature of the actions related to the cookies we use, and consequently their effectiveness with regard to your personal preferences.
How does POST use the “cookies”?
Our website uses various types of cookies to better adapt the way it operates when interacting with your user profile. Four types of cookies are used by our website:

Cookies strictly necessary to the use of the service:  they make it possible to use the website’s main features, such as remembering your terminal’s display preferences (language, display settings) according to the graphical configuration, the type of terminal and the software you use for visualisation or reading purposes (type of web browser), enabling us to take account of these for your subsequent visits. They also enable us to link the various pages viewed by you to ensure a fluid browsing experience. Finally, they make it possible to manage your user session based on your identification, and also the content of your shopping cart, where applicable.
Cookies for audience measurement and statistical purposes:  these enable us to establish statistics and data concerning the visitor numbers and the use of the various pages comprising the website (number of visits, number of page views, your navigation route through the site, the links you choose, how often you come back, etc.). This information helps us perform studies in order to adapt the website content to your needs or to detect any problems and improve our service quality. In particular, POST uses cookies of this type via the third-party “Google Analytics” solution.
Commercial cookies:  these may be placed in your terminal to identify your preferences and interests, and the products consulted or purchased on our website, with the aim of customising the range of advertising shown to you. In particular, POST uses cookies of this type via the third-party “Google Adwords” solution.
Social networking cookies:  In order to improve the interactive nature of our website, we use services proposed by third-party websites. These services use cookies when you interact with them. Among others these include buttons to share opinions on the social networks (Facebook “likes”, Google “+1”), buttons to share content on the social networks (Facebook, LinkedIn, Google Plus) and videos displayed on the website (Youtube). In particular, POST uses the third-party Facebook Pixel solution.

How can you manage your cookie-related preferences?
When you land on the homepage of our website, you will be informed of the use of cookies by a dedicated information banner. You are then invited to accept the recording of all cookies incorporated within the pages you visit on our website, or to modify your preferences concerning the recording of cookies.
Although most web browsers are automatically configured to accept cookies by default, accepting them is not compulsory. You may choose to accept the recording of cookies on your terminal and change this decision at any time by modifying your web browser’s settings. You can also ask your browser to warn you when a website tries to run a cookie on your terminal and to accept only cookies from certain websites thanks to settings provided by your browser.
However, POST cannot guarantee access to all of the services available on its website or the optimal operation of this website if the recording of cookies has been declined. By continuing your navigation of our website you agree to the recording of cookies on your terminal.
To change the way cookies are managed by your browser, you can modify the settings in the privacy tab. Please note, some features of the website may no longer work. The settings for each browser are different. These are described in your browser’s help menu, which will show you how to change your cookie-related preferences.
Further information about the configuration of cookies in the main web browsers:
Concerning the analytical cookies, you can consult the information provided by Google, which can be viewed at the following links:


