
Copyright and Trade Mark
All content within this site is © of Mimesis Consulting and e-xamit.
All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced and may
not be distributed, publicly performed or otherwise used, except with the prior
express permission of Mimesis Consulting and e-xamit.

Terms of Use
Mimesis consulting and e-xamit provides its website,
www.e-xamit.ie (the 'Site')
subject to the following terms (the 'Terms') of use which may be updated as it
develops. You should review the Terms regularly.


e-xamit's Privacy Policy

e-xamit maintains registrations and takes all reasonable endeavours to comply
		with the requirements of the Irish Data Protection Act and any regulation created under it.
		
e-xamit will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information
		except with your permission. See 'Privacy' below for further details.
		


Links to Other Sites
The Site may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other web sites or
	  resources. As e-xamit has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge
	  and agree that e-xamit is not responsible for the availability of such external sites
	  or resources, is not liable, responsibe and does not endorse any content, advertising,
	  products or other materials that may be available on such sites or resources.

Intellectual property rights

You agree and acknowledge that the Site and any information presented to you through the site contains intellectual property rights, including but not limited to copyright, design rights and trade marks and you agree not to infringe the intellectual property rights owned by e-xamit.
		
You agree not to copy, download, adapt, alter, modify, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derived works of any material found on the site except as expressly authorised by e-xamit.
		


Disclaimers

Your use of the site is at your sole risk. The Site is provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis.
The information on the Site is subject to change without notice.
e-xamit uses reasonable care in compiling and presenting information.


Dealings with Advertisers and Merchants

Your correspondence or business with, or participation in, promotions of advertisers and
	merchants found on or through the Site, including payment and delivery of related goods and
	services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such
	dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser or merchant.


General Information

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and e-xamit and govern your use of the Site.
Any failure by e-xamit to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute
		a waiver of such right or provision.
The Terms and the relationship between you and e-xamit shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of
		Ireland and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.


Privacy - Information collected.

It is necessary for e-xamit to collect your personal information for the purposes
of registering you as a user of the website www.e-xamit.ie (the 'Site'). Your responses
also help us to provide a premium service by ensuring that the Site and any appropriate
advertising space that we sell reflects your needs and requirements.
If your contact details change we request that you update us by notifying us via e-mail at info@e-xamit.ie
e-xamit collects data, listing which of e-xamits's pages are most frequently visited and type of users.


Data Protection and Disclosure
 As stated above in our Terms of Use:

e-xamit maintains registrations and takes all reasonable endeavours to comply with the requirements of the Irish Data Protection Act and any regulation created under it.
		
e-xamit will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except with your permission.
		


Further Use of Information

e-xamit may occasionally send you communications about products and services
	that it feels may be of interest to you unless you indicate that you are not
	interested in receiving such offers or information from us.
	
e-xamit does not sell, trade or rent user information to others unless
	you have given us permission. With your permission e-xamit will only share
	your information with carefully chosen, reputable and trustworthy third parties.
	
e-xamit will not pass on your personal information to others unless
	you have given prior consent.
	




