Via the website www.eurail.com (hereinafter: “Eurail.com”), part of Eurail.com B.V., privacy-sensitive data or personal data are processed. Eurail.com deems careful handling of personal data very important. Personal data are therefore carefully processed and secured by us.
In our processing activities, we comply with privacy law requirements. This means, among other things, that we:
clearly state for what purposes we process personal data, as we do in this privacy and cookie statement;
strive to limit the collection of personal data to those needed for legitimate purposes only;
first request your express consent to the processing of your personal data in cases where your consent is required;
implement appropriate security measures to protect your personal data, and demand the same of parties processing personal data on our instructions;
respect your right to request inspection of your personal data and have them corrected or deleted.
We act as the controller in the data processing. In this privacy and cookie statement, we explain which personal data we collect and use and for what purposes. We recommend that you read this statement carefully.
This privacy and cookie statement was most recently revised on 23 March 2016.
Processing purposes
In general, we process your personal data for the following purposes:
to give access to the website www.eurail.com;
to purchase a train pass via the website and make use of the functionalities on the website;
to analyse statistics and optimise the website.
Use of personal data
By using our website, you leave certain data with us, which may include personal data. We only store and use personal data that are provided directly by you or which are clearly provided to us for processing purposes. We will not use the personal data for any other purposes, unless you have given your prior consent thereto.
You can purchase a train pass via our website. If you purchase a train pass, we will ask you to provide some personal data to us. After you have purchased a train pass, an account is created. The account allows you to provide additional information. After purchasing a train pass, you can also reserve a seat in advance for European trains. To do so, you will have to create an account and be in possession of an Eurail pass. If you use our website, purchase a train pass or reserve seats, we will ask you to provide the following data (depending on the data you have provided yourself via your account):
First and last name
Sex       
E-mail address
Address details
Telephone number
Date of birth
Passport number (optional)
The above data will be used for the following purposes:
to purchase a train pass;
to create an account in order to view the train pass ordered;
to create an account in order to reserve a seat;
to make use of the functionalities on the website, such as route planning.
The above data are retained until two years after the travel date you have scheduled, unless Eurail.com must observe a longer statutory retention period.
If you have consented thereto, we may contact you by e-mail for commercial purposes. Each communication by e-mail will include an option to unsubscribe. We may also, if you have consented thereto, use your email address to show advertisements from Eurail.com on the social media channels where you are active, such as Facebook, YouTube and Instagram.
Provision to third parties
We will not provide your data to third parties for direct marketing purposes by such parties. Nor will we provide the data provided by you to third parties, if you have not given your consent, unless this is necessary for performing the agreement you have concluded with us or is required by law.
