Updated August 2, 2018
The Oakland Museum of California (OMCA) is concerned about protecting the privacy of all OMCA website visitors. OMCA respects your privacy and your choice not to have your personal information shared with other people. Please read the following to learn more about our policy. Your use of our website indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.Collection of InformationOMCA does not collect personally identifying data, such as names, addresses, email addresses, and the like, except when voluntarily submitted by website visitors.
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including [your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation;
(b) information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us;
(d) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters;
(e) any other information that you choose to send to us.
 
Disclosure of InformationOMCA will not disclose or share any personal information you provide to OMCA with any other party without your permission, except if requested to do so in accordance with a court order, subpoena, or similar legal order, and in the event such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of OMCA, its users, and other third parties. OMCA will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. The exception to this policy is that we may share your personal information with other Bay Area cultural organizations through mailing list exchanges, for which you will have the ability to opt out.
 
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.Third Party ProcessingPurchases made in the online OMCA Museum Store, online purchases of admission and event tickets, and online donations are processed by third parties who handle all related ordering, processing, and delivery of the products. The third parties' practices in connection with the ordering, processing, and delivery of products are subject to their own privacy policies.LinksOMCA may provide links to other third party websites, and other websites may provide links to the OMCA website. Third party websites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policies. OMCA has no control over such third party websites, and therefore you acknowledge and agree that OMCA is not responsible for the availability of such third party sites, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites. You further acknowledge and agree that OMCA will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
ChildrenOMCA does not solicit personal information from children. Visitors 12 years of age and under must obtain an adult's permission before submitting any personal information to this site.Changes to Our PolicyOMCA may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on this page.ContactIf you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, our online practices, or your dealings with this website, please contact:WebmasterOakland Museum of California1000 Oak StreetOakland, CA 94707feedback@museumca.org
