Terms
Abduzeedo is a product of Steale LLC. By accessing the web site at http://www.abduzeedo.com/, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Use License

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Abduzeedo’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

modify or copy the materials;


use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);


attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Abduzeedo’s web site;


remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or


transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.



This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Abduzeedo at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

Disclaimer

The materials on Abduzeedo’s web site are provided “as is.”Abduzeedo makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Abduzeedo does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

Limitations
In no event shall Abduzeedo or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Abduzeedo’s Internet site, even if Abduzeedo or a Abduzeedo authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Revisions, Errata and Links
The materials appearing on Abduzeedo’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Abduzeedo does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Abduzeedo may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Abduzeedo does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Abduzeedo has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Abduzeedo of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Abduzeedo may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Notification of Copyright Infringement Claims
Abduzeedo is a product of Steale LLC and it respects the intellectual property of others and requires that our Users do the same. Steale LLC will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives and will take appropriate action as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable intellectual property laws. Steale LLC has a policy of terminating repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances. If you believe that any material contained in this Site infringes your copyright, you should notify Steale LLC of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below. 
However, before commencing the copyright infringement procedure below; if reasonably possible, it may be less troublesome on all parties to attempt to directly resolve any copyright complaint with the person posting the disputed material. 
Please send notifications of claimed copyright infringement to this Site’s designated DMCA agent:
Elisabeth Joyce Clifford 
To be effective, the notification of claimed infringement must be a written communication and must include the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single Notification, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information sufficient to permit Abduzeedo to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Abduzeedo to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us, and it is Abduzeedo’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.

Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.


We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.


We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.


We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.


Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.


We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.


We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.

Mailing List Information. We will collect your email address if you provide it through a Site, such as to receive newsletters, updates, or promotions.
Cookie Declaration
This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies, we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. Your consent applies to the following domains: https://abduzeedo.com, https://imgs.abduzeedo.com, http://abdz.do
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
Analytical Cookies
Analytical cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Social Sharing Cookies
We use some social sharing plugins, to allow you to share certain pages of our website on social media. These plugins place cookies so that you can correctly view how many times a page has been shared.
More information about Cookies
Check out these two links:
Google Analytics Privacy Notice
Our website uses Google Analytics to collect information about the use of our website. Google Analytics collects information from users such as age, gender, interests, demographics, how often they visit our website, what pages they visit, and what other websites they have used before coming to our website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to analyze traffic to improve our website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our website, not your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected using Google Analytics with Personal Data. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google also uses specific identifiers to help collect information about the use of our website. For more information on how Google collects and processes your data, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
You can prevent Google Analytics from using your information by opting out at this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Abduzeedo may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Abduzeedo’s sole discretion.
 
