
Sun Country and Secure Flight
Secure Flight is a program developed to provide uniform watch list matching by the Transportation Security Administration (TSA). The mission of the Secure Flight program is to enhance the security of domestic and international commercial air travel through the use of improved watch list matching to identify known and suspected terrorists. Under the Secure Flight program, passengers will be required to provide full name (as it appears on passenger’s government-issued ID), date of birth, and gender under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R parts 1540 and 1560. You may also provide your DHS Redress Number, if available. Sun Country will send the information you provide to the TSA where they will match it against the No Fly and Selectee watch lists. TSA may share the information you provide with law enforcement, intelligence agencies, or others under its published system of records notice. By providing this information in advance, most passengers will not experience any differences from the way they traveled before as a result of Secure Flight.
Secure Flight provides numerous benefits to the traveling public. First, Secure Flight protects sensitive watch list data. The program also enables officials to address security threats sooner, keeping air travel safer. By implementing one watch list matching system, the program provides a fair and consistent matching process across all airlines and reduces the chance of being misidentified. Secure Flight offers an improved redress process, so that those who are mistakenly matched to the watch list can avoid further problems in the future.
The privacy of individuals’ information is a cornerstone of Secure Flight. TSA collects the minimum amount of personal information necessary to conduct effective watch list matching. Furthermore, personal data is collected, used, distributed, stored, and disposed of in accordance with stringent guidelines and all applicable privacy laws and regulations.
Learn more about the Secure Flight Program .

