
Privacy Policy
Background
NLPC Pension Fund Administrators Limited (NLPC PFA) (“us”,”we”, or “our”) operates http://www.nlpcpfa.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of available policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the Site.
We will notify you when your Personal Information is being collected.
We will ensure your data is used for the purpose stated and not for any other purpose.
Your consent shall be sought and obtained for every data collected.
You will be informed about who is collecting your personal information.
We use your Personal Information only for providing services relating to pension matter by Pension Reform Act 2014. By using the Site, you agree to the  collection and use of information of information in line with this policy.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing Personal Information We may ask you to provide us through our Site, is for the Pension provision services. Personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to your name.
The information you provide us will be used to contact or identify you.  We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to meet statutory obligations for effective service delivery and expectations, e.g. to send statutory report to National Pension Commission (“PenCom) and other regulatory and participating institutions. 
Log Data

    Similar to many site operators, we collect information generated by your browser whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser details, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other Statistics.

Security 

    We take precautions to protect your information. When sensitive information submitted by you via the Site, your information is protected both online and offline.
    Sensitive information collected is encrypted and transmitted to us over a secure channel. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the right side of the Address bar of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
    While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job relating to pension matter are granted access to personally identifiable information.


    Upon prior notification being given by you,  you wil be allowed to access your data to make corrections to any inaccurate data.
    The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.

Policy Updates

    Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and all updates will be posted on this page.
    If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 01-461245 or info@nlpcpfa.com.


