
As a global company, SAP operates a number of Web sites around the world. Any data and information that you volunteer or that is otherwise collected on one of our sites in any one country may be sent electronically to a server for one of these sites in another country. We safeguard your privacy interests around the world by ensuring that this SAP site adheres to our data protection principles described in this statement.
Companies in the SAP Group may use the information internationally in connection with processing your inquiries and orders, to help improve our products and services and for processing and storage.
We may also share such information with business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to provide a requested service or transaction, including processing orders, processing credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting event and seminar registration and providing customer support, or providing you with information on products and services that may be of interest to you.
We only provide these third parties with the minimum amount of personal data necessary to provide the services on our behalf, and the third parties are not permitted to use your personal data except for the limited purpose of completing the requested service or transaction.
We do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so.
We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your personal data and other related information, if necessary. We also may choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, SAP decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. Such a transaction may involve, in accordance with applicable law, the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of it from sellers. It is SAP's practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
We may collect and possibly share personal data and any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of SAP's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
While visiting SAP's website you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted by a third-party supplier, not on SAP.com. Most often, this is done to host special events, such as contests or seminars. When information is collected on behalf of SAP exclusively, the appropriate SAP entity's privacy statement will be referenced on the site and will govern how information is used. For other, non-SAP sites, the site's owner's privacy policy will be referenced. It is SAP's practice to require such suppliers and business partners to handle information in a manner consistent with SAP's privacy statement.
 
Back to Top
