
In addition to the information you provide, SAP may also collect information during your visit to a SAP website through Automated Tools, which include Web beacons, cookies, embedded Web links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived at an SAP website. Using these tools, SAP is also able to confirm receipt of e-mails that the recipient consented to receive, and can track other information such as pages visited on the relevant SAP site and whether or not the recipient registers for an event offered by SAP and certain other aggregate data that is not related to a particular individual.
Unless another means to make your choice is listed below, you may refuse the use of Automated Tools like cookies (i) if the relevant website supports TRUSTe Consent Manager by clicking on the respective link in the footer of the website or, (ii) if TRUSTe Consent Manager is not available, by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. Kindly note that in the latter case the settings in your browser regarding cookies are limited to the particular browser installed on a particular device and that, as a consequence, if you visit SAP’s websites with different browsers or different devices, you have to disable the tracking cookies in the browsers of all relevant devices. However kindly further note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the relevant site.
SAP is in particular currently using the following Automated Tools for the purposes set out below.
a. Adobe Analytics
Some websites which refer to this Privacy Statement use Adobe Analytics. Adobe Analytics uses IP addresses to establish the approximate region where a user is coming from. Therefore, Adobe Analytics collects the full IP address of users in a first step and then anonymizes it in a second step. Only the anonymized IP address is used to determine the approximate location from where a user is accessing a certain website.
Furthermore, if you are a registered user and logged on, SAP uses Adobe Analytics to track your user ID together with how you use the relevant website.
In addition to an opt-out by way of the TRUSTe Consent Manager (where available) you can opt-out of the use of Adobe Analytics by using this link: http://sap.d1.sc.omtrdc.net/optout.html?optout=1&confirm_change=1
b. Adobe Target
Some websites which refer to this Privacy Statement use Adobe Target. Adobe Target assigns a user ID to each user who does not opt-out of the tracking as described below and then creates a user profile based on this user ID by adding information about the user’s (i) browser and other device specific information, (ii) information about usage behavior and (iii) location data. Location data is collected by way of analyzing the user’s anonymized IP address: Adobe Target collects the full IP address of users in a first step and then anonymizes it in a second step. Only the anonymized IP address is used to determine the approximate location from where a user is accessing a certain website.
This information is used to display targeted content on the SAP group websites using Adobe Target.
In addition to an opt-out by way of the TRUSTe Consent Manager (where available) you can opt-out of the use of Adobe Analytics by using this link: http://sap.d1.sc.omtrdc.net/optout.html?optout=1&confirm_change=1
c. Google Analytics
Some websites which refer to this Privacy Statement use Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on site activity for site operators and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
In addition to an opt-out by way of TRUSTe Consent Manager (where available), Google has developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. It provides website visitors more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics. The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics. It can be downloaded here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
d. SAP Web Analytics
Some websites which refer to this Privacy Statement use SAP Web Analytics (“SWA”). SWA helps to analyze how users use the relevant site. The information generated (including a part of your IP address and a browser-ID) will be transmitted to and stored by SAP. SAP will use this information only for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website and compiling reports on website activity for website operators – and finally, to improve SAP’s websites.
Each website which uses SWA contains a separate statement regarding such use and provides for an option of the user to opt-out of the tracking by SWA either directly in the relevant statement or by way of the TRUSTe Consent Manager which can be reached over a link on the relevant page (where available).
e. Usage tracking for marketing purposes
SAP websites may collect the way you are accessing and using such websites by other means in order to prepare usage profiles that are used to determine which content is the most appropriate to be displayed while you visit a certain website.
In this case, SAP is capturing your usage behavior (websites visited, point in time a website has been visited, activity on a website/clicks made on (objects of) a website, browser type, operating or computing system used, referring website from which you have accessed a SAP website, the location from where you access a website) together with a unique identifier (like your IP address or a cookie ID) that allows SAP to establish that there is a certain person active on its websites but no information like your name that can be used to directly identify you. SAP will use the collected information only in order to display appropriate and relevant content on its websites.
You may opt-out of this tracking (i) if the relevant website supports TRUSTe Consent Manager by clicking on the respective link in the footer of the website or, (ii) if TRUSTe Consent Manager is not available, by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. Kindly note that in the latter case the settings in your browser are limited to the particular browser installed on a particular device and that, as a consequence, if you visit SAP’s websites with different browsers or different devices, you have to make the respective adjustments in the browsers of all relevant devices. However kindly further note that depending on the settings made in your browser(s) you may not be able to use the full functionality of the relevant site.
f. Embedded Web Links
Emails from SAP often use links designed to lead you to a relevant area on the Web, after redirection through SAP's servers. The redirection system allows SAP to change the destination URL of these links, if necessary, and to determine the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives.
In emails, such links may also allow SAP to determine if you have clicked on a link in the email, and the information about this interaction may be connected to your personal identity. If you do not want SAP to collect information about the links you clicked, you can simply choose not to click on the links in an e-mail that SAP sends you.
g. Cookies
Cookies are identifiers that can be sent from a site via your browser to be placed on your computer's hard drive. SAP uses cookies to deliver personalized content, to save you having to re-enter your password or complete registration forms repeatedly, to keep track of your shopping cart, and to tailor our information offerings to how you and others use the site.
We offer to you the following two ways to make your choice regarding SAP’s use of cookies:
aa. Some websites of SAP use the TRUSTe Consent Manager to enable users to make their choices regarding SAP’s use of cookies. Wherever the TRUSTe Consent Manager is used, you will find in a footer a link to it. Please click on that link to access the TRUSTe Consent Manager and to make your choice regarding SAP’s use of cookies.
bb. In case a SAP website does not use the TRUSTe Consent Manager, you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. Kindly note that the settings in your browser regarding cookies is limited to the particular browser installed on a particular device and that, as a consequence, if you visit SAP’s websites with different browsers or different devices, you have to disable the cookies in the browsers of all relevant devices. Furthermore, please note that if you disable cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of a website.
 
Back to Top
