
Privacy Policy

 PREAMBLE
 As part of our commitment to continuing service and expansion as well as promoting a healthy environment for user interaction, Nexus Mods collects, stores, correlates, analyzes, and may disclose various types of data and information. It is important for you to understand how the information we gather is used. This document details the nature of what data we collect, may disclose, and how we use it.
 By using Nexus Mods websites, you acknowledge that you understand and accept the policies described below. If you do not agree with the policies described, please refrain from using our services.
  PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
 We do not require users to provide any personally-identifying information during general use of our websites. Personally-identifying information you submit to our services is done at your own discretion and by doing so, you are providing consent that this data may be stored, shared, or displayed indefinitely at our discretion. We encourage you use discretion when submitting any potentially sensitive information.
 For the purposes of processing financial transactions (such as our Supporter and Premium Account Services), we encrypt and store your name and address as obligated by EU tax laws. More information regarding the billing process is provided by our financial partners and can be accessed during the transaction process.
  USAGE STATISTICS AGGREGATION, CORRELATION, AND DISCLOSURE
 Network statistics and browser data such as service providers, IP address, browser types, screen resolution, and other non-personally-identifying information is gathered from our users, correlated and analyzed. Collecting this anonymous information is essential for us in order to provide continuing service, refine user experiences, and expand functionality. We never sell this data. However, by using our services, you understand that this anonymous data may be shared with our partners for purposes of analysis and refinement of our services. Additionally, you understand that this anonymous data may also be shared with the public for informational and promotional purposes.
  COOKIES
 Allowing storage of cookies is recommended but not required. We use cookies to us uniquely identify you in order to provide personalized features, more convenience, and a better advertising experience. More information about cookies in general can be found at http://allaboutcookies.org.
 We are not responsible for cookies generated by our advertising partners.
  THIRD PARTY USAGE
 Certain features we provide (such as author donations or alternative payment methods) provide access to third-party websites (such as ‘PayPal’) which may have different policies regarding privacy. We are not responsible for these services and encourage you to be aware of the policies involved.
 For more information regarding anonymous donations, see our [faq].
  CHANGES TO THESE POLICIES
 We reserve the right change the policies detailed in this document at any time. We encourage you to review these policies periodically.

