
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Introduction

www.treatwell.co.uk (the "Website") and the Treatwell Customer mobile application software and the Treatwell Connect (salon diary and management tool) application software, both of which are available for download from iTunes and Google Play (the "Apps") are owned and operated by Hotspring Ventures Limited t/a Treatwell ("we", "our" or "us"). We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users and customers. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") is intended to inform you how we gather, define, and use your personal information, such as your name, email address, address and other contact details ("Personal Information"). Please use this Privacy Policy to help you decide whether and how you wish to use our site and our products and services. Please take a moment to read it carefully.

All your Personal Information shall be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Act"). If you want to know what information we collect and hold about you, please write to us at:

Hotspring Ventures Limited, 16 Charles II Street (c/o Calder & Co), London SW1Y 4NW.

Alternatively email us on  help@treatwell.co.uk or call us on 0330 100 3515.

Hotspring Ventures Limited is the data controller of your Personal Information for the purpose of the Act.

What information do we collect?

When you visit our Website or use our Apps, or contact us by email or telephone, we may collect the following information:


Personal Information that you choose to share with us when you register for services, emails, newsletters and alerts.

Where you are utilising our online payment facility, we may store (via ourselves or our appointed payment processor) your credit and debit card details on a secure encrypted basis


If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.

Information about the way our Website or Apps have been used by you and others – collected on an aggregate basis.

Your IP address and other information (such as the browser you are using) may be collected when you interact with our Website or Apps – for example create a profile, subscribe to our emails, ask or answer a question etc. We may associate this information with your Treatwell account.

It is important that all the Personal Information you give us when you register as a User or otherwise when you use the Website or Apps is correct and accurate. This includes, by way of example only, ensuring that we have your correct contact (including email) details at all times.

We strive to maintain the highest standards of security, however the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. So, whilst we will do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website or via our Apps. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your Personal Information we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.

How do we use the information you provide to us?

In general terms, we use Personal Information to provide you with the services and products you request, process payment, provide customer services, deliver our content and ads which we think may be of interest to you, for customer research and to send you marketing and promotional emails. We may also use the Personal Information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Website or App.

WE MAY USE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT TO NOTIFY YOU ABOUT NEW SERVICES AND SPECIAL OFFERS WE THINK YOU WILL FIND VALUABLE. WE MAY ALSO PASS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OUR SELECTED THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OF GOODS AND SERVICES WHO OFFER THEIR GOODS AND SERVICES FOR SALE VIA OUR WEBSITE OR APPS. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS WILL ONLY BE DONE IF YOU HAVE CONSENTED TO RECEIVING SUCH COMMUNICATIONS AT THE POINT OF REGISTRATION (VIA A PRE-TICKED OPT-IN BOX) OR AT ANY TIME THEREAFTER. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO RECEIVE THESE COMMUNICATIONS YOU MUST UNTICK THE OPT-IN BOX AT REGISTRATION OR NOTIFY US AT ANY TIME THEREAFTER BY EMAILING US AT HELP@TREATWELL.CO.UK OR BY CLICKING THE “UNSUBSCRIBE” BUTTON AT THE BOTTOM OF EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS WHICH WE SEND YOU.

Opt out of receiving emails

You can unsubscribe from our regular emails at any time by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the footer of the email you have received. Alternatively, you may email us at help@treatwell.co.uk. Please allow 48 hours for your email address to be removed from our system.

Our policy on Cookies

In common with other commercial websites, our Website and Apps utilise a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Is A Cookie?”) and web server logs to collect information about how our Website and Apps are used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Website or on our Apps, and the websites and apps visited just before and just after our Website or Apps.

We use cookies to


remember you when you visit this Website or our Apps to keep track of your browsing patterns and to build up a profile of how you and other users use the Website and our Apps.

make our Website and our Apps work as efficiently as possible.

facilitate transactions and administer services to you and to our partners.

What is a cookie?

A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but in order to protect your privacy, your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Find out more about the use of cookies on www.allaboutcookies.org

How do we use information we collect from cookies?

As you browse our Website or our Apps, the site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other users to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more often than is necessary. Cookies, in conjunction with our web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Website and Apps and to determine which parts of the Website and Apps are most popular. This helps us gather feedback to constantly improve our Website and Apps and better serve our customers.

Cookies do not allow us to gather any Personal Information about you and we do not generally store any Personal Information that you provided to us in your cookies.

Third Party Cookies

Most of the cookies we use are ours, however, on occasion, we will issue a cookie by a third party to help us operate the Website or our Apps - these are sometimes known as “web beacons” or “clear gifts”. These cookies cannot be used to identify an individual; they can only be used for statistical purposes, for example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests.

For example, third party vendors such as Google and Facebook, show our ads on sites on the internet and use cookies to serve ads on such sites (including your Facebook account) based on your relationship with us or prior visits to our Website and our Apps and to determine which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them and to serve advertising to our Website and our Apps. Analytics data may also be used to this effect.

For this purpose, we may disclose:


generic, aggregated or anonymised data relating to your visits and use of our Website and Apps, but we will not disclose any of your Personal Information which identifies you or from which you may be identifiable i.e. we will not disclose your contact details such as your email address, name, address or telephone number; or

information in a pseudonymised form such as a browser cookie ID / code or cryptographic hash of your email address to help us tailor and display our ads to you on other services. This ID or code is matched against your equivalent unique code similarly generated by our ad partners to tailor advertising to you.

The third party companies that generate these cookies have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don't have access to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from these third party cookies and provided to us by third parties, to improve our Website and Apps experience).

You may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. For more information on opting out of third party vendors' use of cookies please visit Your Online Choices here.

We use Facebook services to deliver our ads to you during your browsing experience/ whilst you are online. You can control how Facebook uses data to show you ads by turning off ads which may be based on interests and / or your relationship with specific advertisers, in your ad preference settings. For further information, please visit the various Facebook pages which allow you to learn more about Facebook ads and cookies and to update your settings:

Further, by visiting the Your Online Choices link above, you can opt out from seeing Facebook's interest-based ads and you can also use your mobile device settings to configure your advertising preferences.

On your Facebook ad preferences, you will see that ads may be delivered to you according to 'interests' or specific advertisers and you can manage your ad preference settings for both of these.

If you have opted out of receiving our marketing communications when you register with us, when you make a booking or where you have subsequently unsubscribed, we will not share your details with Facebook in a pseudomnyised form and we will not appear as a named advertiser in your settings. Please note however that where you have opted out of receiving our marketing communications via the methods described above, you may still see our non-targeted adverts whilst you are online if your interests settings on Facebook are aligned to an audience segment (pre-defined by Facebook) which our business is also associated with. We do not control whether these ads are displayed to you. Please see the relevant links above for details on how to learn more and manage Facebook ad settings.

Further, to learn more about adverts which are displayed to you whilst you are online, please consult the applicable website's privacy and cookies policy on which you see our ads and the Your Online Choices link above.

How do I remove or block cookies?

Most browsers allow you to remove any cookies and/or block any new cookies being set. To turn off cookies, look at the “help” menu on your browser. However, please note, that switching off cookies may restrict your use of the Website and the Apps and/or delay or affect the way in which they operate.

Sharing personal information with third parties

We treat the security and method of processing your Personal Information very seriously, and we will never sell your Personal Information under any circumstances.

However, we may disclose your Personal Information to selected third parties in the following situations:


to facilitate our business, including, by way of example only, sending email communications;

if we buy or sell any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your Personal Information to the seller or buyer of such business or assets, as appropriate;

if we are under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Data to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements or protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties in accordance with your authorisation as expressed via ‘opt-ins’, including pre-ticked opt-ins, e.g. at the point of registration.

Please note: by posting any Personal Information in any publicly accessible area of our Website or via our Apps, such information may be collected by third parties over which we have no control. We strongly recommend all users keep postings anonymous. We are not responsible for the use of such information by such third parties.

Please therefore exercise all due care and consideration before disclosing any Personal Information that will be disclosed on public areas. You should also avoid disclosing any Personal Information that may be used to identify you (such as your name, age, home or work address or name of your employer) especially if you disclose any sensitive Personal Information such as:


racial or ethnic origin;

political beliefs;

philosophical or religious beliefs;

membership of a trade union or political party;

physical or mental health;

sexual life; or

the commission of criminal offences or proceedings.

How can you access and correct your Personal Information?

Should you have any queries about any Personal Information which we hold about you, you may submit a request to us by sending an email to help@treatwell.co.uk and we shall endeavour to respond to any such request as soon as we are able. We may charge you an administration charge of £10 for fulfilling any such request.

What about other websites linked to our Website or Apps?

We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Website or Apps nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Website or Apps.

Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website or Apps to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our Website or Apps, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Always read over those rules and policies before proceeding.

Your consent and changes to our Privacy and Cookie Policy

By using our Website and/or Apps you consent to our collection and use of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy and Cookie Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Website and our Apps to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. By continuing to access our Website or our Apps after any change is posted, you agree to any such change to our Privacy and Cookie Policy. If you do not agree with such changes, you should stop using our Website and our Apps.

Where we store your personal data

The data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area, including for the purposes of processing that data by selected third parties, in order to facilitate Treatwell's business. By submitting your Personal Information you agree to this transfer, storage and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Partners

If you place an order or otherwise engage with Treatwell through a third party white label solution, then your email address and contact details will be passed on to the relevant partner.
