Privacy & Cookie Statement
Privacy Statement
This statement relates to the privacy practices of the National Transport Authority in connection with this website. The Authority is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked sites.
General Statement
The National Transport Authority fully respects your right to privacy, and we will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to the Authority will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
The National Transport Authority does not collect any personal data about you on this website. If you choose to send us personal information, for example via our ‘Contact Us’ page, ‘Update’ mailing list, Freedom of Information (FOI) application form or consultation processes, we will use that information in line with the purpose for which you provided it and to respond to you if required. We will pass your details to another agency only if it is required by law or if that agency is relevant to your enquiry. We do not collect personal information for commercial purposes. If you have any questions about this aspect of Data Protection we will be happy to clarify the position.
Personal Data
The National Transport Authority does not covertly collect any personal data about you on this website. It does, however, use a monitoring application to collate and analyse certain statistical information about the use of its website. When you visit our website the following information is retained about that visit:

IP (Internet Protocol) address.
The number of times per visit a request for data was received from each IP Address.
The entry page to our website.
The length of time spent on our website.
The exit page from our website.
The IP address of a link if used to access our website.
The identity of any search engine used to access our website.
A list of all the pages visited while in our website.
The name of the browser used, e.g. Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer.

This information is used to monitor usage of our website including the frequency of use of individual pages.
No attempt is made to identify individual users or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. The website usage data are used to inform the on-going improvement and development of the Authority’s website.
Any information that you provide through our ‘Contact Us’ page will only be used for the purpose for which you provided it. Please note that your email address will be recorded but will not be passed on to any third party.

Cookies
[cookie_audit]
To delete the cookies please refer to your browsers help section.
Updates
You are invited to subscribe for an email update, informing you of significant changes or updates to the website. You can subscribe by using the facility on the left hand side of the homepage. Your email address will not be used for any other purposes. You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from these alerts by using a link that will be provided in the email you receive. We have informed the Data Protection Commissioner of our activities in this regard.
Traffic Surveys
The Authority, from time to time, undertakes traffic and travel surveys and where appropriate, utilizes electronic means of data collection e.g. email or online data collection forms on this website.
The identity of participants in such surveys is of no interest or value to the Authority and is not required as part of the data collection exercise. Participants, however, may be invited to submit a contact telephone number or address if they wish to be included in any incentive scheme (e.g. free draw for prizes) that may apply to the survey.
The provision of this information will always be optional and the participants can decide to remain anonymous. The contact details will be separated from the general survey data prior to the processing of the survey data and will only be used for the purpose of selecting and informing the winning participants. All contact data will be removed when relevant accounting procedures have been completed. The survey data (with all personal contact details removed) may be retained indefinitely by the Authority to enable long-term trends in travel behaviour to be monitored. These data will be totally anonymous and the Authority will not be able to associate any individual data item with any person. Full contact details of the person in charge of the data collection exercise will be part of the information provided about the purpose of the survey.
Disclaimer
National Transport Authority makes no warranty or representation in relation to any document that appears on this website. The contents of these pages are provided as an information guide only. They are intended to enhance public access to information about the Authority. While every effort is made in preparing material for publication, the Authority accepts no liability for inaccuracies or errors on these pages or any site to which these pages connect. Although every effort is made to ensure the reliability of listed sites this cannot be taken as an endorsement of these sites.
National Transport Authority
Dún Scéine
Harcourt Lane
Dublin 2
Údarás Náisúnta Iompair
Dún Scéine
Lána Fhearchair
Baile Átha Cliath 2
D02 WT20
Tel: +353 1 879 8300
Fax: +353 1 879 8333

