
Privacy & Cookie Statement
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Notice is issued by the National Transport Authority of Dún Scéine, Iveagh Court, Harcourt Lane, Dublin 2 (“NTA”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
The purpose of this notice is to inform you of the data relating to you that we collect and use in connection with this website and the uses (including disclosures to third parties) we make of such data. The NTA is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked sites.
If you have any questions about our use of your personal data, please contact us at info@nationaltransport.ie or you can contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@nationaltransport.ie .
Personal Data that we Collect and Process
We collect and process personal data relating to you in connection with your use of this website and our relationship with you. This personal data may include:

your name and contact details, including your address, phone number and email address;
information that you provide in any online application form, including Freedom of Information requests;
information that you submit during a consultation process with us;
information that you provide by email or letter;
any other personal data relating to you that you provide to us or that we generate about you in connection with your use of the Transport for Ireland website, the Journey Planner website, the Journey Planner app, the Real Time app, the Cycle Planner app and the Driver Check app .

Website Usage Data
We use a monitoring application to collate and analyse certain statistical information about the use of this website. When you visit our website, the following information is retained about that visit:

IP (Internet Protocol) address;
the number of times per visit a request for data was received from each IP address;
the entry page to our website;
the length of time spent on our website;
the exit page from our website;
the IP address of a link if used to access our website;
the identity of any search engine used to access our website;
a list of all the pages visited while in our website; and
the name of the browser used, e.g. Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer.

No attempt is made to identify individual users or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual.
Purposes of Processing and Legal Basis
We will use personal data relating to you for the purposes of:

improving and developing this website and our apps;
processing application forms, including for Freedom of Information requests;
engaging in a consultation process;
carrying out research and customer satisfaction surveys;
responding to queries and feedback submitted by you;
sending you promotional and marketing materials, subject to any preferences that you express when we collect your contact details or subsequently. You can opt out of receiving promotional and marketing materials from us at any time by contacting info@nationaltransport.ie;
generating and analysing statistics regarding usage of this website, including the frequency of use of individual pages (where possible, personal data will be anonymised before being used for this purpose);
fraud prevention, investigation and detection;
establishing, exercising or defending legal claims;
performing our functions as a public authority and complying with our legal obligations.

The legal bases on which we process your personal data are:

that this is necessary for the performance of tasks that we carry out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us by law;
that this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that applies to us; or
that you have given your consent to the processing.

Recipients of Data
We may disclose your personal data to other organisations in connection with the above purposes, including:

to public service transport operators;
to third parties who we engage to provide services to us in connection with this website, such as outsourced service providers, IT services providers, professional advisers and auditors;
to other public authorities and bodies where required or permitted by law, such as the Gardaí or other law enforcement authorities for the purposes of the prevention, investigation or detection of crime.

Retention
We will not hold your personal data for longer than is necessary. We retain your personal data for as long as we need it for the purposes described in this Notice, or to comply with our obligations under applicable law and, if relevant, to deal with any claim or dispute that might arise between you and us. Feedback, queries, complaints and other correspondence submitted on our website or by email are retained for 7 years. The retention period for Freedom of Information requests, responses and feedback is indefinite.
Your rights
You have the following rights, in certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, in relation to your personal data:

the right to access your personal data;
the right to request the rectification and/or erasure of your personal data;
the right to restrict the use of your personal data;
the right to object to the processing of your personal data;
the right to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to require us to transmit that data to another controller; and
where our processing of your personal data is based on you having provided consent, the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time by emailing info@nationaltransport.ie

If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at privacy@nationaltransport.ie
Cookies
CookieTypeDurationDescriptionads_prefsThird party10 yearsThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiesauth_tokenThird partySessionThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiescsrf_same_siteThird party1 yearThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiescsrf_same_site_setThird party1 yearThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiesct0Third party5 hoursThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiesdntThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiesguest_idThird party2 yearsThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiesJSESSIONIDThird partySessionThe JSESSIONID cookie is used to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. The cookie value is generated by Jetty.NIDThird party6 monthsThe NID cookie contains a unique ID Google uses to remember your preferences and other information, such as your preferred language (e.g. English), how many search results you wish to have shown per page (e.g. 10 or 20), and whether or not you wish to have Google’s SafeSearch filter turned on. This cookie is also used to customize ads, Google uses such cookies to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser’s ads or search results, and your visits to an advertiser’s website.personalization_idThird party2 yearsThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiesremember_checked_onThird party10 yearsThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiestwidThird partySessionThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookiesviewed_cookie_policyPersistent1 yearStores a flag to determine whether or not the user has accepted the pop-up cookie policy._twitter_sessThird partySessionThis cookie is set by Twitter and used for Twitter feed integration and sharing capabilities. Twitter does not describe exactly what this cookie is used for. More information: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies__utmaThird party2 years from set/updateUsed by Google Analytics to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.__utmbThird party30 mins from set/updateUsed by Google Analytics to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.__utmcThird partySessionNot used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.__utmtThird party10 minutesUsed by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.__utmzThird party6 months from set/updateUsed by Google Analytics to store the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached the site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
 
Managing Cookies
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting Cookies, or to stop it accepting Cookies from a particular website. However, if you disable all Cookies we cannot tell if you are signed in and some features of our Sites may not work correctly and you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the Help option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and Safari for iOS.
If you wish to check and manage third party advertising cookies, you can turn these off by going to the Your Online Choices site.
Updates
We may occasionally update this policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Complaints
If you are not happy with the way we are using your personal data or how we facilitate your rights or comply with our obligations under applicable data protection law, you have the right to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commissioner by emailing info@dataprotection.ie.
 
GDPR start date : 24th May 2018


