
Miniclip Privacy Policy
Last updated: 14th September 2017

KEY POINTS:

Miniclip SA is the data controller of data processed through your use of its services.
The type and nature of the data includes profile and contact details, data relating to your use of the services including game stats, posts, log in, traffic data, data relating to the device you use to access the services.
We use your data to provide and personalise the services, respond to queries and monitor use of our services. 
We may send you marketing materials relating to other services we think may be of interest to you  which you can opt out of at any time. We don't give or sell your data to third parties for them to market to you.
We may send you push notifications if you are using an app.  You will be given a one-time option to allow such notifications or not.  You can always use your device settings to control these.


Miniclip SA (referred to as us/we/our in this Privacy Policy) is committed to providing fun and exciting digital entertainment. This Privacy Policy explains how and what personal data relating to you we may use in relation to our website www.miniclip.com ("Website"), our apps and any games, products, forums and services we offer through the apps or Website or other dedicated websites (such as www.agar.io, www.ovar.io, www.spaceone.io and any other .io games which may be offered by us from time to time) or otherwise provided by us (all collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as our "Services").
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Please do not use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
Please note that the Services may contain links to websites or other services owned and operated by third parties. We do not endorse any such third-party services. We are not responsible or liable for anything that happens to you when you visit or use these services. Miniclip strongly recommends that you review the privacy policies and cookie usage of these third parties.
What data does Miniclip collect from you?
In this Privacy Policy "data" means any personal data about you which could identify you (by itself or in combination with other data) such as your name, address or email address.
We may collect the following data about you:
Data you give us directly:

if you register with us (such as your date of birth, username, avatar, password and email address) 
that you provide by entering any competitions or completing any surveys, including your scores and ranking in any competition;
information you provide by completing any in-game purchases, such as buying in-game currency and other items;
information you provide by participating in any Miniclip chat forums or social media functions; and
information you provide us if you report a problem with any Services.

Data we may collect when you use our Services (whether or not you register with us):

data about your location, device type, operating system and platform;
data about your computer's browser version, operating system version, page loading time, network, generated device identifier information, hashed MAC address, referral source and IP address. 
data generated through playing games such as your high score and rankings;
game play history;
the number of times you visit our Services and the amount of time you spend using the Services; and
where you are accessing Services through a third-party account such as Facebook or Google - certain information relating to your account with those third parties including your name, user ID, gender, location (country and/or city specific), email address, date of birth, information from your public profile including friends and connections, log in details, avatar, gender and other information based on your use of our Services. 

You can manage the information which is shared by such third parties by amending your preferences through the privacy settings such third parties provide.
If you are not registered with us, the above information will be stored by us against a unique player identifier.
What does Miniclip do with this data?
We may use your data in the following ways:

to provide you with the Services (including any newsletter or blog that you subscribe to with us (which you can opt out of at any time));
to customise the Services which are available to you, 
to restrict those we know are under-age from accessing inappropriate content;
to ensure that you are in compliance with our terms; 
to moderate any chat messages in chat forums; 
to improve the Services, for analysis and reporting purposes and to offer you technical support or respond to your questions. This also includes using data to log any crashes in our provision of the Services, so we may report such interruptions (in this regard, we may use a third party to assist us); 
to notify you if you have won a competition;
to personalise your experience; 
Miniclip may use information about your use of the Services, such as your high scores, game rankings and avatars, in order to provide marketing for Services that we believe may be of interest to you (see below for details);
to send you push notifications for certain Services (which you can choose not to accept or turn off by visiting the settings section of your device and selecting the appropriate setting;
to offer you other Services which we think may be of interest to you, by email or push notifications.

Does Miniclip send marketing communications and how can I opt out?
Yes, we may send you marketing communications in relation to other Services that we think may be of interest to you via email or push notification. This would only ever be in relation to other similar Services of Miniclip however. We do not provide your data to third parties so that they can send you marketing materials without your consent.
You can opt-out by using the unsubscribe mechanism in any email, contact us as set out below or, in relation to push notifications, by choosing not to accept them or by turning them off by visiting the settings on your device and selecting the appropriate setting.
What does Miniclip do to protect data?
We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorised access, maintain data security and correctly use the data we hold.
We use industry-standard practices such as encryption, physically secured rooms, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of any personal information that we might collect from you. For example, your email address and password will be encrypted which will make it extra hard for someone to discover and use them. We also strive to limit access to your data to employees performing a legitimate business function. We review our security procedures periodically to consider appropriate new technology and updated methods.
Whilst we will do our best to protect your data, the transmission of information by you to us is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your data. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your data, we will use the procedures and security features outlined in this section to try to prevent any unauthorised access.
How long does Miniclip keep hold of data?
We will keep data only for as long as it is relevant and useful for the purpose for which it was originally collected and otherwise where required by law. If you decide to delete an account you have with us, certain data does stay on our Miniclip system for administrative purposes and to defend or bring any legal action.  Please email us at dataprotecton@miniclip.com for information regarding retention periods.
What data is shared with or accessed by third parties?
Miniclip may share your data with various third parties (including our affiliate companies in other countries) as follows:

We use a range of third parties to help us manage your information and the Services, such as our cloud service provider, Customer Service provider, developers, marketing companies and IT maintenance provider. These are companies who process data on our behalf and cannot use it for their own independent purposes.
Some games available via our websites are only "iFramed". This means that, while such content looks like it is on our site, it does not belong to us and is served by a third-party game developer and links to their site. In such instance you will need to accept their terms and conditions and privacy policy. However, the data you provide to them may also be shared with us and be subject to this Privacy Policy as well. 
We share your data with our third party payment providers where you have specifically agreed to conduct any in game purchases. These third-party payment providers may also ask us to share your data with them to confirm the nature of any payment transaction and to verify your identity and payment details.
You may create a profile for certain Services which may be visible to other users. Other users can choose to add you as a friend. You can change your settings through the 'edit profile' function at any time.
We or our third-party partners may disclose your personal information where we are required or permitted to do so by law or to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of any third party. We may also share your data with third parties to prevent fraud, abusive or unlawful behaviour or to demonstrate our compliance with other terms or laws.
 We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and/or provide aggregated data to assist in serving ads when you visit or use our Services. We also use web analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to analyse your use of the Services. Please see our Cookies Policy for further information.
 Miniclip may disclose your information to third parties in connection with a purchase, transfer or sale of Miniclip.

We require any third parties processing your data on our behalf to process it in accordance with this Privacy Policy, your rights and our instructions.
Will data be transferred overseas?
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the UK or the European Economic Area ("EEA"), such as the US (where some our third-party cloud-based servers are based) and Switzerland. It may also be processed by Miniclip companies or by one of our third-party partners operating outside of the UK or EEA. This transfer is required to host the Services, provide you with support services, perform backups of your data, allow you to use the Services and the Website and to process your payment details if you make any in game purchases.
We will always ensure that any such transfers are conducted in accordance with relevant laws in order to ensure adequate protection.
Children's privacy
Our Services are not specifically targeted at children.
For some Services however it may be possible for those under the age of 13 to register (with parental or guardian consent) and your account is limited to those aspects of the Services which we deem appropriate for children. We will collect and process the following data about you:

Your date of birth and email address; 
data which is necessary to respond to a question or one-off request from a user under 13; 
data relating to your use of the Services (including game stats);
data which is necessary to provide parental/guardian notice or consent.

If you are 13 your email address is encrypted. This means that your email address will be put into a secret code, so no one can use it, including us. So remember to keep your login details safe, as we will not be able to send them to you if you lose them!
As your email address is encrypted, we are not able to contact you by email after registration. In addition, we do not use your user names to contact you.
For parents/guardians:
If you would like to review or amend your child's information, ask to have it deleted, and/or refuse to allow any further collection or use of your child's information, then please send an email to our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@miniclip.com. Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you. To protect your child's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the information that we collect and maintain about your child.
We recommend that parents take the time to communicate and educate their children about Internet Safety. Please see the Miniclip Internet Safety webpage for information on Internet Safety: https://www.miniclip.com/games/page/en/internet-safety/
How do I erase or restrict or update my data?
If you no longer wish for us to use your data, please email us at dataprotection@miniclip.com. Please note that this may affect the provision of our Services to you, for example, you may not be able to enter any competitions or make any in game purchases.
If you would like to delete, amend or update your data or change the way we may use it, then please email us at dataprotection@miniclip.com.
If you wish to opt out of receiving any promotional emails or newsletters you can do so by clicking on the "unsubscribe here" link at the bottom of each email. To change or delete push notifications, visit the settings section on your device and select the appropriate setting.
If you have an account with us, you can view and edit your profile to change the settings in order to prevent others being able to add you as a friend.
How can I contact Miniclip?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to request a copy of the data which we hold about you, please contact our Data Protection Officer at  dataprotection@miniclip.com or alternatively you can send a letter to: Miniclip SA, Case Postale 2671, 2001 Neuchâtel, Switzerland or Miniclip, Legal Department, Holborn Gate, 326-330 High Holborn, London WC1V 7PP.
What can I do if I have a complaint?
If you are not satisfied with the way your query or complaint is handled by Miniclip, please let us know by emailing us at dataprotection@miniclip.comdataprotection@miniclip.com. If you are still unhappy, you may refer your complaint to your local data protection regulator. For example, in the United Kingdom this is the Information Commissioner’s Office and in Switzerland it is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC). 
