 
Your privacy is of great importance to us. This privacy statement ("Statement") discloses the privacy practices for  https://www.tctmd.com  ("TCTMD" or the "Site"). Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we share our information practices with you, including:  
What personally identifiable information is collected from users of the Site.     
The organization collecting the information. 
How the collected information is used.   
With whom the information may be shared.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.    
The security procedures in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under TCTMD's control.   
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the personal data collected and maintained by TCTMD. 
If you have questions, concerns or comments regarding this statement, please  contact us.  
Personally Identifiable Information
TCTMD asks users to complete a registration form to access the wealth of information provided on the Site. During registration, users are required to give certain personally identifiable information, including their name, e-mail address, city, state, country, zip/postal code, and classification (i.e., clinician or non clinician). We may ask users to voluntarily provide additional information on feedback forms or in online surveys. Users may always choose whether or not to provide any additional personal or demographic data.  
We collect personally identifiable information for the following reasons:  
To better understand who is using TCTMD.  
To further refine the Site's content to match the interests of its users.  
To communicate with users about features, services, or updates to the Site, if the user chooses to receive such notification (see Choice/Opt-out below).  
The Cardiovsacular Research Foundation, the company that produces the TCTMD Web site, is the sole owner of this information. We will not sell, share, or rent an individual's personally identifiable information to others, in ways different from what is disclosed in our current privacy statement. We may share blinded, aggregated data with third parties (such as site sponsors, investors, affiliates, employees, consultants, attorneys and/or board members).  
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information, including your most recently visited URL. This information, which is collected and maintained in anonymous, non-personal, aggregate form, allows us to improve the content of the Site and facilitate internal market research. This information may be shared with third parties, only in anonymous, non-personal form. 
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the audience of the website and improve our content. No personal information is collected from Google Analytics. For further information on the privacy policy concerning Google Analytics, please visit http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Cookies
We may use a "cookie" while you are online at TCTMD. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive. Cookies are used by most Web sites to help users navigate a site as easily as possible. We use cookies to eliminate the need to re-enter registration data at each connection. Users can set their browser to reject cookies, or alert them when a cookie is being placed on their hard drive. If a user rejects the cookie, he/she may still use the Site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of the Site. Cookies also provide us with broad information that helps us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on the Site. Other Web sites that you may visit through a link from TCTMD may place cookies on your hard drive. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.  
Log Files
TCTMD may use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.  
Information Sharing with Third Parties
TCTMD will not sell or rent an individual's information to any third party. We also reserve the right to transfer personally identifiable information to third party technology vendors for the purpose of providing outsourced services to TCTMD users. Information residing on servers outside of our control will be maintained in accordance with this Statement. In addition, we may, from time to time, share aggregated demographic information with third parties. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We may also disclose certain personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information if required to do so by law.  
Links to Other Web sites
TCTMD contains links to other Web sites. Please be aware that TCTMD is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each Web site that collects personally identifiable information to determine whether or not to register. The privacy statement on the Site applies solely to information collected by TCTMD.  
Ongoing communication
TCTMD sends each new member a welcome email to verify username and password. Members who elect to join one or more of our electronic communication distribution lists will occasionally receive communications about features, services, or updates to the Site, as well as promotional messages from our Sponsors ("Ongoing Communications"). Any registrant who does not want to receive these communications can choose to opt-out of these electronic communication distribution lists at any time. Please see the Choice/Opt-out section below.  
Choice/Opt-out
Our electronic communication distribution lists are Opt-in lists. Registrants are given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving Ongoing Communications from TCTMD and third parties at any time. New registrants should choose the word NO when establishing preferences during the registration process if they do not want to join a list. NO is the default choice on the TCTMD registration form .
Established Users who do not wish to receive communications may remove themselves from any and all distribution lists by editing their member profile OR by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE link contained at the bottom of each electronic communication, OR by  contacting us   directly with an UNSUBSCRIBE request.
TCTMD takes all reasonable steps to protect our users' information. When users submit information via the Site, their information is protected both online and off-line. All of our users' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
If the computer you are using is not for your sole use, and you checked the "Automatically Log Me On " box when logging in to the Site, then you should log out when you have finished accessing the Site. This action prevents other people from accessing your information. Users may log out from their member profile page. When you want to access member-only areas of our Site at another time, you will need to sign in and type in your password. You will have the option of having your password e-mailed to you if you have forgotten it.
If you have any questions about the security at our Site, please contact us.  
Consent to Processing
By providing information to the Site, customers in all jurisdictions, including the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the processing of their information in the United States in accordance with the procedures outlined in this Statement.  
Site and Service Updates
In the event that TCTMD needs to communicate important Site and service announcements, we will attempt to communicate with members via email, when feasible. We will also post such site and service announcements on the TCTMD homepage, when warranted.  
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (e.g., email address), or if a user no longer desires to receive electronic communications from us, we provide an easy mechanism to correct or update that user's personal data or unsubscribe from our electronic newsletter distribution list(s). The user can submit this information via the Edit Profile area of TCTMD. Instructions on how to update personally identifiable information are found in our  FAQ documentation.  
Notification of Changes
By using the Site, you signify assent to this Statement. If you do not agree with the terms of this Statement, please discontinue use of this Site. If we change our privacy policy, we will post a notice on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. The changes are effective upon posting. Your continued use of the TCTMD site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change to this Statement shall constitute your acceptance thereof.  