PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy sets forth how MTI ENTERPRISES, INC., MUSIC THEATRE INTERNATIONAL LLC d/b/a MUSIC THEATRE INTERNATIONAL and MTI SHOWSPACE L.P. and their corporate affiliates  (collectively, referred to herein as "MTI," "Company" or "we" or "us" or "our") collects, uses and protects the information of users (referred to herein as "you" or "User") of this website, currently located at mtishows.com (and the subdomains thereof) or of any of our Web sites on which this policy is posted (including the mobile-optimized versions of those Web sites) and the various social networking platforms that we use (each, a "Site"). By using or accessing the Site, you are accepting and consenting to the practices and procedures described in this Policy as they may be amended from time to time.
Here are a few general principles to keep in mind as you read through this Policy:
We may share your personal information with third parties for their party marketing purposes.  You can elect for us not to do so by following the directions in the "Opt In/Opt Out" section below.
This Policy does not apply to any Site or areas of any Sites that are directed to kids under 13. 
As our business evolves, this Policy may change, so check back to this page periodically to make sure you understand how your personal information will be treated
This Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain, other than through our Site, such as over the phone, by mail, or in person, except that your rights to opt-out of our use and sharing of your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes applies also to the personal information that we collect offline.
If you are located outside of the United States, you should know that the information you provide to us is being transmitted to us and processed in the United States and will be protected subject to this privacy policy and United States laws, which may not be as protective as the laws in your country.  Also, this Site places cookies and local shared objects on your computer or device which are further described below.  By using the Site, you agree to this.
Advertisements displayed to you on this Site and elsewhere may be customized to your interests and preferences based on your personally identifiable information and Web site usage Information collected through our Site unless you opt out by following the instructions that can be found Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") Ad Network opt-out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page at www.aboutads.info/choices.  You have to opt-out using each of your Web browsing applications separately. However, if you opt-out we may still suggest offerings to you on our Site based on your history at our Site. 
What information is collected on this Site?User-Provided Information
"Personal Information" is information that can be used to identify you as an individual or allow someone to contact you, as well as information attributed with such information.  We collect Personal Information such as your name; company name; school name; date of birth; postal addresses; e-mail addresses; telephone numbers; gender; unique identifiers, such as a user name or password; credit card and other payment information; purchase, site browsing and transaction history; fax numbers; wireless device addresses (including text message addresses); type and size of organization; and information about your proposed performances (such as audience size, dates and ticket prices). For example, we collect Personal Information when you: conduct transactions on the Site, including online licensing;  create a profile on the Site; sign up for e-mail/newsletters; enter sweepstakes and contests; complete surveys; contribute to a Community Marketplace or any chat room, bulletin board, list serve, blog, wiki or other social forum on the Site; form and/or join groups on the Site; participate in various activities on or through the Site; perform searches and/or transmit information and content through various channels on or through the Site; or submit a comment or question using a "contact us" or similar feature on the Site. Precise Real Time Location Information 
The Site collects precise information about the geographic location of your device.  If your device is equipped with GPS or can connect with wireless access points or hot spots, or if your device is also a phone that communicates with cell towers or satellites, then your device is able to use these features to determine its precise geographic location.  If you have consented using your device's user interface, the geographic location of your device will be transmitted to our servers in real time any time that the Site is running (even if you are not actively using the Site or it is minimized on your device).  Once you set your device to transmit its location information to us, your device will continue to transmit its location information to us (when the Site is running) until you set your device to no longer do so.
We use your location information to present you with user-localized maps for shows or Community Marketplace Items near you. We receive your location when you interact with the Site.
You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your device's location information by accessing the Site's location settings on your device and setting your device not to share its location with us.
If you set your device to not transmit its location information to us, you will have to manually enter your location of interest when conducting searches for shows or Community Marketplace using the Site. Certain features may not function if you set your device to not transmit location information to us.Site Usage Information
We collect the browser type and IP address of all Site visitors. We may also capture certain "clickstream data" pertaining to your Site usage.  Clickstream data includes, for example, the referring page that linked Users to the Site (e.g., another Web site or a search engine); the pages Users visit on this Site; the Web site Users visit after this Site; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings Users are using; any search terms Users have entered on this Site or a referral site; the pages, content or ads you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download and other Web usage activity and data logged by our Web servers.  Among other things, this information enables us to generate analytics reports on the usage of our Site.  To opt-out of your Site usage being included in our Google analytics reports, you may follow the instructions at [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout].
In addition, we may deploy various tracking technologies on the Site to collect additional information about your Site visits.  For example:
Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or device at the request of a Web site.  A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who was at our Site in the past, and relate your use of the Site to other information about you, such as your Site usage information and personal information.  Cookies may also be used to enhance your experience on the Site (for example, by storing your username so you can log in easily, keeping you logged into the Site after you have provided your password, and storing the contents of your shopping cart as you browse) or to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information and detect and prevent fraud.  Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but refusing cookies may, in some cases, inhibit or preclude your use of the Site or its features.  To learn more about the use of cookies, including how to manage or delete them, go to [http://www.allaboutcookies.org/].
HTML5 (the language some Web sites are coded in) may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Site usage activities.  This information can be retrieved by us to determine how our Site is being used by our visitors, how it can be improved, and to customize it for our users.
Cache cookies, such as eTags, may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited our Website or another web site in the past.
A pixel tag (also known as a "clear GIF" or "web beacon") is a tiny image – typically just one-pixel – that can be placed on a Web page or in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you've opened one of our emails or seen one of our web pages.
These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf. These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you, and relate your site usage information to other information about you, including your Personal Information.By using the Site, you consent to our use of these tracking technologies as described above.Information Obtained from Third Parties
We may supplement the information obtained from you with information that is received or otherwise obtained from third parties. For example, this information may be received or obtained from our partners in sponsored content sections or from other third parties. The type of information that is shared with us could include, for example, user contact information (like name and email address) and user demographic information (like zip code, age or income level), as well as other types of personal information and non-personally identifiable information. We will use such supplemental information received or obtained from third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Do Not Track Disclosures
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" (DNT) signals to the websites with which the user communicates.  Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.  Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not change our tracking practices (which are explained in more detail directly above) in response to DNT settings in your web browser. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Our third party partners, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social media and networking platforms, collect information about your online activities over time and across our Site and other online properties. These third parties do not change their tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor DNT settings.  We utilize Google analytics for our web analytics and you can opt out from your data being used by Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. See the discussion above under "Third Party Ad Services and Providers" regarding how to opt out of internet-based behavioral advertising.How is your information used?
We may use personal information of our Users for various purposes, including, for example, to respond to User requests, to administer the Site and your account with us and to provide Users with our product and service offerings, including processing and fulfilling your transactions.  We may also use Users' personal information to maintain our internal record keeping.  We may match information collected from Users through different means or at different times, including both personal information and non-personally identifiable information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including (without limitation) any of our other Web sites and third parties.  We also may use personal information provided by our Users, for the purpose of profiling the demographics of Site users and for developing new features and offerings on the Site. We may use Users' names and email addresses to send notifications regarding the Site, and otherwise correspond with Users, about products, services, companies, events, sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest our Users.  We also may send announcements, alerts regarding messages received from other Users, and service-related notifications.  If Users want to stop receiving promotional email messages from us, they may do so by following the directions in the ["Opt In/Opt Out"] section below.  We may use your personal information enable you to use our Site and its features and to customize our Site to your interests and history with us. We may also use your personal information to protect our rights and property and recover debt and prevent fraud.  In addition, other uses of your information may be disclosed when personal information is submitted to us.
Non-personally identifiable information: We use non-personally identifiable information of and about our Users for various purposes.  For example, cookies may enable us to relate your use of the Web Site to other information about you, including your personal information.   Additionally, we use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to analyze this information to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of the Site, to better tailor the Site to our Users' needs, and to otherwise operate and administer the Site. We may use this information to tailor ads displayed to you on our Site and elsewhere to your interests and history with us. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider.  We may also link this non-personally identifiable information with personal information.
E-mail-A-Friend: Users may be able to send information about our products and/or Site to their friends and family members by using an "E-mail to Friend" or similar feature on the Site or in an e-mail that we have sent them.  In some of these cases (unless a User simply forwards our e-mail on his or her own), the User may provide the name and e-mail address of his or her friend or family member to us.  Such information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
We or our service providers may also use your information to assess the level of interest in, and use of, the Site, our e-mails and our other messaging campaigns both on an individual basis and in the aggregate. Do we share your information with third parties?
Yes.  We may share the information we collect on the Site with others for a variety of reasons.
Service Providers: We may provide information to third party service providers such as server hosts, data management companies, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies and payment processors (collectively, "Service Providers") in order to facilitate the operation of the Site and its various services and features.  These service providers may be provided or granted access to Users' personal information in order to perform these services on our behalf. 
Legally Required Disclosures: We may comply with judicial requests for Users' personal information, account information, and other information, and make other legally required disclosures. Additionally, we may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Site, or to prevent imminent bodily harm. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.
Co-sponsors:  We may share your information with our co-sponsor(s) if we obtain your information in connection with a contest, sweepstakes, offering, or other promotional activity that is jointly offered by us and any third parties, unless you instruct us not to by following the instructions in ["Opt In/Opt Out"
Aggregate Information: Aggregate demographic and other information of and about Users may be published or shared with third parties such as advertisers. In addition, we may share non-personally identifiable Site Usage Information (including aggregate data) with others, for their own use, in a form that does not include your name or contact information.
Third Party Marketers:  We may provide our Users with an opportunity to receive offers from third parties who have services, products and offers that we think might be of interest to them, and we will do so by sharing the User's information with such third parties.  You can elect for us not to do so by following the directions in the ["Opt In/Opt Out"]
Public Forums: When you use the Site, certain information you post or share with third parties (e.g., a friend or someone in your network), such as personal information, other profile information, comments, messages, photos, videos or other content or information, may be shared with other Users of the Site. All such sharing of information and content is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information in your profile or when posting comments, messages, photos, videos or other items, this information may become publicly available.  It is important for Users to understand that Users post User Content (as defined in the Site Terms of Use) and information on the Site at their own risk.  We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information.
Credit bureaus: We may provide your information to credit bureaus in connection with late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account.
Corporate Change of Control: In the event we, or a significant portion of our assets, are acquired by or transferred to one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, personal information and other User information may be one of the transferred assets.Opt In/Opt Out
You may have the right to "opt in" and/or "opt out" of certain of our uses of your personal information.  For example, at the time you are requested to provide personal information on this Site or in connection with our communications, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to receive correspondence from us.  You may opt out of our promotional e-mails by clicking on an opt-out or "unsubscribe" link within the promotional e-mail you receive.  Please understand that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us.  Please also note that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us at your email address, we still may send messages to you (including promotional messages) through the Site's messaging system.
If you want us not to share (or stop sharing) your personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing use, please send us an email at: websupport@mtishows.com.  If you do request to have us stop sharing your personally information with other entities for their direct marketing purposes, please note that we will not be responsible for any communications that you may receive from entities that received your personally identifiable information prior to the date of your request.  In these cases, please contact that entity directly.Social Networking 
We maintain presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and Flickr, and we also incorporate some third party social networking features onto our Site.  Through these platforms and features, we receive some personal information and some Site Usage Information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that information as well.  In addition, third party social networking platforms and blogging platforms have their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them will use and protect your information. 
Our Site may include features and functionalities that allow you to share information with us that you have already provided to a third party social networking platform.  For example, you may be able to create an account on our Site or log-in to our Site using your Facebook account or other third party credentials.  If you do so, then personal information or other data that you have provided to that third party will be made available to us, pursuant to the third party's terms and conditions, and you consent to our use of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  The information we receive from that third party may depend on the privacy settings you have on the third party site
We may include tools on our Site that allow you to share and/or publicly post content or information from our Site to your profile on a third party social network.  Third party social networking platforms and blogging platforms have their own privacy policies which explain how they will use, protect and share your information, including any information you share on those platforms from our Site, and we encourage you to read them.Third-Party Ad Servers and Networks 
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site or to serve our ads on third-party Web sites.  These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites, the region of the country or world where your IP address indicates you are located, as well as other information about you in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.  These advertisements may appear on this Site and on other Web sites.  These companies may employ cookies, clear GIFs and other tracking technologies to cause relevant ads to be displayed to you.  We encourage you to read these businesses' privacy policies to learn about how they treat your information. For more information about third-party advertisers and how to prevent them from using your information, visit the NAI's consumer Web site at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or Aboutads.info at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.Links to Third-Party Sites
The Site may contain links, banners, widgets or advertisements that lead to other Web sites. When you link to such sites, you become subject to their terms of use and privacy policies posted thereon and/or applicable thereto.  We are not responsible in any way for the privacy practices of other web sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information provided to or collected on any other website. You should review these sites' privacy policies regarding any personal information and other information that they may collect about you at their sites.Security
While we will endeavor to protect the security and integrity of any sensitive personal information that may be provided to this Site, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. 
If you contact us by e-mail, via a messaging feature, or by a "contact us" or similar feature on the Site, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure.  A third party could view information you send by these methods in transit.  We will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission.
If you create an account on our Site, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and you shall be responsible for any activity that occurs using your account credentials, whether or not you authorized such activity.  Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.
If we believe that the security of any user's personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify such user of that development.  If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail.  You consent to our use of e-mail as the means of such notification.  However, if you do not want to be notified by email for this purpose, please contact us at websupport@mtishows.com.Accessing, Changing or Removing Information
You may review, update or modify certain of the information that is stored in your user account on the Site (if you have one) by logging in to the "My Account" or similar area of the Site or by contacting us using the "Contact Us" information below. Users who wish to deactivate their Site account should contact a Site administrator using the contact information at the end of this Privacy Policy. 
We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information.  Your right to delete your information is subject to our records retention policies.Children
The Site is intended solely for users who are thirteen (13) years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect personal information from Users under 13 without prior parental consent.  If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide personal information of any kind whatsoever.  If we learn that we have received personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will take steps to delete such information or to obtain verifiable parental consent.Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such changes will be effective immediately upon posting.  We will notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by other means, including, for example, by posting the revised policy with the date it was revised on this page or by email. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect.Consent to Processing
By using the Site, you are consenting to have your personal information collected, maintained, transferred and processed in and to the United States and other countries and territories.Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at websupport@mtishows.com
Last Updated: November 20, 2015
