
PrivacyCQUniversity is committed to protecting user privacy. CQUniversity understands and appreciates that visitors and users of this website are concerned about their privacy and the confidentiality and security of any information that may be provided to us. The University must comply with the Information Privacy Act 2009 Qld which sets out the privacy regime and Information Privacy Principles that Queensland agencies are required to adhere to.CQUniversity WebsiteGeneral UsersIn the normal course of operation of our web servers, CQUniversity collects information about users that may include:IP AddressType of Operating System and BrowserOperating Characteristics, like screening resolution, and colouring depthThe URL that referred you to our siteThe part of the world from which you are accessing our siteThis information is retained and used by web support teams and by system administrators to review and improve user experience on CQUniversity's site and to diagnose problems. CQUniversity does not use this information to identify individual users.You may choose to supply us with additional information electronically, in the course of certain requests you may make on our web site. Here are some examples:If you choose to contact us or submit questions, we will solicit additional information to allow us to fulfil your request. This information may include your name, address, email address, or other identifying information.If you choose to electronically do business with us, we may collect additional financial information, including your credit card number, expiration date, banking details or billing address.If you choose to perform other functions with us, such as applications for admission, we may collect additional information, including your employment and education history, date of birth, phone number and residence status.In these circumstances, if you are concerned about transmitting information over the Internet, you can always contact us via mail or phone. We will use this information to comply with your request. We will not use this information to add you to mailing lists and we do not sell this information to commercial third parties.CQUniversity uses a variety of technologies to secure the information we collect on our servers and to secure the transmission of information to our servers. However, there is always a small possibility that your information could be inadvertently disclosed. By using our sites, you agree that CQUniversity is not liable for the inadvertent or unintentional disclosure of your information.Information you choose to provide to us will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the Public Records Act 2002 Qld and other relevant regulations. CQUniversity may be ordered by a court, law enforcement agency or regulatory agency with jurisdiction to disclose information. CQUniversity will comply with such requests and is not obligated to notify you of such disclosure.Some software components of our sites may write small files to your computer, known as cookies. These cookies are used to improve user experience and do not contain personally identifying information.Authorised UsersIf you access CQUniversity sites using passwords, computers or network connections supplied by CQUniversity, the University will have additional information about you including your identity and your relationship to the University. Notwithstanding anything in this statement, this information may be used to assess compliance with relevant University policies on the use of technology and university facilities.Payments to the UniversityWhen paying an account or purchasing something through our website, your personal and financial details are protected at all stages of the transaction. In order to process your payment, the information requested consists of name, student number, phone number, and credit card details.Credit card details may be encrypted and stored locally while the connection to the credit clearing house is made. Once the transactions are complete, the encrypted details are removed.EmailEmail correspondence sent to this site or the University will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the Public Records Act 2002 Qld and other relevant regulations.Unless specified, your name and address will not be added to a mailing list, nor will we disclose these details to third parties without your consent, unless required by law. However, email messages may be monitored by authorised information technology staff for purposes such as system troubleshooting and maintenance.Access to Personal InformationRequests for access to personal information should be directed in writing to the University's Right to Information Officer who will process the request in accordance with the Queensland Information Privacy Act 2009. For more information, refer to our Right to Information page at https://www.cqu.edu.au/about-us/structure/governance/right-to-information.Further InformationFurther details of the University’s compliance with the Information Privacy Act 2009 Qld are provided in our Information Privacy Policy and Procedure.If you have queries about our privacy and security practices, or wish to make a complaint, please contact the Governance Directorate by emailing privacyrti@cqu.edu.au.

