Welcome to our privacy policy.  Here at Taylor & Francis Group, we are committed to safeguarding your data whilst providing a personalised and valuable service.  Taylor & Francis Group is part of Informa PLC which operates at the heart of the Knowledge and Information Economy.  Taylor & Francis Group is a trading division of Informa that operates through various Informa legal entities including, but not limited to, Informa UK Limited and Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.  Taylor & Francis Group includes, but is not limited to, the publishing imprints of “Taylor & Francis”, “Routledge”, “CRC Press”, and “Cogent OA”.
This Privacy Notice is designed to allow the Data Subject (“you”) to make an informed choice.  It covers the information practices by which Taylor & Francis Group (“Taylor & Francis”, “the Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) collects, uses, shares and secures the personal information.  
If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries about these practices, please contact us by e-mail on privacy@taylorandfrancis.com. Alternatively, you can write to: Compliance Officer, Taylor & Francis Group, 4 Park Square, Milton Park, Abingdon, OX14 4RN, UK.
Our privacy policy applies to all "personal data" as defined in the UK's Data Protection Act 1998. In this privacy notice, we also refer to personal data as "data", "information" or "personal information".
For purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is: Informa Group PLC, 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG, UK.
Information Collected
We collect personal information from you, such as full name, country, job title, occupation, company information, e-mail address and telephone number, and if you make a purchase we will also collect payment information (including credit/debit card number) and billing address.
The personal data we collect from you will depend on which of our Taylor & Francis Group websites (“Company Websites”) you visit and which of our services you use.   All our Company Websites provide a specific privacy notice and cookie policy (where applicable) that will cover data collection relevant to that website.  This data may include IP Address, operating system and browser type.   We only collect personal identifiable information that is adequate, relevant and not excessive for purposes of operating our services. It will be kept accurate and up-to-date based on information provided and it will be deleted when no longer needed.
In addition, from time to time we also collect the e-mail addresses and additional contact details of those who communicate with us via e-mail and request information.  We may also have acquired your personal information from a third party data service or publicly available data source. 
Use of Personal Data
Your privacy is very important to us, that's why we'll take great care of any personal information you share with us and will never release these details to any company outside the Informa group of companies for any other purpose other than which it was collected without your consent (either under this privacy policy or otherwise) unless required to do so, for example by law, in the course of legal proceedings or in order to fulfil orders.
The Personal Data we collect is used to provide you with the service or subscription that you have requested or to respond to an enquiry that you have made. We use certain third party service providers to assist us in providing these services to you, for example, recruitment, abstracting and indexing, author services, email marketing, web casting, order processing and hosting.
If you inform us of any interests when you register on our Company Websites, then we may contact you with information in relation to those interests.
We may also use your information to send you newsletters, subscriptions, offers, other marketing emails or surveys.  Survey information will be used for market research with the aim of improving our services.  Participation in surveys and discussion forums is entirely voluntary.
Opt-out or unsubscribe
You may unsubscribe from being contacted for these purposes at any time. If you want to limit how we contact you or cease participation in any of our marketing events, then please contact us via email at: optout@taylorandfrancis.com. Alternatively, please write to us at Taylor & Francis Group, 4 Park Square, Milton Park, Abingdon, OX14 4RN, UK.
Security
We use several technologies and operational procedures to protect data submitted to us by you. Physical security of data on our equipment is provided by a combination of firewalls and password protection. Provided your browser accepts Secure Sockets Layer encryption, we seek to protect your payment information against unauthorised access through a secure server. Where we use third parties to process personal information, we require them to ensure the safety of your information. We use appropriate security measures on our own systems, but the internet is not a secure medium and we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted via the internet.
Transfer of Data
We (or our third-party service providers) may process your Personal Data in other countries, whose data protection laws may not be as extensive as in the European Economic Area.  However, we have taken appropriate steps to ensure the same level of protection for the processing carried out in those countries as within the European Economic Area.
Disclosure of Data
We will never sell your personal information without your explicit consent to do so. We may disclose and share personal information with our group companies or any entity which acquires any part of our business, with our service providers, distributors/agents of our products, suppliers who develop or host our sites, with third-party search engines that may index user profile pages and usernames as part of the URL of the user profile page by default, if required or permitted by law, if we reasonably believe you may be in breach of the law (e.g. if you have posted defamatory content on our sites) and with other third parties with your consent.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. We use cookies to enhance the service that we provide so that you do not have to fill in your details every time you visit one of our Company websites.
Responsibility with You
You should be aware that when you disclose personal information on any public bulletin board or chat areas on one of our Company Websites, such personal information can be collected and used by anyone who views that website and may result in unsolicited messages from other participants or other parties. We are not responsible for any such messages.
Any improper collection or misuse of personal information is in violation of this Privacy Policy and of the applicable terms and conditions of use. You agree not to misuse any personal information available on our Site or to gather it or use robots or other automated scripts, codes or functionalities to do so. We may immediately suspend or terminate your access to our site without notice if we become aware that you are in breach of applicable terms and conditions of use or of this Privacy Policy.
Hyperlinks
Our Company Websites contains links to other websites, including without limitation those websites of other companies within the wider Informa PLC group. Their inclusion cannot be taken to imply any endorsement or validation by us of the content of the said websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices, nor do we accept any liability about the content of such websites including those of our group companies which have their own privacy policies tailored for the business practices and sectors in which they operate.
Changes/Updates to Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time to keep up with changing legislation and best practice. We will always include the date of a new version so that you know when there has been a change. If you don’t agree to the changes, please don’t continue to use our Company Websites or provide us with your personal information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the data we hold about you, or you wish to ensure that the data we hold about you is accurate and kept up to date, please do not hesitate to contact us at: privacy@taylorandfrancis.com. Alternatively, please write to:
Compliance Officer, Taylor & Francis Group, 4 Park Square, Milton Park, Abingdon, OX14 4RN, UK
Thank you for your interest.
This Privacy Notice was last updated in May 2017.
