As always, the privacy and security of your personal information is our #1 priority, and we want you to be aware of how we collect and handle information on our site.When you visit blinkbroadband.tt, we may collect the following information about your visit:Anonymous statistics collected as you browse the site Personal information you knowingly give usWhat information does this Web site gather?TSTT may collect personal information such as name, address, date of birth and e-mail address, when you knowingly provide it to us. In addition, TSTT never collects or stores any customers credit card information Our Web servers automatically collect statistical information about your visit such as pages visited and which browsers are used to visit our site. None of this information is associated with you as an individual (see information about cookies). We use these statistics to monitor our site's performance and to enhance the service provided to you on our web site.What happens when I provide information on this Web site?When you supply information for a specific purpose, such as online ordering of a TSTT service, we use the information for that purpose only.When you use our Web site to order services, we may use this individually identifiable information as we would if obtained in a non-electronic manner. Such information may include:
Publishing your name, address, and phone number in our directories (unless you have requested a non-published or non-listed number)
Evaluating your service needs and contacting you regarding additional services you may find useful
If the way we use personally identifiable information changes, TSTT will contact you via e-mail notifying you of this change and giving you the opportunity to opt out of such use.
 
What happens when I provide information on registration forms?When you choose to register with TSTT.com or any other TSTT site, we request accurate contact information and preferences that help us better serve you. You will be able to choose if your contact information is used to send you company and product information, special offers, and in some cases, newsletters.Anytime you register with us you may:
Elect not to receive (opt out) commercial e-mail messages. The primary purpose of these messages is the commercial advertisement or promotion of a TSTT product or service. At any time after the initial registration, you can opt out by selecting the opt-out cancel option in your profile within the application itself.
Update your contact information anytime by updating your account and your profile within the application.
In order to improve your experience with us, we may decide to improve our site's ability to obtain information about users. We will update this privacy statement continually to ensure that you are aware of developments in this area.Does TSTT sell or give my information to non-TSTT companies?No. We do not sell or disclose individually identifiable information obtained online about our visitors to anyone outside of TSTT. The only exceptions to this rule are the following:
If you specifically authorize TSTT to share your information with another company
It is required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site Disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers, employees, or property
Publishing your name, address, and phone number in our directories if you initiate your telephone service with us online (unless you have requested a non-published or non-listed number)
If you provide individually identifiable information at an event TSTT sponsors with another company, or if you register on a co-sponsored Web site, you may be providing the individually identifiable information to the co-sponsor. Review the privacy statement at the event or on the co-branded site to learn how the partner uses this information. Be assured that TSTT uses this information in accordance with this privacy policy.
On occasion, TSTT shares non-personally identifiable information with non-TSTT companies in order to assess the results of a promotion or event. This information is used in aggregate only, and does not contain any information that would personally identify you.Does TSTT accommodate links to other sites?Yes. Our site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. However, in some instances where a service is provided through a non-TSTT partner or supplier site, you can feel confident that your individually identifiable information will be protected. TSTT requires suppliers not to use the information for any purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected, protecting the privacy of your information.What are Cookies?A cookie is a small data string our server writes to your hard drive. This data string contains your unique user ID for our Web site. This technology also allows us to customize your experiences when you visit the TSTT Web site. For example, we're able to deliver content specific to your interests, keep track of your online ordering and alert you to new products or money saving opportunities based on your current services.TSTT uses cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information in order to enhance your online experience as follows:
Ensure that you see the correct products and pricing applicable to the state in which you live
Manage the number of ads that you see to avoid over-delivery of the same message
Tailor an advertisement to better match your interests and preferences
E-mailDoes this site send e-mail to site visitors?TSTT strives to continuously improve our customers' online experience by providing them with the latest information about the benefits of TSTT's products and services and in other circumstances described below. We may provide this information in any number of ways, including e-mails to our customers and online visitors who have provided their e-mail addresses to TSTT. In addition, unless you have chosen to opt out from receiving e-mail messages from TSTT, TSTT may send e-mails to:
Inform customers that their telephone bills are available for review online
Conduct online surveys
Provide marketing information about TSTT products and services
Provide information to those who have voluntarily provided their e-mail addresses to third parties in order to receive promotional material
Moreover, in the following situations, TSTT reserves the right to communicate through e-mail with online users, including those who have opted out of receiving solicitation-based e-mails, to:
Notify customers about service or product affecting changes
Confirm transactions, orders, payments and registrations placed online
Confirm transactions, orders, payments and registrations placed online
Send information that a customer or potential customer has requested
Provide emergency, security and online account maintenance information
TSTT supports and complies with all laws governing its e-mail communications and will update this policy as needed to ensure ongoing compliance.Security IssuesHow does TSTT protect my personal information?We are committed to protecting the information you give us, so we implement the appropriate safeguards to do so..Your online access is restricted by encrypted passwords preventing unauthorized access from online users. Within TSTT, your information is stored in password-protected, limited-access servers.All TSTT servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains tight controls on any access to the system from both our internal network and the Internet. TSTT uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to transmit sensitive information such as credit card numbers. SSL is a transport level technology for authentication and data encryption between a Web server and a Web browser. SSL sends data over the "socket" which is a secure channel at the connection layer.Security audits are carried out at intervals for compliance with the most stringent security standards.Does TSTT's Web site collect information from children?TSTT believes that protecting the privacy of children on the Internet is very important. The TSTT Web site is not designed to attract children under the age of 13, and we do not intentionally collect information from children on our Web sites. Ordering online products and services is strictly limited to adults 18 or over.
