Privacy Statement
Monster’s Privacy Commitment Overview
Monster is committed to protecting the privacy of our users, and strives to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to this web site. The following statement explains Monster’s commitment to managing your personal information and sets out how and when personal information is collected, used, shared, and secured as well as your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information. This Privacy Commitment only applies to data gathered on the Monsterindia.com web site (the "Web Site" or "Site"), and does not apply to any other information or web site. 

By using this website site or application, you agree to the collection, use and transfer of your data as described in this Privacy Policy.
You may revoke your consent to this policy. To revoke your consent, please contact us at privacypolicy@monsterindia.com. If you revoke your consent, your account and profile information will be removed from our website.

Scope of this Policy
This policy applies to www.monsterindia.com. (the "Site" or "Web Site"), which is operated and owned by Monster.com (India) Private Limited. ("Monster"). It is Monster’s policy to comply with data protection legislation.  This policy shall also apply to the WAP, i.e. mobile version of the Site, and other mobile applications in which the Site operate
Information We Collect and Retain

We collect information about you when you use our sites and applications. We receive and store this information when you enter it on our website, send it to us, or provide it to us in any other way.

We collect information when you choose to give it to us. This includes:


Your contact information like name, email address, postal address, and phone number
Your resume including job experience
The information use to apply to jobs on Monster
Information imported by you from third party applications;
Information you provide to us when you contact Monster
Your race, ethnicity, or gender, if you choose to provide it. Some employers are required by law to collect this information on a voluntary basis;
Information about your business, such as company name, size, and business type.

Your contact information like name, email address, postal address, and phone numberYour resume including job experienceThe information use to apply to jobs on MonsterInformation imported by you from third party applications;Information you provide to us when you contact MonsterYour race, ethnicity, or gender, if you choose to provide it. Some employers are required by law to collect this information on a voluntary basis;Information about your business, such as company name, size, and business type.You can correct or remove this information by accessing your account settings. We also collect information from you in the following ways:

Single Sign-on: If you choose to sign in to Monster with Facebook or similar services, we import the requested information from your account and we make it part of your profile.

Referrals: We may collect from you personal information about others. For instance, if you choose to use our service to share site content with a friend, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. We temporarily store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.





We do not collect sensitive personal data like; financial information such as Bank Account details or Credit Card or Debit Card or other payment related details; physical and mental or other health conditions or medical records and history; Biometric information such as finger prints, voice & facial patterns and DNA any other sensitive information which is confidential or sensitive by its nature. We do not store information of users like password of your e mail account. The password of your Monster account automatically get saved in the Monster server when you create an account or register with Monster and not authorized by Monster for access unless desired under any legal obligation.



If you choose to login with Facebook or similar sites, we import the information that you choose to share with us by installing the application or logging into that platform or site, and we make it part of your profile. Because Monster sites and applications are intended to allow you to share your information and to allow others to find you, we make certain information about you publicly available by default. Such information may, for example, be accessed by everyone on the Internet, including users without accounts, and may appear in public search engine search results. However, you can control the visibility of your information by managing your privacy settings. You can also restrict the information available to others by deleting information you do not want visible or by not providing it at all.


Information automatically collected about you when you use Monster website
          We gather certain information automatically when you visit our site or use our mobile applications. This information includes:
        
Your activity on Monster, including the jobs you search for, view, and apply to
Your internet protocol (IP) address and internet service provider (ISP)
Your browser type and device ID
the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.)
operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data

We gather certain information automatically when you visit our site or use our mobile applications. This information includes:This data is collected about you automatically and is processed for Monster’s legitimate interest. We combine this information with personal data to help detect and prevent fraud. We also combine this data with your profile and resume data to return the best job search results to you.


How Information is used
We use the information we gather on the web site for the purposes of:

Providing our services 
responding to any queries you may have;
operating and improving the web site;
fostering a positive user experience; and
delivering the products and services that we offer to jobseekers and employers 

We use information with your consent as described at the time we collect that consent. This includes your account creation, resume upload at Monster website
We use personal data for our legitimate interests, namely:

To operate Monster services; 
To contact and communicate with you when you contact us;
To analyze, improve and optimize Monster services; and
To protect Monster Services and the rights of users and others
To enforce terms of Monster’s services and prevent fraud and abuse of Monster systems



By registering with Monster, by managing your profile, by publicly posting information, or by opting in when presented with choices, you have consented for us to use your information in the following ways:


To provide you with our services, which includes

To create a Monster account for you, including any resume you create or upload
To enable you to search for jobs and share them with others
To enable you to apply for jobs
to help potential employers find your resume and contact you;
to make purchases;
to enable you to contact us and for us to respond to you;
to display targeted recruitment messages from employers;
To contact you with service-related communications and security updates
to provide information about you and your interest in job postings to employers;
to provide products and services to employer customers to complete the recruitment and hiring process;


For marketing

to provide personalized, targeted, or location-based content, services, and advertising from us and third parties;
to send you job alerts, newsletters, career advice, or other marketing communications you have opted in to receive;
to inform you of other products or services available from Monster or its affiliates;
to conduct surveys, promotions and contests, and to publish the results thereof;

To improve our services

to give search engines access to public information;
to conduct analytics and generate internal reports about the use of our sites and applications;
to track which jobs you search for, view, and apply to

For security and fraud prevention

to detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal; and
to make suggestions and draw inferences about you. For example, we may make suggestions about people you may know or additional jobs, products or services that might be of interest to you. Or, if you identify yourself as "Ms." Or  "Mrs." we will assume you are female.

Some of our products and services, such as our resume and profile database and social media search, enable third parties to see your personal information and to contact you.



Information you post in public areas of the site or place in the searchable resume database will be accessed, used, and stored by others around the world, including those in countries that might not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection of personal information as defined by your country of residence. While Monster takes measures to safeguard your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use Monster does not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you  provide to us. Accordingly, you should ensure that you do not post sensitive information, or any other information you would not want made public, to any Monster Site or application or to a public website.



Our services include the display of personalized products, content, and advertising relating to your career experience and interests. We use data we have about you to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third party. We show you targeted ads on our sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship. These ads are targeted based on information we collect about you and information about you we acquire from third parties.

Information about all Monster Visitors
We gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users access the most. We only use such data anonymously and in the aggregate. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for you. We may share this information with our partners, but only in the aggregate, so that they too may understand how Monster visitors use our Web Site, and also create a better overall experience for you. We do not disclose information about your individual visits to Monster to any outside parties, except when to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations or in legal proceedings when such information is relevant.


Information about you specifically
Monster is a career site; we retain your personal information to assist in your career performance or management including finding or retaining work; or to facilitate other services to or by us.

For example, when you sign up to use a service, enter into a contest, or purchase a product, we collect more specific personal information about you, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, qualifications or career history.


If you choose to do so we may also retain sensitive information about you such as information about your membership in a professional or trade association or trade union.


We may also ask you for other information, such as information on your interests, your likes and dislikes regarding the Web Site, the types of jobs you are interested in, etc., in an effort to deliver to you the best possible Web Site experience. When you grant us your permission, we will communicate with you regularly with tips, advice and survey information on using the Monster Web Site to maximize your career development. Monster also provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of these types of communications. If you choose to receive these types of communications at the time of registration, but later decide you no longer want to receive them, simply log in to your My Monster account and edit your account profile.


If you input your information on a co-branded registration page, such as that of a Monster and partner company-sponsored contest, then your information will be collected, used and becomes the property of both Monster and the partner co-sponsoring the contest. In that instance, Monster is not responsible for the information that the partner company receives or how it is used.


If you do not provide us with the information sought in the required fields Monster may be limited in its ability to provide you with services.


Use and Disclosure of the Information we collect
We provide you with a platform to broadcast information about yourself to maximize your career opportunities. The information we gather may be shared with the following categories of third parties:
The Monster group of companies on a worldwide basis;
Employers, when you make your resume searchable or apply to a job;
Other companies hired to provide services on Monster’s behalf;
Other third parties where required by law;
Other third parties when you give your consent to such sharing such as for Monster resume services / Monster Career services;

By applying to a job, providing your contact information to show interest in a job, or by replying to a message from an employer, you consent to the disclosure of your information to that employer and to be contacted by such employer for employment related purposes.


We use the information we gather on the Web Site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purposes of operating and improving the Web Site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer.
If you have provided consent for us to do so, we may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliated companies or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered and we may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Web Site to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered andmay also provide additional communications, promotions and information on new Monster opportunities, and additional job postings which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you.


In addition, at the time of creation of your account, you have the option to elect or not elect to receive additional communications, information and promotions, including without limitation, free informational newsletters from us relating to topics that may be of special interest to you, such as career management advice which option you may change on login to your account privacy settings.


We do not share contact information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your consent unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. We also share information in the following ways
We share your information to employers who have posted job opportunities that may be of interest to you on the Web Site when you apply for those jobs.
We share your information with our service providers, which are third parties who help us in the delivery of our products and services to you. Examples include hosting our web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These service providers will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not use that data for any other purpose. We will remain responsible for any information shared in this way.
We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you make your resume searchable, then all parties with access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) will have access to your resume. If you indicate by configuring your profile that you would like to receive information about the opportunities, products or services of third parties, we supply your contact information to select third parties such as employers, recruiters, data aggregators, marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you. We use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third party. For example, if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the opportunities, products or services of third parties at the time you register for a Monster account, we supply your contact information to third parties such as employers, recruiters, data aggregators, marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you. We also share aggregated information (including location data) about visitors to the Monster Sites with Monster's clients, partners, other Site visitors, and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Sites and how those visitors use the Sites in order to serve advertisements to you on our Sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship. We may also aggregate on an anonymous basis data regarding job qualifications, schooling, age, experience level or other information relevant to the job search or competition among job seekers for any such job. Such aggregated data does not identify users individually, and may be made available to employers or fellow job seekers or community members. We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include hosting our web servers, data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as may necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.
We supply technology, hosting, hiring management and related services to other leading companies to power recruitment areas on their Web sites (sometimes referred to as "Hosted Career Sites"). Personal and/or demographic information supplied by you in Hosted Career Sites becomes part of the Monster database, but it is not accessible by anyone other than you, Monster, and the company concerned without your consent. If you attempt to register with Monster after registering with a Hosted Career Site, Monster will recognize your information and you will be able to use the information you provided to the Hosted Career Site in your account registration.
Information gathered on a page in a Hosted Career Site area or on a co-branded page may be retained by both Monster and the other company. In that instance, the use of such information by the other company will be subject to the privacy policy of both companies which will be published on the co-branded sites.
We may disclose to third parties information that we have collected from other websites.
	We disclose information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith after considering your privacy interests and other factors that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public. We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires any or all of Monster's business units, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event Monster becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Monster or its liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court. You will be notified of the sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party by email or through a prominent notice posted on the Site.

Policy For Private Resume Database Hosting

Monster provides a variety of services to its customers related to hosting private databases, and the use of certain Monster applications in connection with such databases. These Hosted Databases are hosted by Monster, but Monster does not own the data in the Hosted Databases or submitted to our applications. These Hosted Databases may contain personal information about individuals, including candidates for employment and existing employees of our customers. Such data may include contact details, work history, educational history, work preferences, and other data, depending on the particular customer and application at issue, and, in some instances, may include personally identifiable information ("Personal Information").
Monster provides hosting space to the customers who own these Databases and utilize our applications on such data, and Monster therefore conduct its activities strictly in accordance with the customer instructions and pursuant to Monster’s contractual arrangements with them. Monster’s customers act as data controllers with respect to all such Hosted Databases. The data in such databases, including any such data submitted to our applications, is subject to the customer’s privacy policies. If you are a candidate for employment with one of our customers, you should refer to the customer's Terms & conditions / Privacy page on their career site to understand the terms and privacy practices that apply to your data. Moreover, if you would like to access and review your Personal Information, you should contact our customer with any such requests. We will cooperate as appropriate with requests from our customers to assist with such responses.
Monster is not responsible for its customer’s privacy policies or practices.


An Important Note about Your Resume
We give you the option of putting your resume in our database.


When you create or post a resume to the Sites, that resume is stored in our searchable resume database in Singapore. You may control the status of your resume by setting it to private or public.
You can store your resume in our database, but not allow it to be searchable by potential employers or recruiters. Not allowing your resume to be searchable means that you can use it to apply for a job online, but employers and recruiters will not have access to search it through our resume database product.


If you set your resume as private, it is not searchable by potential employers or other with access to our resume database. You may still use your resume to apply online to a job. If you do apply online to a job with a Private resume, your resume will be transferred to the relevant employer, who may retain a copy of your resume. 

If you set your resume as public, but want your contact information to be confidential, your resume will be searchable by potential employers, but we will hide your contact information and current company. You must also remove your contact information from your uploaded or copy and paste text resume. You should be aware that if you have a rare skill or job title, for example, it may still be possible for you to be identified even without your contact details being included. If you are worried about being identified, you should not include specific details by which you could be identified. If you use a confidential resume to apply to a job online, the employer to whom you send your resume will be able to view your contact information in order to contact you about your application.

If you allow your resume to be searchable without making it confidential, then all parties with access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) will have access to your resume. Employers or other parties with access to our searchable resume database may be located in countries whose data protection legislation may not be equivalent to the laws in your country. For example, your resume may be viewed and accessed by employers outside the European Economic Area who have access to our searchable database. By making your resume searchable, you are expressly consenting to such transfers of data.

We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database to legitimate users such as paying employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters and human resource professionals, as well as law enforcement and national security agencies, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. We cannot control the use made of resumes by third parties who access such resumes while they are in our searchable database. You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time; details of how to do this are given below. However, employers, recruiters and others who have paid for access to that database, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that parties other than those mentioned above will not, without our consent, gain access to this database. However Monster is not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes by any third parties. We cannot control the retention, use or privacy of resumes or profiles that have been downloaded by third parties. Accordingly, you should not put sensitive information, personality profiles, or other information you would not want made public, in your resume.

We attempt to limit access to our resume and profile database to legitimate users, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. Once your resume has been disclosed, Monster is not able to retrieve it from the third parties who accessed it. Accordingly, you should not put sensitive information, personality profiles, or other information you would not want made public, in your resume or profile.


If you provide us with details of a reference, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so.

If you use our facilities to build a resume or to post a resume in our database, then you will be providing us with personal data we will use in accordance with this Statement. Your resume must not contain sensitive data relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health or genetic makeup (vi) addictions, sexual life (vii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines, or (viii) any Social Security Number or national identification number, if you set your resume as private unless you have previously sent to us your written consent that we may process your sensitive personal data, if Monster determines this to be a requirement of applicable law. If your resume does contain such data and you set your resume as public, then you agree that we may retain this information and use it in accordance with this Statement. We cannot control third parties' access to such information from our searchable database.


Posting Your Information to Public Areas of Monster
Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of Monster, such as in online forums, public profiles, chat rooms, or in the searchable resume database, such information may be collected and used by others. 
Updating Account Information
We wish to ensure your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date. Monster allows you to change or correct your personal information at any time. To do so, simply log into your My Monster account, and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted.

Access to  and Storage of Your Personal Information
Data Retention: 
Because managing your career is a life-long process, we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make repeat use of our sites more efficient, practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal information as described below. We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

If you are located in the European Union and you do not sign in to your account or interact with our services for more than five years , your account will expire and be scheduled for removal from our site. Expired accounts are deleted on a routine basis. If your account contains a resume, you will receive an email from us before we delete your resume in this manner.

Access to your Personal Data: You can gain access to the personal information you have provided by visiting our Web Site.   To do so, login to your account, go to your resume or profile, and make the desired changes. Upon request Monster will provide you with access to information we hold about you. You may access, update, or delete your resume or profile at any time.If you need assistance to log in you can contact us by calling or emailing info@monsterindia.com. If you do not have an account, or if you believe that someone else has provided us with your contact information, please contact us emailing info@monsterindia.com. 


You also have the rights to data portability and to request that Monster restrict processing data about you.

Access to, or correction, update, or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Monster if it would violate another person’s rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.

You can delete your resume from Monster’s online database, close your account at any time in which event we will remove all our copies of your resume and your account information from the Web Site.
Your choices about Your Information


Because managing your career is a life-long process, we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal data as described below. You may have access to, review, correct, update, and change or delete your account profile information or resume at any time. Simply log into your account, go to your profile or resume, and make the necessary changes. You may delete your resume from Monster's online database at any time by accessing your account. Before providing you with a copy of your personal information or correcting, updating or deleting such information, we reserve the right to verify and authenticate your identity and the personal information to which you have requested access. Access to or correction, updating or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Monster if it would violate another person's rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We will respond to information access requests within 30 days of receipt. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law. We will respond to information access requests within 30 days of receipt. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law.

If you wish to delete or close your account or account profile information altogether, please contact us at info@monsterindia.com to contact us. An email will be sent to you to confirm that your personal information has been deleted. We may retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, investigate security incidents, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain anonymized information after your account has been closed. We will respond to information access requests within a reasonable timeframe. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within a reasonable timeframe and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law.

Some Monster customers store their resume databases on Monster servers. Monster is a data processor for personal information received in this way. If you would like to access, review, or correct your personal information, you should contact our customer (your potential or existing employer) with any such requests. We will cooperate as appropriate with requests from our customers to assist with such responses.

If you do not want your information to be processed as described by this policy, you make revoke your consent to our Privacy Policy. If you wish to do so, please info@monsterindia.com to contact us. However, please note that if you do withdraw your consent, you may not be able to use the relevant services and your account and profile information will be deleted.

If you previously opted to receive newsletters, commercial e-mails or other communications from Monster or third parties, but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by editing your account profile as described above. If you previously opted not to receive such communications, you may later opt-in by editing your account profile.

Online SecurityIf you are buying a product from Monster via the Web Site, your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") encryption technology before being sent over the Internet. SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred. However, we cannot guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details and credit card information. When we receive your order, it is kept encrypted until we are ready to process it. We will take reasonable steps to keep the information you provide us with secure.



Monster Database
The information you provide is stored on the Monster database. To provide you with the highest quality service the Monster database is located in Singapore. Monster.com (India) Private Limited a company incorporated and registered under the Companies Act, 1956 and deemed to be existing under the Companies Act, 2013 bearing Corporate Identification Number (CIN)- U72200TG2000PTC035617 having its registered office at 8-2-293/82/A/1024 & 1024/1, Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad-500 033, Telangana, India,  is the legal entity determining the purposes and means of processing the information gathered on Monster site and applications and is the data controller of all data Monster collects from you. Monster is also a data controller of personal data collected on its website (site).

Feedback
Monster has areas on the Web Site where you can submit feedback. Any feedback that is submitted through this area becomes the property of Monster. We may use this feedback at any time for any purposes, such as success stories for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback on the Web Site.


Important Information
Security 
You are responsible for ensuring that your log-in credentials (your username and password) are kept confidential.

Monster has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. Notwithstanding such measures, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Moreover, one of our primary purposes is to provide you with a platform to broadcast the information in your resume and profile widely in order to maximize your career opportunities. Such an environment does present a risk that unauthorized third parties will view this data, so you should refer to our Security Center for additional information on conducting a safe job search. Further, your resume should not contain any sensitive data that you would not want made public. You should be aware that resumes may be monitored by your current employer.

We also use cookies, web beacons, and Java Script to administer our site and deliver a personalized experience. For additional detailed information on each of these, please see below.

Children 
We do not specifically collect information about children. We believe that children should get their parent’s consent before giving out personal information. If you are concerned about your child’s use of Monster, we encourage you to use Web filtering technology to supervise your child’s access to the Web Site. We also encourage you to participate in your child’s experience with Monster. With a little guidance, the Web Site can prove very useful in finding a part time or summer job for your child, as well as providing them with excellent career counselling information

Changes to Privacy Statement
If we decide to materially change the substance of this Privacy Statement, we will, where required, contact you via the email address that you maintain in your profile. We will also post those changes through a prominent notice on the web site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it.
Thank you for using Monster. We are committed to providing you with the best tools and advice to help you get ahead in your career. We welcome your feedback and suggestions. Please contact us by calling or email info@monsterindia.com 


Legal and Contact Information
If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Statement, please feel free to contact us online at PrivacyPolicy@Monsterindia.com or at:
By post / mail :
L D Pandey, Legal Department, 
Monster.com India Private Limited
Tapasya Building, 6th Floor, 
Plot No. 5 EFGH, Sector-126. 
Noida, 201301, U.P., India

By telephone: 
+91-120-4024307

We will use reasonable efforts to answer promptly your question or resolve your problem.
Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in their respective country. 

Cookies and Online Advertising

Cookies: Monster and its partners use cookies on the Monster sites to analyze trends, administer websites, track user’s movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Cookies help personalize and maximize your use of our site, including storing user preferences, improving search results and ad selection, and tracking user trends. You can control your cookies at the browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service. 

We use the following types of cookies:

Security: These cookies allow us to secure access to your account.
Preference: These cookies are used to store your preferences like language choice and display of job search results.
Analytics: We track traffic patterns so we can identify popular content and potential problems.
Features: We track which jobs you search for, view, and apply to so we can show you more jobs like those. We also use cookies to split some users into test groups to test new features.
Advertising: We use non-identifiable information about you to show you advertising on Monster and third party sites.


Some cookies will remain on your computer after you have left our site. Security cookies will remain for 30 days after your last visit., Monster cookies relating to advertisements and site notices will remain for some days  or unless you choose to delete them.
We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are using our sites and applications. When this happens, these companies can set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. The cookies placed by these third parties could remain on your computer after you have left our site for somedays unless you choose to delete them.
Monster also uses web beacons (sometimes called pixels) and JavaScript. We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from Monster if your computer supports this type of program.


Monster also uses "Flash cookies", also known as "Local Shared Objects", to preserve video player settings and for security purposes. You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies.



Advertising Opt Out: Monster uses several third parties to help provide analytics and to serve advertisements, including DoubleClick, Atlas Solutionsand Adobe. You can opt out of third party cookies by setting your browser to decline cookies. Otherwise, if you do not wish to allow your use of our sites to be aggregated and analyzed by Adobe Analytics, or used by Adobe to tailor dynamic content to your specific interests, you may opt out from Adobe at https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html. Monster’s website does not respond to web browser do not track signals. Visit Third Party Advertising on Monster.com to see a list of many of the companies that Monster works with in connection with serving personalized ads. 



Our site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets such as the Share This button. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

We predominately use "session" cookies, which are not permanently stored on your hard drive. Session cookies expire after two hours of inactivity or when you close your browser. When you carry out a job search or apply online a large amount of data is processed by our system and transferred through each page of the search or application process. This information includes your job search criteria, data that identifies your resume, covering letter, the job you are applying for, your right to work in the relevant country and the results of any questionnaire you have completed as part of the online application process as well as demographic information that is not unique to you. "Session" cookies allow us to keep track of this data until you have completed your search or application. We also use cookies to identify users who have been banned from using our forums for behavior that contradicts our terms of use and to track click streams, for load balancing and to enable you to navigate through the site using redirection pages.
We use "persistent" cookies primarily to ensure that we do not show you pages that you have already seen and to personalize your site experience and save you time. "Persistent" Cookies enable us to recognize whether you have responded If you are a recruiter and have an arrangement in place with Monster we also use "persistent" cookies to recall your status when you access our site. The "persistent" cookies we use will remain on your computer after you have left our site & some cookies will remain persistent for some particular duration of time. We also allow persistent third party cookies as part of online advertising campaigns to determine and track site traffic landing from Monster’s advertising banners that have been placed on the websites of third parties. The data collected via these cookies is anonymous and the information is not linked to your personally identifiable information without your permission.The "persistent" cookies placed by our third party ad servers will remain on your computer for some days after you have left our site unless you choose to delete them"


You can opt-out of customized advertising by third parties by setting your browser to decline third party cookies or some browsers allow you to block cookies from a particular third party whose customized advertising you do not wish to receive. You can also delete the advertiser’s cookie each time after it has been served. In addition, third party advertisers, including advertising networks, may offer an opt-out of their customized advertising. If you visit an advertiser’s own web site, you will be able to see their policies. If you wish, you may opt out of Google’s use of customized advertising by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page, you can opt out of DoubleClick’s use of customized advertising by visiting the DoubleClick opt-out page, and you can opt out of Right Media’s use of customized advertising by visiting Right Media opt out page.


You will find additional information about the following third party ad servers at www.doubleclick.com; www.atlassolutions.com/privacy; and www.omniture.com/en/privacy. You may also click here to see a list of many of the companies that Monster works with in connection with serving personalized ads. Otherwise, if you do not wish to allow your session visitation information on our Sites to be aggregated and analyzed by Omniture, or used by Omniture to tailor dynamic content to your specific interests, you may utilize the following opt out mechanism www.omniture.com/en/privacy/policy#optout.


Please note that if you opt-out of cookies by changing your browser settings, your opt-out will be saved but it may not be carried with you if you choose to use another browser or log-in from another computer. You should check your browser settings each time you open a new browser or log-in from a different computer.


This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.


Additionally, Monster uses "Flash cookies", also known as "Local Shared Objects", to preserve video player settings and for user authentication purposes. You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies here.


Web Beacons: Monster Web pages and the Web pages of our partners also utilize electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs, clear gifs or action tags) that allow us to collect certain information about user visits to these Web pages (including the number of users who have visited those pages), measure and improve the effectiveness of advertisements and job postings, and deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about web site usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of page view and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. This information may be shared with third party processors for processing on behalf of Monster, as well as with clients, partners, and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Web pages, how those visitors use those Web Pages, and the effectiveness of their advertisements and job postings. 
Because Web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe page, you cannot opt out or refuse them. However, they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or changing the cookie setup in your browser.


JavaScript: Monster also uses JavaScript, for example, within certain advertisements. JavaScript is a script language that enhances the functionality of websites, particularly in respect to pictures. We are not collecting any personal data via JavaScript but use it to inform employers about how many applicants have clicked on email addresses embedded in their job ads, for example. You may deactivate JavaScript via your browser settings or activate it the same way. If you disable JavaScript you will not be able to use some of the functions of the website. Thank you for using Monster.


Update effective: May, 2018
We use the information we gather on the web site for the purposes of:We use information with your consent as described at the time we collect that consent. This includes your account creation, resume upload at Monster website We use personal data for our legitimate interests, namely:By registering with Monster, by managing your profile, by publicly posting information, or by opting in when presented with choices, you have consented for us to use your information in the following ways:To provide you with our services, which includesSome of our products and services, such as our resume and profile database and social media search, enable third parties to see your personal information and to contact you.Information you post in public areas of the site or place in the searchable resume database will be accessed, used, and stored by others around the world, including those in countries that might not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection of personal information as defined by your country of residence. While Monster takes measures to safeguard your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use Monster does not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you provide to us. Accordingly, you should ensure that you do not post sensitive information, or any other information you would not want made public, to any Monster Site or application or to a public website.Our services include the display of personalized products, content, and advertising relating to your career experience and interests. We use data we have about you to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third party. We show you targeted ads on our sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship. These ads are targeted based on information we collect about you and information about you we acquire from third parties.We gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users access the most. We only use such data anonymously and in the aggregate. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for you. We may share this information with our partners, but only in the aggregate, so that they too may understand how Monster visitors use our Web Site, and also create a better overall experience for you. We do not disclose information about your individual visits to Monster to any outside parties, except when to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations or in legal proceedings when such information is relevant.Monster is a career site; we retain your personal information to assist in your career performance or management including finding or retaining work; or to facilitate other services to or by us.For example, when you sign up to use a service, enter into a contest, or purchase a product, we collect more specific personal information about you, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, qualifications or career history.If you choose to do so we may also retain sensitive information about you such as information about your membership in a professional or trade association or trade union.We may also ask you for other information, such as information on your interests, your likes and dislikes regarding the Web Site, the types of jobs you are interested in, etc., in an effort to deliver to you the best possible Web Site experience. When you grant us your permission, we will communicate with you regularly with tips, advice and survey information on using the Monster Web Site to maximize your career development. Monster also provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of these types of communications. If you choose to receive these types of communications at the time of registration, but later decide you no longer want to receive them, simply log in to your My Monster account and edit your account profile.If you input your information on a co-branded registration page, such as that of a Monster and partner company-sponsored contest, then your information will be collected, used and becomes the property of both Monster and the partner co-sponsoring the contest. In that instance, Monster is not responsible for the information that the partner company receives or how it is used.If you do not provide us with the information sought in the required fields Monster may be limited in its ability to provide you with services.Use and Disclosure of the Information we collect We provide you with a platform to broadcast information about yourself to maximize your career opportunities. The information we gather may be shared with the following categories of third parties:By applying to a job, providing your contact information to show interest in a job, or by replying to a message from an employer, you consent to the disclosure of your information to that employer and to be contacted by such employer for employment related purposes.We use the information we gather on the Web Site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purposes of operating and improving the Web Site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer. If you have provided consent for us to do so, we may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliated companies or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered and we may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Web Site to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered andmay also provide additional communications, promotions and information on new Monster opportunities, and additional job postings which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you.In addition, at the time of creation of your account, you have the option to elect or not elect to receive additional communications, information and promotions, including without limitation, free informational newsletters from us relating to topics that may be of special interest to you, such as career management advice which option you may change on login to your account privacy settings.We do not share contact information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your consent unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. We also share information in the following waysMonster provides a variety of services to its customers related to hosting private databases, and the use of certain Monster applications in connection with such databases. These Hosted Databases are hosted by Monster, but Monster does not own the data in the Hosted Databases or submitted to our applications. These Hosted Databases may contain personal information about individuals, including candidates for employment and existing employees of our customers. Such data may include contact details, work history, educational history, work preferences, and other data, depending on the particular customer and application at issue, and, in some instances, may include personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"). Monster provides hosting space to the customers who own these Databases and utilize our applications on such data, and Monster therefore conduct its activities strictly in accordance with the customer instructions and pursuant to Monster’s contractual arrangements with them. Monster’s customers act as data controllers with respect to all such Hosted Databases. The data in such databases, including any such data submitted to our applications, is subject to the. If you are a candidate for employment with one of our customers, you should refer to the customer's Terms & conditions / Privacy page on their career site to understand the terms and privacy practices that apply to your data. Moreover, if you would like to access and review your Personal Information, you should contact our customer with any such requests. We will cooperate as appropriate with requests from our customers to assist with such responses. Monster is not responsible for its customer’s privacy policies or practices.We give you the option of putting your resume in our database.When you create or post a resume to the Sites, that resume is stored in our searchable resume database in Singapore. You may control the status of your resume by setting it to private or public.You can store your resume in our database, but not allow it to be searchable by potential employers or recruiters. Not allowing your resume to be searchable means that you can use it to apply for a job online, but employers and recruiters will not have access to search it through our resume database product.If you set your resume as private, it is not searchable by potential employers or other with access to our resume database. You may still use your resume to apply online to a job. If you do apply online to a job with a Private resume, your resume will be transferred to the relevant employer, who may retain a copy of your resume.If you set your resume as public, but want your contact information to be confidential, your resume will be searchable by potential employers, but we will hide your contact information and current company. You must also remove your contact information from your uploaded or copy and paste text resume. You should be aware that if you have a rare skill or job title, for example, it may still be possible for you to be identified even without your contact details being included. If you are worried about being identified, you should not include specific details by which you could be identified. If you use a confidential resume to apply to a job online, the employer to whom you send your resume will be able to view your contact information in order to contact you about your application.If you allow your resume to be searchable without making it confidential, then all parties with access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) will have access to your resume. Employers or other parties with access to our searchable resume database may be located in countries whose data protection legislation may not be equivalent to the laws in your country. For example, your resume may be viewed and accessed by employers outside the European Economic Area who have access to our searchable database. By making your resume searchable, you are expressly consenting to such transfers of data.We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database to legitimate users such as paying employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters and human resource professionals, as well as law enforcement and national security agencies, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. We cannot control the use made of resumes by third parties who access such resumes while they are in our searchable database. You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time; details of how to do this are given below. However, employers, recruiters and others who have paid for access to that database, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that parties other than those mentioned above will not, without our consent, gain access to this database. However Monster is not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes by any third parties. We cannot control the retention, use or privacy of resumes or profiles that have been downloaded by third parties. Accordingly, you should not put sensitive information, personality profiles, or other information you would not want made public, in your resume.We attempt to limit access to our resume and profile database to legitimate users, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. Once your resume has been disclosed, Monster is not able to retrieve it from the third parties who accessed it. Accordingly, you should not put sensitive information, personality profiles, or other information you would not want made public, in your resume or profile.If you provide us with details of a reference, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so.If you use our facilities to build a resume or to post a resume in our database, then you will be providing us with personal data we will use in accordance with this Statement. Your resume must not contain sensitive data relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health or genetic makeup (vi) addictions, sexual life (vii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines, or (viii) any Social Security Number or national identification number, if you set your resume as private unless you have previously sent to us your written consent that we may process your sensitive personal data, if Monster determines this to be a requirement of applicable law. If your resume does contain such data and you set your resume as public, then you agree that we may retain this information and use it in accordance with this Statement. We cannot control third parties' access to such information from our searchable database.Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of Monster, such as in online forums, public profiles, chat rooms, or in the searchable resume database, such information may be collected and used by others.We wish to ensure your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date. Monster allows you to change or correct your personal information at any time. To do so, simply log into your My Monster account, and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted.Because managing your career is a life-long process, we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make repeat use of our sites more efficient, practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal information as described below. We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.If you are located in the European Union and you do not sign in to your account or interact with our services for more than five years , your account will expire and be scheduled for removal from our site. Expired accounts are deleted on a routine basis. If your account contains a resume, you will receive an email from us before we delete your resume in this manner.Access to your Personal Data: You can gain access to the personal information you have provided by visiting our Web Site. To do so, login to your account, go to your resume or profile, and make the desired changes. Upon request Monster will provide you with access to information we hold about you. You may access, update, or delete your resume or profile at any time.If you need assistance to log in you can contact us by calling or emailing info@monsterindia.com. If you do not have an account, or if you believe that someone else has provided us with your contact information, please contact us emailing info@monsterindia.com.You also have the rights to data portability and to request that Monster restrict processing data about you.Access to, or correction, update, or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Monster if it would violate another person’s rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.You can delete your resume from Monster’s online database, close your account at any time in which event we will remove all our copies of your resume and your account information from the Web Site.Because managing your career is a life-long process, we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal data as described below. You may have access to, review, correct, update, and change or delete your account profile information or resume at any time. Simply log into your account, go to your profile or resume, and make the necessary changes. You may delete your resume from Monster's online database at any time by accessing your account. Before providing you with a copy of your personal information or correcting, updating or deleting such information, we reserve the right to verify and authenticate your identity and the personal information to which you have requested access. Access to or correction, updating or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Monster if it would violate another person's rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We will respond to information access requests within 30 days of receipt. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law. We will respond to information access requests within 30 days of receipt. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law.If you wish to delete or close your account or account profile information altogether, please contact us at info@monsterindia.com to contact us. An email will be sent to you to confirm that your personal information has been deleted. We may retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, investigate security incidents, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain anonymized information after your account has been closed. We will respond to information access requests within a reasonable timeframe. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within a reasonable timeframe and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law.Some Monster customers store their resume databases on Monster servers. Monster is a data processor for personal information received in this way. If you would like to access, review, or correct your personal information, you should contact our customer (your potential or existing employer) with any such requests. We will cooperate as appropriate with requests from our customers to assist with such responses.If you do not want your information to be processed as described by this policy, you make revoke your consent to our Privacy Policy. If you wish to do so, please info@monsterindia.com to contact us. However, please note that if you do withdraw your consent, you may not be able to use the relevant services and your account and profile information will be deleted.If you previously opted to receive newsletters, commercial e-mails or other communications from Monster or third parties, but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by editing your account profile as described above. If you previously opted not to receive such communications, you may later opt-in by editing your account profile.If you are buying a product from Monster via the Web Site, your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") encryption technology before being sent over the Internet. SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred. However, we cannot guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details and credit card information. When we receive your order, it is kept encrypted until we are ready to process it. We will take reasonable steps to keep the information you provide us with secure.The information you provide is stored on the Monster database. To provide you with the highest quality service the Monster database is located in Singapore. Monster.com (India) Private Limited a company incorporated and registered under the Companies Act, 1956 and deemed to be existing under the Companies Act, 2013 bearing Corporate Identification Number (CIN)- U72200TG2000PTC035617 having its registered office at 8-2-293/82/A/1024 & 1024/1, Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad-500 033, Telangana, India, is the legal entity determining the purposes and means of processing the information gathered on Monster site and applications and is the data controller of all data Monster collects from you. Monster is also a data controller of personal data collected on its website (site).Monster has areas on the Web Site where you can submit feedback. Any feedback that is submitted through this area becomes the property of Monster. We may use this feedback at any time for any purposes, such as success stories for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback on the Web Site.You are responsible for ensuring that your log-in credentials (your username and password) are kept confidential.Monster has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. Notwithstanding such measures, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Moreover, one of our primary purposes is to provide you with a platform to broadcast the information in your resume and profile widely in order to maximize your career opportunities. Such an environment does present a risk that unauthorized third parties will view this data, so you should refer to our Security Center for additional information on conducting a safe job search. Further, your resume should not contain any sensitive data that you would not want made public. You should be aware that resumes may be monitored by your current employer.We also use cookies, web beacons, and Java Script to administer our site and deliver a personalized experience. For additional detailed information on each of these, please see below.We do not specifically collect information about children. We believe that children should get their parent’s consent before giving out personal information. If you are concerned about your child’s use of Monster, we encourage you to use Web filtering technology to supervise your child’s access to the Web Site. We also encourage you to participate in your child’s experience with Monster. With a little guidance, the Web Site can prove very useful in finding a part time or summer job for your child, as well as providing them with excellent career counselling informationIf we decide to materially change the substance of this Privacy Statement, we will, where required, contact you via the email address that you maintain in your profile. We will also post those changes through a prominent notice on the web site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. Thank you for using Monster. We are committed to providing you with the best tools and advice to help you get ahead in your career. We welcome your feedback and suggestions. Please contact us by calling or email info@monsterindia.comIf, at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Statement, please feel free to contact us online at PrivacyPolicy@Monsterindia.com or at:L D Pandey, Legal Department,Monster.com India Private LimitedTapasya Building, 6th Floor,Plot No. 5 EFGH, Sector-126.Noida, 201301, U.P., India+91-120-4024307We will use reasonable efforts to answer promptly your question or resolve your problem. Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in their respective country.Cookies: Monster and its partners use cookies on the Monster sites to analyze trends, administer websites, track user’s movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Cookies help personalize and maximize your use of our site, including storing user preferences, improving search results and ad selection, and tracking user trends. You can control your cookies at the browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.Some cookies will remain on your computer after you have left our site. Security cookies will remain for 30 days after your last visit., Monster cookies relating to advertisements and site notices will remain for some days or unless you choose to delete them. We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are using our sites and applications. When this happens, these companies can set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. The cookies placed by these third parties could remain on your computer after you have left our site for somedays unless you choose to delete them. Monster also uses web beacons (sometimes called pixels) and JavaScript. We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from Monster if your computer supports this type of program.Monster also uses "Flash cookies", also known as "Local Shared Objects", to preserve video player settings and for security purposes. You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies.Advertising Opt Out: Monster uses several third parties to help provide analytics and to serve advertisements, including DoubleClick, Atlas Solutionsand Adobe. You can opt out of third party cookies by setting your browser to decline cookies. Otherwise, if you do not wish to allow your use of our sites to be aggregated and analyzed by Adobe Analytics, or used by Adobe to tailor dynamic content to your specific interests, you may opt out from Adobe at https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html. Monster’s website does not respond to web browser do not track signals. Visit Third Party Advertising on Monster.com to see a list of many of the companies that Monster works with in connection with serving personalized ads.Our site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets such as the Share This button. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.We predominately use "session" cookies, which are not permanently stored on your hard drive. Session cookies expire after two hours of inactivity or when you close your browser. When you carry out a job search or apply online a large amount of data is processed by our system and transferred through each page of the search or application process. This information includes your job search criteria, data that identifies your resume, covering letter, the job you are applying for, your right to work in the relevant country and the results of any questionnaire you have completed as part of the online application process as well as demographic information that is not unique to you. "Session" cookies allow us to keep track of this data until you have completed your search or application. We also use cookies to identify users who have been banned from using our forums for behavior that contradicts our terms of use and to track click streams, for load balancing and to enable you to navigate through the site using redirection pages.We use "persistent" cookies primarily to ensure that we do not show you pages that you have already seen and to personalize your site experience and save you time. "Persistent" Cookies enable us to recognize whether you have responded If you are a recruiter and have an arrangement in place with Monster we also use "persistent" cookies to recall your status when you access our site. The "persistent" cookies we use will remain on your computer after you have left our site & some cookies will remain persistent for some particular duration of time. We also allow persistent third party cookies as part of online advertising campaigns to determine and track site traffic landing from Monster’s advertising banners that have been placed on the websites of third parties. The data collected via these cookies is anonymous and the information is not linked to your personally identifiable information without your permission.The "persistent" cookies placed by our third party ad servers will remain on your computer for some days after you have left our site unless you choose to delete them"You can opt-out of customized advertising by third parties by setting your browser to decline third party cookies or some browsers allow you to block cookies from a particular third party whose customized advertising you do not wish to receive. You can also delete the advertiser’s cookie each time after it has been served. In addition, third party advertisers, including advertising networks, may offer an opt-out of their customized advertising. If you visit an advertiser’s own web site, you will be able to see their policies. If you wish, you may opt out of Google’s use of customized advertising by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page, you can opt out of DoubleClick’s use of customized advertising by visiting the DoubleClick opt-out page, and you can opt out of Right Media’s use of customized advertising by visiting Right Media opt out page.You will find additional information about the following third party ad servers at www.doubleclick.com; www.atlassolutions.com/privacy; and www.omniture.com/en/privacy. You may also click here to see a list of many of the companies that Monster works with in connection with serving personalized ads. Otherwise, if you do not wish to allow your session visitation information on our Sites to be aggregated and analyzed by Omniture, or used by Omniture to tailor dynamic content to your specific interests, you may utilize the following opt out mechanism www.omniture.com/en/privacy/policy#optout.Please note that if you opt-out of cookies by changing your browser settings, your opt-out will be saved but it may not be carried with you if you choose to use another browser or log-in from another computer. You should check your browser settings each time you open a new browser or log-in from a different computer.This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.Additionally, Monster uses "Flash cookies", also known as "Local Shared Objects", to preserve video player settings and for user authentication purposes. You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies here.Web Beacons: Monster Web pages and the Web pages of our partners also utilize electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs, clear gifs or action tags) that allow us to collect certain information about user visits to these Web pages (including the number of users who have visited those pages), measure and improve the effectiveness of advertisements and job postings, and deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about web site usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of page view and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. This information may be shared with third party processors for processing on behalf of Monster, as well as with clients, partners, and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Web pages, how those visitors use those Web Pages, and the effectiveness of their advertisements and job postings. Because Web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe page, you cannot opt out or refuse them. However, they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or changing the cookie setup in your browser.Monster also uses JavaScript, for example, within certain advertisements. JavaScript is a script language that enhances the functionality of websites, particularly in respect to pictures. We are not collecting any personal data via JavaScript but use it to inform employers about how many applicants have clicked on email addresses embedded in their job ads, for example. You may deactivate JavaScript via your browser settings or activate it the same way. If you disable JavaScript you will not be able to use some of the functions of the website. Thank you for using Monster.