Jessica Seinfeld, LLC (“JessicaSeinfeld.com” “we” or “us”) is the owner and operator of the Site and the provider of the Services. JessicaSeinfeld.com respects your privacy, and we created this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to explain how we collect, use and disclose your information when you access the Site and use the Services. The Privacy Policy is only applicable to our Site and our Services and not to any other website, service or online platform. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Service.
Types of Information Collected
Personal Information
Personal InformationJessicaSeinfeld.com may ask you for some or all of the following types of information which may be identifiable to you when you register for our services, access various content or features, or directly contact the site: (i) contact information, such as your email address and name; (ii) your age; and (iii) information for the purpose of authenticating yourself or your account if we have reason to believe, in our sole discretion, that you may be violating site policies or for any other reason we deem necessary (collectively “Personal Information”). You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of all Personal Information you submit to JessicaSeinfeld.com.
We also collect and store the Personal Information you voluntarily submit to us through registering with us or uploading or posting User Content through the Site or Services. If you are signed into your Tumblr, Twitter or Facebook account and you “like” or “comment” on JessicaSeinfeld.com Content (such as the recipes and articles found on our site) or other User Content, your Tumblr, Twitter or Facebook username will be displayed and so available to the public. You agree that your username, likes, feedback, and any associated comments may become public information; we therefore urge you to exercise caution when deciding to disclose any Personal Information on the Site or through the Services.
In addition, if you choose to purchase or subscribe to a feature or service of JessicaSeinfeld.com that requires a fee, you will be required to provide us with your billing information, including, without limitation, bank account numbers, credit card or debit card numbers, account details, ACH information, and similar data (collectively, “Billing Information”).
Non-Personal Information
Non-Personal InformationWe and our third party partners may automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our Site or Services. For instance, when you visit our websites, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Site or Services (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Site or Services, and other actions you take on the Site or Services), and allow us to track your usage of the Site or Services over time. We may collect log file information about your browser or mobile device each time you access the Site or Services. Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Site or Services, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Site and Services. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Site and Services. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Site and Services. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our Users, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
When you access our Site or Services by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
We may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (i) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (ii) provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising; (iii) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Site or Services; (iv) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Site or Services; (v) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (vi) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Site and Services.
We may permit third party ad networks, social media companies, and other third party services to collect information about browsing behavior from visitors to our Site or Services through cookies, social plug-ins, or other tracking technology. We may permit third party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our websites over time so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Site or Services as well as on other websites or services. Typically, the information is collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies and how you may opt-out of some of this tracking, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org). Depending on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through settings.
Our Use of Your Information
Our primary purpose in collecting information, both Personal Information and other, is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. You agree that we may use your information to: provide the services and customer support you request; troubleshoot problems and prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; customize, measure and improve our Site, our Services, content and advertising; tell you about and administer our Site and Services, targeted marketing, service updates, contests, sweepstakes, rewards, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences; monitor and enforce our Terms of Service; communicate with Users about products and/or services you may be interested in; verify your eligibility to use the Site or Services.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
JessicaSeinfeld.com is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you. We may disclose Personal Information, Billing Information and Non-Personal Information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone’s rights, property, or safety. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
We may also use and/or share your Personal Information, Billing Information and Non-Personal Information (collectively, “Information”) with, and you authorize us to use and/or share this information with:

Service providers under contract who help with our business operations. We employ these companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products and services to you.
We will share your Billing Information with a third party service provider as necessary to process your payments. The third party service provider stores your Billing Information; we do not store this information. Storage by the third party service provider of your Billing Information is subject to the privacy policies and practices of the third party service provider and is not subject to the terms of this privacy policy. By providing your Billing Information, you acknowledge and agree to use of such information by the third party service provider for purposes of processing your payment to us.
Certain of JessicaSeinfeld.com’s program participants under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.
Our affiliates and promotional partners, so they can offer you special products, services, discounts, tickets, and other items or services. Likewise, we may receive information from such affiliates and promotional partners to offer our Users special items or services.
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising.
We may sell or rent your information to third parties for marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
As we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, the Information may be part of the transferred assets.

In an ongoing effort to better understand our Users, we may analyze certain Non-Personal Information in anonymized and aggregate form in order to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the Site, the Services and/or such products and services. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may share and/or license this aggregate data to our affiliates, agents, business and promotional partners and other third parties. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe the Site and Services and these products and services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
We may share some or all of your Information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us.
We may also aggregate or otherwise strip Information of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties.
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customization programs, simply indicate your preference or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement. No Spam or Spyware. We do not tolerate spam. Spamming is explicitly prohibited it by our Terms of Service. If you would like to report an incident of spamming or other unauthorized communications from other Users, please contact us at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . We maintain the right to investigate such incidents and take suitable action.
Account Protection
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Nevertheless, no transmission over the Internet and no data storage method can be guaranteed to be safe all of the time. JessicaSeinfeld.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to JessicaSeinfeld.com or guarantee that your end user data stored on the Site and Services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our industry standard physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. In particular, e-mail sent to us may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail.
The Site and Services are hosted on servers in the United States. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By providing us with any information, you consent to its transfer and storage in the United States.
Email Communications
We may use your email to deliver JessicaSeinfeld.com’s newsletter, as well as for other promotional (e.g., new product offerings, special offers by us or other third parties) purposes. Email messages we send you may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the emails we send you, such usage includes whether the email was opened and what links (if any) were clicked. If you send an email to us, or fill out our “Feedback” form, we will collect your email address and the full content of your email, including attached files, and other information you provide.
You may indicate your preference to opt out of receiving promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional email you receive or by contacting us directly at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . You acknowledge that it may take up to ten (10) days for us to process an opt-out request. Please note, however, that you cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to your account with us.
Third Parties
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others Users on our Site and Services or on other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. We do not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We are not responsible for any information we do not collect. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your Personal Information to others.
Children
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important to us. For that reason, JessicaSeinfeld.com does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not give us any Personal Information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through the Site and Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
California Residents
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits residents of the State of California to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)  or write us at: 345 West 14th Street, New York, NY 10014
In addition, JessicaSeinfeld.com does not monitor, recognize, or honor any opt-out or do not track mechanisms, including general web browser “Do Not Track” settings and/or signals.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy. Any such changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here on our Site and Services so we urge to please visit this page frequently. In all cases, use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact JessicaSeinfeld.com via e-mail at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)  with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line.
Copyright © 2016 Jessica Seinfeld, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
Last Modified: October 19, 2016
Technical Restrictions

You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Site or Services in any medium, including without limitation by any automated or non-automated “scraping”; (ii) using any automated system, including without limitation “robots,” “spiders,” “offline readers,” etc., to access the Site or Services in a manner that sends more request messages to the JessicaSeinfeld.com servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser (except that JessicaSeinfeld.com grants the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy publically available materials from JessicaSeinfeld.comfor the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials); (iii) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (iv) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Site or Services; (v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vi) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Site or Services; (vii) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Site or Services; (viii) using the Site or Services for any commercial solicitation purposes; (ix) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity; (x) interfering with the proper working of the Site or Services; (xi) accessing any content on the Site or Services through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Site or Services; or (xii) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site or Services, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Site or Services or the content therein.
Accessing any audiovisual content that may be available on the Site or Services for any purpose or in any manner other than Streaming (as defined below) is expressly prohibited unless explicitly permitted by the functionality of the Site or Services. “Streaming” means a contemporaneous digital transmission of an audiovisual work via the Internet from the Site or Services to a User’s device in such a manner that the data is intended for real-time viewing and not intended to be copied, stored, permanently downloaded, or redistributed by the User.
User Content Restrictions
You agree not to post User Content that: (i) may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person, or to any animal; (ii) may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any person or property; (iii) seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or otherwise; (iv) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort; (v) contains any information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, obscene, or otherwise objectionable; (vi) contains any information or content that is illegal (including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider information under securities law or of another party’s trade secrets); (vii) contains any information or content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (viii) contains any information or content that you know is not correct and current; or (ix) violates any school or other applicable policy, including those related to cheating or ethics. You agree that any User Content that you post does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any intellectual property rights or rights of privacy. To the extent that your User Content contains music, you hereby represent that you are the owner of all the copyright rights, including without limitation the performance, mechanical, and sound recordings rights, with respect to each and every musical composition (including lyrics) and sound recording contained in such User Content and have the power to grant the license granted below. JessicaSeinfeld.com reserves the right, but is not obligated, to reject and/or remove any User Content that JessicaSeinfeld.com believes, in its sole discretion, violates any of these provisions. You understand that publishing your User Content on the Site or Services is not a substitute for registering it with the U.S. Copyright Office, the Writer’s Guild of America, or any other rights organization.

