Privacy Statement
It's important that we are open and honest with our vistors, and therefore this page of the site details how your "privacy" is treated. 
We encourage you to read this Policy carefully. If you have any questions about it, our use of your Personal Information, or your dealings with this website, please feel free to contact us. 
Use of Cookies on our site
What is a cookie? A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer or mobile device when you  visit one of our web pages. 
 Certain cookies contain personal information although most cookies will not collect information that personally identifies you. They will collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use websites, or a user's general location. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come (i.e. www.ourhouseplants.com), the  "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
Two types of cookies may be used; session cookies, which  are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser  until you leave the site and persistent cookies; which remain in the cookie file of your browser for a longer period.
How does ourhouseplants.com directly use cookies? Like the majority of all websites, when you visit our site we send you a cookie. Currently cookies may be used by us in the following ways: 

To help us recognise you as a unique visitor when you return to our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
To compile anonymous statistics that allow us to understand how visitors use our site and to help us improve the structure and functionality of our website.
We (through our relationship with third parties) use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.
In doing the above, we essentially share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.

Third Party Cookies 
At present Ourhouseplants.com  uses cookies for the reasons outlined above. However because we do include and offer third party products or services on our website we'd like to give you a bit more detail about what this actually means to you.
Firstly we need to let you know that these third party sites can use cookies in different ways and they have separate and independent privacy policies which we have no influence over. We therefore cannot take responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these third party sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these sites. Below is the list of third party websites we use. 
Amazon (.co.uk and .com)
Ourhouseplants.com uses Amazon (a third party company) affiliate links, which track referrals to its website. If you make a purchase as a result of following one of our links they will give us a small percentage of the sale. Amazon has its own privacy and cookie policy which can be found in the following links - .CO.UK / .COM 
Google
Ourhouseplants.com uses Google Adsense (a third party company) to provide advertising. Full details of this can be found on Google's Privacy Pages 
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.ourhouseplants.com. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie (DART)  enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Google's Ads Settings.
StatCounter 
Ourhouseplants.com uses Statcounter (a third party company) to track and analyse traffic to our website to enable us to  understand visitor behavior on our website. The cookies associated with this site can be found here.		   
Disabling / Enabling Cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. 				   
If you would like to disable third party cookies you can do so by going to the relevant third party website and opting out there. 
Social Media Policy
If you follow us through  a social media platform then we will be using it to keep you updated about this website. We may  post relevant plant related information or links that we believe our followers would find of interest.
 If at any time you wish to "unfollow" us or want to know how the social media site itself handles your privacy then you should refer to your social media platform's "help" sections.
If you  post spam related links or offensive content we will delete you. In return we promise not to do either of these things to you.
Commenting on our Web Pages
We use Disqus to power our commenting functionality. It's very simple to use and we hope you get involved with the conversations. You can register with Disqus or post as a "guest" (no sign up is therefore required). 
Disqus does not moderate the comments or the people who use it, however we do.
 If you post spam related links or offensive content we will delete your comments and potentially block you. In return we promise not to do either of these things to you.
Disqus privacy and cookie policy 
Links to Outside Websites
 Any website which we directly link to outside of the www.ourhouseplants.com domain is done so in good faith that we are directing you some where worthwhile and "safe". However we  are not able to take responsibly if that website has hidden unscrupulous intent. If you let us know however we will look into removing the link. 
Your Information 
We do not directly sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties (noted above) who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. Although we have chosen to work with these parties because we have a high level of trust in them, we are unable to take responsibility for their actions. 
Finally, we  may  release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However again we would like to make clear that non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to our listed third parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your Consent 
By using our site, you consent to our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
