
Privacy Statement
It's important that we are open and honest with our visitors, and therefore this page of the site details how your Privacy is treated and how Cookies are used. 
This page may occasionally be updated or amended therefore we advise you to revisit this page regularly. This privacy and cookie policy was last reviewed on 25 May 2018.
Use of Cookies on our site
What is a cookie? A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer or mobile device when you visit one of our web pages. 
 In general certain cookies contain personal information although most cookies will not collect information that personally identifies you. They will collect more basic information such as how users arrive at and use websites, or provide a user's general location. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come (i.e. ourhouseplants.com), the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
Two types of cookies may be used; session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site and persistent cookies; which remain in the cookie file of your browser for a longer period.
How does ourhouseplants.com directly use cookies? Like the majority of all websites, when you visit our site we send you a cookie. Currently cookies may be used by us in the following ways: 


To help us recognise you as a unique visitor when you return to our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
To compile statistics that allow us to understand how visitors use our site and to help us improve the structure and functionality of our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
We (through our relationship with third parties) use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We cannot identify you personally in this way, however the third parties might. Further details of these third parties are detailed in the next section.
In doing the above, we essentially share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytic partners.


Third Party Cookies 
At present Ourhouseplants.com uses cookies for the reasons outlined above. However because we do include and offer third party products or services on our website we'd like to give you a bit more detail about what this actually means to you.
Firstly we need to let you know that these third party sites can use cookies in different ways and they have separate and independent privacy policies which we have no influence over. We therefore cannot take responsibility for the activities of these third party sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these sites. Below is the full list of third party websites we use and directly engage with. 
Amazon (.co.uk and .com)
Ourhouseplants.com uses Amazon (a third party company) affiliate links, which track referrals to its website. If you make a purchase as a result of following one of our links they will give us a small percentage of the sale or a "bounty". Amazon has its own privacy and cookie policy which can be found in the following links - .CO.UK / .COM 
Google Adsense
Ourhouseplants.com uses Google Adsense (a third party company) to provide advertising. Full details of this can be found on Google's Privacy Pages 
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on ourhouseplants.com.
Google's use of cookies enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to our site and other sites you may have visited already. You may opt out of the use of these cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting Google's Ads Settings
Google Analytics
Ourhouseplants.com uses Analytics to track and analyse traffic to our website to enable us to understand visitor behavior on our website. The cookies associated with this site can be found here. 
Social Media Policy
If you follow us through a social media platform (Facebook, Instagram, Google+ or Pinterest) then we will be using it to keep you updated about this website. We may post relevant plant related information or links that we believe our followers would find of interest.
 If at any time you wish to "unfollow" us or want to know how the social media site itself handles your privacy then you should refer to the social media platform's "help" sections.
If you post spam related links or offensive content we will delete you. In return we promise not to do either of these things to you.
Commenting on our Web Pages
We use Disqus to power our commenting functionality. It's very simple to use and we hope you get involved with the conversations. You can register with Disqus or post as a "guest" (no sign up is therefore required). Disqus privacy and cookie policy
Disqus does not moderate the comments or the people who use it, however we do. If you post spam related links or offensive content we will delete your comments and potentially block you. In return we promise not to do either of these things to you.
Links to Outside Websites
 Any website which we directly link to outside of the www.ourhouseplants.com domain is done so in good faith that we are directing you some where worthwhile and "safe". However we are not able to take responsibly if that website has hidden unscrupulous intent. If you let us know however we will look into removing the link. 
Your Information 
We can only gather personal identifiable information about you, such as your name and e-mail address, through direct contact. This would be from email contact or on Social Media. For example if you used our Contact Form to send us a message we would then know your name and e-mail address, which is needed in order for us to provide a response.
We do not offer a mailing list, so we have no reason to store personal identifiable information such as your name / e-mail address for prolonged periods.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information. However we may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. 
Finally, again we would like to make clear that non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to our listed third parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses through cookies. If you are unhappy with this please read the following section. 
How can I manage the use of cookies on this website?
All browser technologies enable you to manage the cookies in the cookie folder of your web browser. This means that you can either delete cookies from your cookie folder once you have finished your visit at our website or you can set your preferences with regard to the use of cookies before you begin browsing our website. 
You can find out further information at: 
Google
Firefox
Windows
Safari
Your Consent 
By using our site, you consent to our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
If you have any questions about it our Policy or how make use of your Personal Information, or your dealings with this website, please feel free to contact us. 

