

Displays2go
55 Broadcommon Rd.
Bristol, RI 02809, USA 

We can be reached via e-mail at info@displays2go.com or by telephone at 401-247-0333.
Privacy Policy
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Cookies
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. We, and our vendors including Google, utilize first-party cookies and third-party cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our website.
Email, Mail, & Telephone Marketing
If you provide us your email address with your order, you may receive periodic emails from us regarding new product announcements, sales and close-out specials. We do not share your email address with any other parties. With any email we send, you always have the option to unsubscribe from our customer email list.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed.
Advertising, Remarketing, & Demographics
We utilize SteelHouse & Google Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. We reserve the right to utilize these technologies to collect user demographics and interest information, and to serve targeted ads based on user behavior. We may also use demographics, age, or interest information to feed algorithmic cross-sell recommendation engines to provide relevant product suggestions. Third party vendors, including Google, may use cookies and serve our ads across the internet based on information collected on our website. All of our users are welcome to opt-out of this data collection at any time by utilizing the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. Additionally, we utilize a 3rd party service, Mouseflow, to record some sessions on our site for improved use experience. We do not use this service to record any personal or financial information. All users are welcome to opt-out of recorded sessions at any time using the Mouseflow opt-out page.
Disclosure

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address or writing us at the above address.


Upon request we provide site visitors with access to transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address.Consumers can also have this information corrected by writing to us at the above address.

Security
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address or phone number.

Legal Statement
Displays2go  provides its web sites and services subject to the rules published below. These may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you.
Warranties and Disclaimers
Although Displays2go  has attempted to provide accurate information on its web site, Displays2go  assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. Displays2go  may change the services or products mentioned at any time without notice. Mention of non-Displays2go  products or services is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation.
Except as expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between you and Displays2go , all materials and services on this site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or the warranty of non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, Displays2go  makes no warranty that:

the services and materials will meet your requirements,
the services and materials will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free,
the results that may be obtained from the use of the service or materials will be effective, accurate or reliable,
the quality of any products, services, or information purchased or obtained by you from the site will meet your expectations, and
any errors in the software obtained from the site will be corrected. Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above limitations may not apply to you. To the extent permissible, any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days.

This site could include technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors. Displays2go  may make changes to the materials and services at this site, including the prices and descriptions of any products listed herein, at any time without notice. The materials or services at this site may be out of date, and Displays2go  makes no commitment to update such materials or services.
Displays2go  assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the information, documents, software, materials and/or services which are referenced by or linked to this site. References to other corporations, their services and products, are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
In no event shall Displays2go  or its suppliers be liable to you or any third party for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not Displays2go  has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of this site or of any web site referenced or linked to from this site. Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
The downloading or other acquisition of any materials through the site is done at your own discretion and risk and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the downloading or acquisition of any such materials. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Displays2go  or through or from the site shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use.
This site contains links to third-party web sites that are not under the control of Displays2go . Displays2go  makes no representations whatsoever about any other web site to which you may have access through this site. When you access a non-Displays2go  web site, you do so at your own risk and Displays2go  is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice, or statements made on these sites or for the quality of any products or services available on such sites. Displays2go  provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply that Displays2go  endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or uses of such web sites.
This site can be accessed from other countries around the world and may contain references to Displays2go  products, services, and programs that have not been announced in your country. These references do not imply that Displays2go  intends to announce such products, services or programs in your country.
Your Personal Information
You have the right to access and correct your personal information. This may be accomplished either by e-mail (info@displays2go.com), fax, phone or by writing to Displays2go  at:
Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us.
Please note that Displays2go  is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Displays2go  web sites to which any Displays2go  web site may link.
Users of this site should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on the site, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties.
User Forums; Prohibited Communications
Displays2go  may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review:

any areas on the site where users transmit or post communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to chat rooms, bulletin boards or other user forums, and
the content of any such communications.

Displays2go , however, will have no liability related to the content of any such communications, whether or not arising under the laws of antitrust, copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. Displays2go  also disclaims all liability with respect to the misuse, loss, modification, or unavailability of any materials that are posted to the site by users.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law, including without limitation, laws against copyright infringement. Your access to the site will be denied for violation of these prohibitions.

You may not post or transmit any message which is libelous, defamatory or which discloses private or personal matters concerning any person. You may not post or transmit any message, data, image or program which is indecent, obscene or pornographic.
You may not post or transmit any message, data, image or program that would violate the property rights of others, including unauthorized copyrighted text, images or programs, trade secrets or other confidential proprietary information, and trademarks or service marks used in an infringing fashion.
You may not interfere with other users use of the site.
You may not post or transmit any file which contains viruses, worms, "Trojan horses" or any other contaminating or destructive features.
You may not post or transmit any message which is harmful, threatening, abusive or hateful. It is not Displays2go 's intent to discourage you from taking controversial positions or expressing vigorously what may be unpopular views; however, Displays2go  reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where the site is used to disseminate statements which are deeply and widely offensive and/or harmful.
You may not post or transmit charity requests, petitions for signatures, chain letters or letters relating to pyramid schemes. You may not post or transmit any advertising, promotional materials or any other solicitation of other users of the site, Technical Forum and/or MemberNet Discussion Areas for goods or services except in those areas (e.g., a classified bulletin board) that are designated for such purpose.
You may not post or list articles which are off-topic according to the description of the group or list or send unsolicited mass e-mailings to people if such e-mail could reasonably be expected to provoke complaints from its recipients.
You may not use the facilities and capabilities of the site, Technical Forum and/or MemberNet Discussion Areas to conduct any activity or solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of others.

Copyright Notice
The materials and services on this site are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws and any unauthorized use of the materials or services at this site may violate such laws. Except as expressly provided herein, Displays2go  and its suppliers do not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information with respect to the materials and services.
Except as specifically permitted herein, no portion of the information or documents on this site may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of Displays2go .
Notification of Copyright Infringement
Displays2go  will, in appropriate circumstances, terminate the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been used or copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Displays2go ’s Copyright Agent a Notice containing the following elements:

A physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest that is alleged to have been infringed; 
A description of the copyrighted work or works that you claim have been infringed and identification of what material in such work(s) is claimed to be infringing and which you request to be removed or access to which is to be disabled; 
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on a Displays2go  site and the name of that site; 
Information sufficient to permit Displays2go  to contact you, such as your physical address, telephone number, and email address; 
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material identified in your Notice in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; 
A statement by you that the information in your Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Displays2go ’s Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Displays2go , and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit through this site, your use of this site, your connection to this site, your violation of the rules, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Displays2go , its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to this site from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these rules (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing this site.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This site (excluding linked sites) is controlled by Displays2go  from its headquarters within the state of Rhode Island, United States of America. By accessing this site, you and Displays2go  agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, this site shall be governed by the statutes and laws of the State of Rhode Island, without regard to the conflicts of law's principles thereof. Displays2go  makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Links to Third Party Sites
Some of the links made available to you through our pages will allow you to leave our web site. Please be aware that the Internet sites available through these links, and the material that you may find there, are not under the control of Displays2go . Therefore, we cannot and do not make any representation to you about these sites or the materials available there, and the fact that we have made these links available to you is not an endorsement or recommendation to you by Displays2go  of any of these sites or any material found there. Displays2go  is providing these links only as a convenience to you.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos and service marks ("marks") displayed on this site are the property of Displays2go  or other third parties. You are not permitted to use the marks without the prior written consent of Displays2go  or such third party which may own the marks. Displays2go  and the Displays2go  logo are trademarks of George Patton Associates.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of Displays2go 's web site use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of Displays2go  information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. Displays2go  does not correlate this information with data about individual users, nor does it share this information or sell it to any third party.
If you prefer not to receive cookies on the Displays2go  site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. 
All catalog areas of this site require the use of cookies. If you turn off the acceptance of  cookies in your browser, you will not be able to purchase items online.
Limitation of Liability
You expressly understand and agree that Displays2go  shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Displays2go  has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from:

The use or the inability to use the site; 
The cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the site; 
Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; 
Statements or conduct of any third party on the site; or 
Any other matter relating to the site.

In no event will Displays2go  be liable for:

Any incidental, consequential, or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the service, or any information, or transactions provided on the service, or downloaded from the service, or any delay of such information or service. Even if Displays2go  or its authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or 
Any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in the service and/or materials or information downloaded through the service. 
Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. In such states, Displays2go 's liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.

Linking to This Site
We invite you to link to any of our web pages. We do not view this as duplication. Please notify us of the links you establish.

