


Privacy | Terms and Conditions | Refund Policy



To contact us email wendy@adultbabysource.com





PRIVACY



Your privacy is important to us.




This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on our websites.
On some pages, you can order subscriptions, make requests, and register to post on forums. The types of personal information collected at these pages may include your name, address and email address.

This information is used to process subscriptions and reply to individual emails. Registration is required to post on the Forum solely to prevent spamming.
We may include your email address in a mailing list which is only used by us to provide important information and/or to promote our websites. The mailing list is not shared with any other parties.





REFUND POLICY


We will happily refund your membership if requested under any of the following circumstances:

We have misrepresented the members area contents
You have not been able to access the members area through a fault by us notwithstanding the nature of the internet can mean occasional, brief interruptions of service.
As required by law.

If requesting a refund or any other billing/members area access problem please provide us with as much information as you can:

The website you joined
The method in which you paid - eg name of the billing company, mail order, bank transfer
Name on the credit card you used
Email address you used when you joined
Your Usrid



TERMS AND CONDITIONS



You MUST be over 18 years of age and  of legal mature age in the location in which you access our websites.
Users acknowledge that this site is an adult entertainment site that contains images, movies and text that may offend some users.
You cannot forward or transfer by any means any images or information on this site to any minors or persons who are not legally allowed to possess the content of this site.
You acknowledge and accept  in regard to our Adult Baby websites we do not we imply nor is it to be interpreted that our models are minors. Content is of ADULTS depicted always as ADULTS role playing and wearing baby style clothing.
You must not share passwords to the members areas. If you knowingly share your password with others your membership could cancelled and you may not be refunded.
You understand and accept we have a password abuse program in place. The program blocks usrids for sixteen  to twenty four hours if excessive downloads and/or access from multiple IP locations for a particular usrid is detected. This would be a symptom of a usrid being used by others than the legitimate member. It is  not our intention to limit access by legitimate users. If you feel you are blocked unfairly contact us with your usrid and the name of the website and we will issue an additional and usrid/password.
Copyright and Piracy. All our content is produced by us and protected by law against copyright infringement. It is forbidden to post any of our images, video files or text on any other website or publish by any other means without our prior permission.


These terms and conditions are subject to change at any time



GND Web Design Limited

Company No: 08026846



The Registered Office of the Company is situated at


5 Jupiter House,
Calleva Park,
Aldermaston,
Reading,
Berkshire,
RG7 8NN, United Kingdom





