We may store information about your visit using cookies (files which are sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we can access when you visit our corporate site in future. We do this for a number of reasons, such as:

recognising your preferences so you don't need to re-enter them on every visit
tracking progress through online applications
monitoring site performance and content popularity.

In addition, some third-party services featured on our site may also use cookies for similar reasons. All cookies contain anonymous data and cannot be used to identify you.
By using our site, we assume that you're happy to use cookies but if desired, cookies can be disabled through your browser settings - please view your browser's options or help pages for more information. Please note, however, that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
We use first-party cookies to store user preferences and provide statistical analysis, while third-party services use cookies to store setting and provide additional functionality.
First-party cookies
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics throughout our site to monitor site performance, content popularity and other quality indicators. Using this service may set up to five cookies from our site, all of which contain anonymous data:

Google Analytics cookie usage


Name
Purpose
Expires




__utma (and _ga)
contains a unique ID to record visits from the same user
2 years


__utmb
records the start of a session
30 minutes


__utmc
a session cookie which only lasts while you view the site
Browser close


__utmt
indictaes the type of request
2 minutes


__utmv
only used if more custom, detailed statistics are required
2 years


__utmz
records where a visitor came from previously
6 months



More information on the use of cookies for Google Analytics can be found at Cookies & Google Analytics and Safeguarding your Google Analytics data.
Other
Some of our pages are used for online services (such as making payments and submitting applications), which use 'session' cookies to login or progress through application stages, and are only present within the session. These cookies are strictly necessary to provide the service that the user has requested.
Third-party cookies
In addition to the cookies above, some third-party services we use also store cookies.
Twitter
On some pages, we display Twitter feeds and share buttons. If you are not already logged into Twitter, only one cookie is set but being logged in means several are used. For more information, see Twitter's Privacy Policy.
Facebook
Some of our pages contain a Facebook share button, which sets a number of cookies if you are already logged into your account. For more information please see Facebook's Policy on Cookies, Pixels & Similar Technologies.
Flickr
We embed photo galleries from Flickr on some of our pages. The Flickr gallery sets four cookies and as part of Yahoo, falls under Yahoo's privacy policy.