Your tracking status



Privacy settings


Category
Description
Status




Statistics
We're always checking up on how our site is doing. By reviewing how many people are visiting us online, we can see where we’re doing a good job and help us discover ways to improve. This data is anonymous, and purely measures site performance. Selecting 'OFF' will block this tracking.



ON



OFF

Visibility
When you use our website, we'll share this information with our social media and analytics partners, allowing us to stay visible to you as you browse the internet. This helps us make sure you only see relevant content from us. Selecting 'OFF' will block this tracking.	



ON



OFF

We may store information about your visit using cookies (small files of letters and numbers which are sent by us to your computer or other access device when you visit our website) which we can access when you visit our corporate site in future. We do this for the following reasons:

recognising your preferences so you don't need to re-enter them on every visit
tracking progress through online applications
monitoring site performance and content popularity
remarketing: using third party technologies to advertise online and make ads more relevant to you.

In addition, some third-party services featured on our site may also use cookies for similar reasons. 
By using our site, we assume that you're happy to use cookies but if desired, cookies can be disabled through your browser settings - please view your browser's options or help pages for more information. Please note, however, that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
We use first-party cookies to store user preferences and provide statistical analysis, while third-party services use cookies to store settings and provide additional functionality.
First-party cookies
Google Analytics
This is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. which uses cookies to show us how visitors found and explored our website, and how we can enhance their experience. It provides us with information about the behaviour of our visitors e.g. how many visitors we’ve had, how long they stayed on the site etc. This service may set up to five cookies from our site, all of which contain anonymous data.
More information on the use of cookies for Google Analytics can be found at Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites and Safeguarding your data.
Other
Some of our pages are used for online services (such as making payments and submitting applications), which use 'session' cookies to login or progress through application stages, and are only present within the session. These cookies are strictly necessary to provide the service that the user has requested.
Third-party cookies
In addition to the cookies above, some third-party services we use also store cookies.
Twitter
On some pages, we display Twitter feeds and share buttons. If you are not already logged into Twitter, only one cookie is set but being logged in means several are used. For more information, see Twitter's Privacy Policy.
Facebook
Some of our pages contain a Facebook share button, which sets a number of cookies if you are already logged into your account. For more information please see Facebook's Policy on Cookies, Pixels & Similar Technologies.
Remarketing
Heriot-Watt University uses third party technologies to advertise online and make ads more relevant. These third parties include media partners such as Google, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn who make use of Remarketing cookies – both first party (such as Google Adwords and Google Analytics) and third party (such as DoubleClick) – to serve more relevant ads to users based on such users’ past visits to our Website, whether those users are on our Website or on other websites.
Remarketing cookies typically expire a maximum of 180 days from the time that the cookie is set or updated (whichever is the later).

Third-party services


Service
Purpose
Privacy policy
How to opt out




Google Advertising Services
Google serves Heriot-Watt's online advertising on Google sites and third-party sites based upon the hw.ac.uk content you have  viewed.
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=en
https://adssettings.google.com


Facebook
Facebook will deploy Heriot-Watt's online advertising  across the Facebook platform based upon the hw.ac.uk content you have  viewed.
https://www.facebook.com/about/basics
Facebook members can choose to opt out by adjusting their advertising preferences in their Facebook account settings. Guidance for members and non-members at https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/


LinkedIn
LinkedIn Marketing Solutions will deploy Heriot-Watt's  online advertising across the LinkedIn platform based upon the hw.ac.uk content you have been viewing.
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
There are separate opt-out pages for visitors and members, both available from https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy


DoubleClick
DoubleClick is a subsidiary of Google and the DoubleClick Digital Marketing platform will deploy Heriot-Watt'sonline advertising on third-party sites based upon the .hw.ac.uk content you have been viewing.
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=en
https://adssettings.google.com


VE Global
Ve Global, formerly Ve Interactive, will deploy Heriot-Watt's online advertising ads on third party sites.
https://www.ve.com/privacy-policy
https://www.ve.com/privacy-policy#opting-out


Twitter
Twitter will deploy Heriot-Watt's online advertising on Twitter based upon the .hw.ac.uk content you have been viewing.
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Twitter account holders can adjust their personalisation and data settings across their devices. https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
To opt out of other third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice page.
