

By visiting this website, anonymous statistics for site useage will be created for security purposes: your IP address, the referee, date, time of request, access method/function from computer input values (filename), the access status of web server (file transferred, file not found, command not executed etc.), name of the requested file on your browser/operating system will be stored accordingly. The logging of this data is used exclusively for statistical analysis and used to improve the information, on the website that is offered. Users will not be singularly evaluated. This means that user profiles will be stored using pseudonyms. The IP address is stored for reasons of data security so that unauthorised access attempts and accesses can be identifies and traced via the web server. The identification is not independently determined in the application, but by the law enforcement agencies, where this data is passed to. By quoting an IP address you can request information from us about whether this IP data is stored. Only in exceptional cases is the complete IP address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.

Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer, to help analyze how users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. We have, however withheld the right for Google to gain full access to your IP address within the Member States of the European Union before data is transmitted in the U.S. and stored there. Due to the reduction of the IP address, individual users cannot be traced. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing others with website and internet related services. That which is transmitted by your IP address is not associated with any other data held by Google. Google may also transfer this information to third parties unless required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Since Google does not know your full IP address, it will not be possible for Google to connect your personal information with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, we point out that you may not be able to use all functions of this website in this case. The data collection and storage by the Analytics service by Google may be reworked at any time, in preparation for future progressions of the business.

Right to information

You may at any time request information about what data is stored about you. Please give written contact to Homify Online GmbH & Co. KG, attn/z.Hd. Philipp Dommermuth, Brunnen Str. 110C, 13355 Berlin.


