

          A. About homify  
        

          homify is an online architecture and design portal (hereinafter 'Portal’)
					connecting companies offering goods and services (hereinafter 'professionals')
					and prospective users and buyers (hereinafter 'user') worldwide. It
					especially
					allows professionals to introduce, advertise and offer their services and products.
					Users can obtain information from the website, find inspiration and contact
					professionals. The portal therefore features various functions to display contents,
					contacting
					providers, and for members to communicate via the portal. Active participation of
					both professionals as well as users is required for the portal to work. In line with
					the portal and its services personal data of users is processed in this context.
					Below we would like to explain in detail how your data is handled in line with the
					portal. 
        

          B. Processing of personal data 
        

          I.             General information about processing 
        

          1.            Terms 
        

          The following explanation uses the following terms, among others:  
        

Visitor: Persons visiting the portal without registering (allows
					limited use of portal functions and services). 
        

Professionals: Persons with a registered account for the portal,
					using the portal in connection with a user relationship based on the terms of use of
					the controller to present and market their company and services. 
        

User: Persons with a registered account to use the portal, using the
					portal in connection with a user relationship based on the terms of use of the
					controller to obtain information and inquire about the services of professionals on
					the
					portal. 
        

          2.            Website service provider
        

          Within the scope of hosting and maintaining our website and the respective IT systems
					our select service providers may, in strict compliance with the relevant data
					protection regulations, receive the data collected on the website. This is based on
					data
					processing contracts under which the carefully selected service providers are bound
					by contract and we remain the controller with respect to data processing. 
        

          II.           Visiting the portal and contact  
        

          1.           Visiting our portal 
        

          1.1.       Description of data processing 
        

          When visiting our portal (websites under
					homify.de, 
          homify.co.uk,
					homify.es,
					homify.fr,
					homify.it,  
          homify.pt,  
          homify.com.br,  
					homify.com.mx,  
          homify.in,  
          homify.hk,
					homify.sg,  
          homify.jp,
          homify.co.kr,  
          homify.nl,  
          homify.com.tr,  
          homify.pl,  
          homfiy.ru,  
					homify.com.ar,  
          homify.com.ve,  
					homify.com.co,  
          homify.co.za,  
					homify.com.my,  
          homify.ae, 
					homify.com.eg,  
          homify.pe,  
					homify.cl,  
          homify.co.th, 
					homify.co.id,  
          homify.pk,  
					homify.ph,  
          homify.tw,	 
					homify.vn,  
          homify.ca,  
					homify.com,  
          homify.sa),
					the browser being used on your device automatically transmits information to the
					server hosting our portal/website. The following information is collected in the
					process: 
        

IP address  
Date and time visited 
Information about the browser type and the version used 
Operating system  


          This data is further saved to our system’s so-called log files. This data is
					not stored together with other personal data. It is also not shared with third
					parties.  
        

          1.2.       Purpose of data processing 
        

          The system temporarily storing the IP address is necessary to enable delivery of the
					website. This requires storing the IP address for the duration of the session. The
					data is saved to log files to ensure the functionality of the website. The files
					further
					serve optimizing the website and to ensure our IT systems are secure. 
        

          1.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for temporary data storage and saving to log files is Article 6(1)(f)
					DSGVO. The required legitimate interest in data processing is the processing
					purposes specified under Item 1.2. 
        

          1.4.       Duration of processing/erasure of data 
        

          Data is erased as soon as it is no longer required for the purposes for which they
					were collected, or if processing is no longer required. With respect to data
					collection and storage to provide the website this is the case when the respective
					session has ended. For data saved to log files this is at the latest three months from the
					time it was collected.   
        

          1.5.       Right to object 
        

          According to Article 21 DSGVO you have the right to object to data being processed
					according to Item 1.1 at any time for reasons arising from your particular
					situation. This data will then no longer be processed unless we can verify
					compelling sensitive
					reasons for processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms if
					processing is necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. The visitor
					can contact us to exercise this objection, especially by e-mailing
					privacy@homify.com.
					If the objection is legitimate, the data will be erased. 
        

          2.            Contact form and e-mail
					contact 
        

          2.1.       Description and scope of data
					processing 
        

          When using our contact form the data entered in the input screen is transmitted to us
					and stored.  When submitting your message we will obtain your consent to data
					processing, referencing this privacy policy. We can further be contacted using the
					specified e-mail address. In this case the visitor’s personal data transmitted
					by e-mail will be stored.  The data is only used to process the respective
					request. Data will not be shared with third parties in this context. With respect
					to the contact form and e-mail inquiries we use service providers  (processors)
					located in the USA. These are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. Based on
					this agreement between the USA and the European Commission, the latter established
					an appropriate level of data protection for Privacy Shield certified
					companies. 
        

          2.2.       Purpose of data processing 
        

          Personal data from the input screen or your  e-mail is only used to process your inquiry. When 
          contacting us by e-mail this also constitutes the necessary legitimate interest in
					processing the data. Other personal data transmitted during the send process will be
					processed for the purpose of preventing misuse of the contact form and to protect
					our	IT systems. 
        

          2.3.       Legal basis for data processing   
        

          The legal basis for processing the data with the visitor’s consent (for
					inquiries using the contact form) is Article 6(1)(a) DSGVO.   The legal basis
					for processing data transmitted by sending an e-mail is Article 6(1)(f) DSGVO. If
					the e-mail
					is for the purpose of entering into a contract, the additional legal basis for
					processing is Article 6(1)(b) DSGVO. 
        

          2.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer required for the purposes for
					which it was originally collected. With respect to personal data from the input
					screen in the contact form and those transmitted by e-mail, this is when the
					respective conversation
					or inquiry with the visitor is completed. The conversation is completed when
					circumstances indicate the respective matter has been conclusively
					resolved.  
        

          2.5.       Right to object or withdraw consent  
        

          The visitor may at any time withdraw his consent to the processing of personal data
					provided when using the contact form. The withdrawal of consent does not apply to
					data processed prior to withdrawing the consent. If the visitor contacts by e-mail,
					he
					may object to his personal data being stored at any time according to Article 21
					DSGVO. In this case the conversation cannot be continued. The visitor can especially
					submit his objection or withdraw his consent by e-mailing privacy@homify.com.  In
					these cases the data saved in line with contacting us will be erased. 
        

          III.          Registration and
					profiles  
        

          1.            Registering with
					homify  
        

          1.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          Some services and functions of our portal require registering as a professional or
					user. This first requires the following access information: 
        

          Select user or professional  accepting the terms of use and privacy policy 
        

          When submitting your registration the following data (log file data) will also be
					stored: 
        

The user’s IP address 
Date and time 


          Without the above data we are unable to enter into or implement a contract. This
					data – except log file data – is entered in the respective input screen.
					All data is saved by us and process for the purpose of entering into and
					implementing the user contract to use the services or functions of the portal. E-mail address and
					password, accepting the terms of use and privacy policy, and log file data are not
					public on the portal and are not shared with third parties. Information about your
					role as professional or user is public on the portal with respect to the
					professional or user being assigned the respective platform roup and can be searched
					accordingly. With respect to implementing the contract the e-mail address is
					specifically also processed for the purpose of sending the user or professional messages or
					notifications related to the functions of the portal. If the professional or user
					registers with his Facebook account, we will receive the respective e-mail address
					directly from Facebook. In this case the controller does not prompt for a password. Please
					also note the Facebook privacy policy in this context. 
        

          1.2.       Purpose of processing 
        

          The data collected during registration is processed for the purposes of entering into
					and implementing the user contract with the professional or user related to use of
					the portal or its services and functions. The log file data is further also used to
					prevent misuse of the registration and to ensure our IT systems are
					secure. 
        

          1.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing login data collected during registration is Article
					6(1)(b) DSGVO.  
        

          1.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          After completing implementation of the user contract to use the services on the
					portal or erasing the professional or user profile the data will be erased or
					processing restricted if it is subject to file retention periods under commercial
					and tax law. The data will be erased at the end of the statutory retention periods at the latest
					unless the professional or user has expressly consented to further use of the
					data. 
        

          2.            Professional profile information 
        

          2.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          The professional creates a professional profile to make his company information and
					his services public on the portal. To create the profile the following required
					information is obtained from the professional and stored: 
        

User name 
Company name 
Company category 
City and ZIP 
Country 


          We will also collect and save additional optional information from the professional
					as indicated in the respective input screen. The above data is processed for the
					purpose of contract implementation or to provide the functions offered on the
					portal.
					This data is specifically also used for the own presentation and to advertise the
					company and services offered by the professional.  At the time the profile
					information is saved, the following non-public data (log file data) is also
					collected: 
        

          The IP address of the professionals 
        

          Date and time 
        

          2.2.       Purpose of processing 
        

          The data collected during registration is processed for the purpose of implementing
					the user contract with the professional to use the portal or its services and
					functions. The log file data is further used to prevent misuse of the registration
					and to
					ensure our IT systems are secure. 
        

          2.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing the professional’s data is Article 6(1)(b)
					DSGVO. 
        

          2.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          After completing implementation of the user contract to use the portal service or
					after deleting your professional profile your data will be deleted or processing
					restricted if required based on retention periods under tax and commercial law. Your
					data
					will be erased at the end of the statutory retention periods at the latest unless
					you have expressly consented to further use of your data. 
        

          3.            User profile information 
        

          3.1         Description and scope of processing 
        

          In line with using the portal the users create a user profile. When creating this
					profile the only required information collected and stored is the user name. We will
					also collect and save additional optional information from the professional as
					indicated
					in the respective input screen.  At the time the profile information is saved,
					the following non-public data (log file data) is also collected: 
        

The user’s IP address 
Date and time 


          3.2         Purpose of processing 
        

          The data collected during registration is only used for the purpose of implementing
					the user contract with the user to use the portal or its services and functions. The
					log file data is further used to prevent misuse of the registration and to ensure
					our IT systems are secure. 
        

          3.3         Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing the professional’s data is Article 6(1)(b)
					DSGVO. 
        

          3.4         Duration of processing 
        

          After completing implementation of the user contract to use the portal service or
					after deleting your user profile your data will be deleted or processing restricted
					if required based on retention periods under tax and commercial law. The data will
					be
					erased at the end of the statutory retention periods at the latest unless the user
					has expressly consented to further use of the data. 
        

          IV.          Adding contents 
        

          1.            Adding projects 
        

          1.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          The portal allows professionals to present their services or work as projects, thus
					also advertising their company and services. The projects published by professionals
					are public on the portal.  When adding the project the professional is able to
					provide optional information about the project in the input screen. If the
					professional publishes his project it is published in various areas of the portal to
					advertise the professional's service and linked to the following information
					from the professional’s profile - also public - for the purpose of matching the project
					with the respective professional: 
        

Profile picture
Company name (required)
Company category (required)
City and ZIP (required)
Phone number
Social media profile
URL for the company website
Professional’s achievements 


          If the professional uploads pictures of his project under the optional project
					information, registered users on the portal can also add these project pictures to
					their ideabook (see Item III.2.). The respective professional will be listed as the
					reference for the project picture, thus advertising the professional’s service or
					company.  Apart from this, the project data is not shared with third parties.
					In strict compliance with the relevant data protection regulations, in line with
					creating and hosting projects, the carefully selected service providers used by us may,
					however, receive the data. This is based on data processing contracts under which
					the carefully selected service providers are bound by contract and we remain the
					controller with respect to data processing.   With respect to creating the projects we use
					service providers (processors) located in the USA to host any project pictures
					provided by the professional. These are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
					Based on this agreement between the USA and the European Commission, the latter
					established an appropriate level of data protection for Privacy Shield certified
					companies. 
        

          1.2.       Purpose of processing  
        

          The professional’s project data is processed to publish the services or work of
					the professionals in line with the professional’s overall presence on the
					portal. This processing is therefore for the purpose of implementing the functions
					on
					the portal in line with the user relationship and used by the
					professional. 
        

          1.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing project data is Article 6(1)(b) DSGVO. 
        

          1.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          The professional may at any time deleted his projects. In this case, or at the latest
					after completing implementation of the user contract to use the portal service or
					after deleting your professional profile your data will be deleted or processing
					restricted
					if required based on retention periods under tax and commercial law. The data will
					be erased at the end of the statutory retention periods at the latest unless the
					professional has expressly consented to further use of the data. The data deleted
					generally
					does not include project pictures provided by the professional in line with the user
					relationship which under the terms of use of the portal in individual cases can also
					be used after terminating the professional’s registration and for die duration
					of the license granted. In this case the pictures will no longer be linked to the
					respective professional in the portal, and any personal reference will be removed
					when deleting the other data. 
        

          2.            Creating an ideabook 
        

          2.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          Both users and professionals are able to create so-called ideabooks and publish these
					on the portal. In these ideabooks primarily pictures of projects from professionals
					on the portal are published again. On one hand this is to allow users and
					professionals
					to find ideas and inspiration on the portal, and on the other hand to match
					professionals with platform users, thus marketing the professionals and their
					services. When creating an ideabook the input screen collects a required title for
					the ideabook, which is then stored. The input screen also allows the person creating the ideabook
					to add other optional information about his ideabook. The user or professional can
					specifically add pictures from projects of the professionals who published these
					on the portal and add these to the public ideabook. In the process the respective
					professional along with his profile may be referenced on the portal in connection
					with the project picture, thus advertising the professional’s service or
					company. Apart from this, the data from ideabooks is not shared with third parties. Within
					the scope of hosting the ideabooks the data may be shared with our select service
					providers in strict compliance with the relevant data protection regulations. This
					is based on data processing contracts under which the carefully selected service
					providers are bound by contract and we remain the controller with respect to data
					processing.   In line with creating the ideabooks we use service providers
					(processors) located in the USA for the purpose of hosting the professional’s project
					pictures. These are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. Based on this
					agreement between the USA and the European Commission, the latter established an
					appropriate level of data protection for Privacy Shield certified companies. 
        

          2.2.       Purpose of processing 
        

          The data related to the ideabook is processed to publish the services or work of the
					professionals on the portal and therefore services implementing the portal functions
					offered based on the relationship and used by the professional. This data is further
					processed to allow portal users and experts to find ideas and inspirations,
					specifically also for exchange and interaction between portal users and experts for
					which the portal is intended, thus to implement the functions offered users and
					professional
					in line with the user relationship. 
        

          2.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing project data is Article 6(1)(b) DSGVO. 
        

          2.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          The user or professional may at any time delete their ideabooks. In this case or at
					the latest after completing implementation of the user contract or after the
					professional’s or user’s profile has been deleted, the data will be
					deleted or
					processing restricted if required based on retention periods under tax and
					commercial law. The data will be erased at the end of the statutory retention
					periods at the latest unless the user or professional has expressly consented to
					further use of
					the data. The data deleted generally does not include project pictures provided by
					the professional in line with the user relationship which under the terms of use of
					the portal in individual cases can also be used after terminating the professional’s
					registration and for die duration of the license granted. In this case the pictures
					will no longer be linked to the respective professional on the portal if the
					respective expert has closed his portal account, thus removing any personal
					reference. 
        

          3.            Writing magazine articles 
        

          3.1 Description and scope of processing 
        

          The portal’s online magazine (part of the portal) in some cases also publishes
					editorials on the work or projects of professionals. These are written by homify or
					writers we have hired. In line with this suitable project pictures from the
					professionals are used which were uploaded by the professional and the professional has granted
					homify license. These reports also name the respective professional. In line with
					writing editorials for the magazine the pictures of professionals along with the
					professional’s name and company name may therefore be shared with the writer we have hired.  
					To expand the reach of the articles and for the purpose of marketing the portal and
					the professionals and their projects being reported on, homify also publishes these
					articles on third-party websites and in the homify newsletter. The articles and the
					data included are solely shared with third party publishers for the purpose of
					advertising or making these public (to the same extent made public on the portal).
					Within the scope of creating and hosting as well as product delivery the data may be shared
					with our select service providers in strict compliance with the relevant data
					protection regulations. This is based on data processing contracts under which the
					carefully selected service providers are bound by contract and we remain the controller with
					respect to data processing.  In line with writing the articles we use service
					providers (processors) located in the USA to host any project pictures of the
					professional. These are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. Based on this agreement between
					the USA and the European Commission, the latter established an appropriate level of
					data protection for Privacy Shield certified companies. 
        

          3.2         Purpose of processing 
        

          The purpose of processing is to write editorials for the magazine section of the
					portal which specifically also serve to inform and inspire portal users and to
					market the professionals.  
        

          3.3         Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing the project pictures and the name or company name of
					the professional to write articles for the magazine is Article 6(1)(f) DSGVO. The
					legitimate interest is reporting or exercising the right to free speech. 
        

          3.4         Duration of processing 
        

          Subject to the professional’s legitimate objection (see Item
          3.5 below) which would result in data being erased, the data is erased after
					achieving the purpose for which it was collected or the legitimate interest of the
					controller in reporting no longer exists or if weighing interests according to
					Article 6(1)(f)
					DSGVO the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the professional requiring
					the protection of personal data prevail.  
        

          3.5         Right to object 
        

          Under Article 21 DSGVO you generally have the right to object against data processing
					according to Item 3.1 at any time for reasons arising from your personal situation.
					We will then no longer process the data unless we can establish compelling grounds
					for processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or processing
					serves asserting, exercising or defending legal claims. The user can especially
					submit his objection to us by e-mailing support@homify.com. If the objection is
					legitimate,
					the data will be erased. 
        

          V.           Comments and reviews  
        

          1.            Comments 
        

          1.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          Both professionals and users are able to comment on the projects of professionals and
					ideabooks of users or professionals. These comments are intended for asking
					questions about the respective projects or ideabooks, providing feedback about these
					contents
					and to receive assistance on matters related to the respective publications. The
					user or professional adds his comment using the respective input screen. There is no
					additional information related to professional or user comments. After the user or
					professional posts the comment it is public on the portal. Users comments are
					published under their user name, professional comments under the company name along
					with the professional’s profile picture (if a profile picture was added).
					homify
					notifies the professional or user who published the content which was commented on
					of the comment on his content using the e-mail address provided. This also includes
					the user name of the user who commented or the company name of the professional
					who commented. Users and professionals are able to disable this notification in
					their profile settings. 
        

          Apart from this the comment data is not shared with third parties.  
        

          1.2.       Purpose of processing 
        

          The comment function is intended for marketing the professional or his services, and
					to promote interaction between members of the portal. The comment function further
					serves the needs of users to obtain information about individual contents or receive
					assistance with their matters. This processing therefore serves the functions
					provided in the portal in line with the user relationship and used by the
					professional or user. 
        

          1.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing project data is Article 6(1)(b) DSGVO. 
        

          1.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          The user or professional can delete his comments at any time. The author of the
					respective content which was commented on can further delete the content at any
					time, which will also delete the associated comments. In these cases or at the
					latest after
					full performance of the user contract on the use of the portal services or deleting
					the professional or user profile – whether commenting or the author of the
					content which was commented on – the data of the commenting person is
					deleted. 
        

          2.            Reviews 
        

          2.1.       Description and scope of processing  
        

          Users are able to add a review about their experience with professionals. The
					respective input screen for this purpose is found on the portal. The person
					submitting the review can also provide information about the project the
					professional was used for (such as the project address). The user’s review is published on the profile
					of the reviewed professional (public). This includes the submitted review
					information (except the project address) and the user name of the user. This user
					name then also links to the profile of the user who submitted the review. The professional
					reviewed is notified of this review by e-mail along with the user name of the
					reviewer. This notification can be disabled in the profile settings. The
					professional is further able to request a user he on a project for to submit a review. In this case
					the professional also uses an input screen under his profile. In this the
					professional adds the respective free text and the e-mail address of the user he
					would like to submit a review. The respective user then receives a notification and is able to
					submit a review using the review input screen. 
        

          2.2.       Purpose of processing 
        

          Processing serves the purpose of reviewing professional services on the portal. This
					provides the user of the portal with another option to contact the respective
					professional and further post his opinion. For professionals the review is an
					opportunity
					to set themselves apart from competitors and also use this to market their service
					or company. This processing therefore serves the functions provided in the portal in
					line with the user relationship and used by the professional or user. 
        

          2.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing project data is Article 6(1)(b) DSGVO. 
        

          2.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          The reviewer can delete the review – except for the ratings – at any
					time. This will also delete the review data. If the profile of the reviewed
					professional is deleted, all reviews are also permanently deleted, including the
					respective data.
					If the reviewer deletes his user profile the reviews along with the respective data
					are also deleted except for ratings (which stay without reference to the
					user).  
        

          VI.          Matchmaking – requesting quotations 
        

          The term matchmaking refers to the ability for visitors as well as registered users
					to contact professionals on the portal directly with their request, especially
					quotations for projects. This provides professionals on the portal with another
					option to
					market their services. 
        

          1.            Description and scope of processing 
        

          Various areas of the portal and input masks related to ads on advertising networks
					(the respective ads reference the different privacy policies of the advertising
					partners), allow visitors and users of the portal to request quotations for services
					offered by the professionals on the portal. Depending on the specific request the request is
					either sent directly to professionals or forwarded to the respective professional
					through homify.   The data collected from the input screen is processed solely
					for processing the request of the user or visitor.   If the user or visitor
					consented in the input screen, his inquiry is also forwarded to the financial
					institutions specified in the input screen to obtain a financing offer for the
					respective project. Apart from this the data is not shared with third parties. In line with the
					controller notifying the professionals on one hand or the user and visitor on the
					other hand using the e-mail addresses we use a service provider (processors) located
					in the USA to send the e-mail. These are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
					Based on this agreement between the USA and the European Commission, the latter
					established an appropriate level of data protection for Privacy Shield certified
					companies. 
        

          2.            Purpose of processing 
        

          Data processing serves the purpose of processing and responding to the inquiry of the
					user or visitor and is therefore also in the interest of the inquirer as well as the
					interest of the professional marketing his services. Processing is therefore for
					the purpose of implementing a key function of the portal. 
        

          3.            Legal basis for processing 
        

          With respect to the professionals and users or visitors of the portal the legal basis
					for processing is Article 6(1)(b) DSGVO. With respect to the inquiry to obtain a
					financing offer from the financial institutions the legal basis is Article 6(1)(a)
					DSGVO. 
        

          4.            Duration of processing 
        

          The controller deletes the data he stored for in-house processing after completing
					the request for a quotation or limits processing if required based on retention
					periods under tax and commercial law. The data is at the latest deleted at the end
					of the
					respective statutory retention period unless the data subject expressly consented to
					further use of their data. 
        

          VII.        Purchasing additional paid services 
        

          1.            Purchasing a premium
					membership 
        

          1.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          The professional can purchase a premium membership for the portal which provides
					additional services on the portal as described. When placing an order we collect the
					data from the order form on the portal. Required data is marked accordingly since we
					absolutely require this data for entering into a contract or contract performance
					and the professional is unable to complete the order without this data. The data
					required for payment is transmitted to our external payment service whose website
					the professional is redirected during checkout. On said site the payment service
					collects additional information directly which is not shared with homify. The
					privacy policies of the respective payment service apply in this respect. 
        

          1.2.       Purpose of processing 
        

          The aforementioned data processing is carried out for the purpose of entering into a
					contract and for the purpose of implementing the contract. 
        

          1.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing is Article 6(1)(b) DSGVO. 
        

          1.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          After complete performance of contract your data is restricted from further
					processing and erased after the retention periods required under tax and commercial
					law unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we have
					reserved the
					right to further use your data in a way permitted by law as disclosed in this
					privacy policy. 
        

          2.            Obtaining quotations or products 
        

          2.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          The portal further allows the professional to receive inquiries from users or
					visitors to the portal requesting a quotation from the professional for the
					respective user’s or visitor’s projects free of charge. The professional
					is further able to purchase special publications in line with the portal for a fee.  When
					placing the order we collect the data from the respective order form on the portal.
					Required data is marked accordingly since we absolutely require this data for
					entering into a contract or contract performance and the professional is unable to complete
					the order without this data. The data required for payment is transmitted to our
					external payment service whose website the professional is redirected during
					checkout. On said site the payment service collects additional payment information directly
					from the professional which is not shared with homify. The privacy policies of the
					respective payment service apply in this respect. 
        

          2.2.       Purpose of processing 
        

          The aforementioned data processing is carried out for the purpose of entering into a
					contract and for the purpose of implementing the contract. 
        

          2.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing is Article 6(1)(b) DSGVO. 
        

          2.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          After complete performance of contract your data is restricted from further
					processing and erased after the retention periods required under tax and commercial
					law unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we have
					reserved the right to further use your data in a way permitted by law as disclosed in this
					privacy policy. 
        

          VIII.       Newsletter  
        

          1.            Newsletter  
        

          1.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          In line with their profile on the portal, users and professionals are able to
					subscribe or unsubscribe the free newsletter. When subscribing through the
					notification settings the subscribed newsletter is sent to the e-mail address
					specified by the user or professional. When subscribing to the newsletter the user is prompted to consent
					to receiving it and is specifically informed the consent can be withdrawn for future
					newsletters at any time. This can be done by simply unsubscribing under the
					notification settings in the profile of the user or professional, from the actual e-mail, or by
					e-mailing privacy@homify.com. This option is also clearly specified in each
					notification / newsletter.  Within the scope of delivery of our newsletter the
					data may be shared with our select service providers in strict compliance with the
					relevant data protection regulations. This is based on data processing contracts
					under which the carefully selected service providers are bound by contract and we
					remain the controller with respect to data processing.  In this context we use service
					providers (processors) located in the USA to host any project images from the
					professional and to send the newsletter. These are certified under the EU-US Privacy
					Shield. Based on this agreement between the USA and the European Commission, the
					latter established an appropriate level of data protection for Privacy Shield
					certified companies. 
        

          1.2.       Purpose of processing 
        

          The e-mail address of the professional or user is processed for the purpose of
					sending the newsletter.  
        

          1.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for data processing in connection with sending the newsletter is
					Article 6(1)(a) DSGVO. 
        

          1.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer required for the purposes for
					which it was originally collected. The e-mail address of the user or professional is
					then stored as long as the newsletter is still subscribed. After this the e-mail
					address is deleted unless the user or professional consented to further use for other
					purposes or we are permitted by law to use the e-mail address for other
					purposes.  
        

          1.5.       Right to withdraw consent 
        

          The user or professional may withdraw their consent at any time and cancel the
					newsletter subscription. In this case processing the e-mail address remains
					untouched until consent is withdrawn. 
        

          IX.          Cookies, web analysis and other
					third-party services 
        

          1.            Cookies 
        

          1.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          The portal uses cookies. These are small text files the browser on your device stores
					to your device which provide the entity which added the cookie with
					information.  We use these cookies to make the visit to our portal appealing,
					to enable use of certain functions, and to enable us to show you products tailored to you. Some of
					the cookies used in connection with the portal are deleted at the end of the
					respective session, so after closing your browser (so-called session cookies). Other
					cookies, however, remain on your device after closing the session and allow us to
					recognize your browser when you return to portal (persistent cookies).  You can
					see how long the respective cookies are stored in the list under your browser’s
					cookie settings. You can further configure your browser to be notified before
					cookies are added and decide whether to accept the cookie, or block certain or all
					cookies. Please refer to the respective cookie settings for your browser.  However,
					please note that blocking cookies may limit the functionality of our portal.  
					The cookies used also collect data about your browsing behavior on our portal.
					However, technical measures are in place to pseudonymize the data collected. The
					data therefore can no longer be matched with the respective user. 
        

          1.2.       Purpose of data processing 
        

          The purpose of processing is for one to make the website easier for the user to
					navigate. In addition, some functions on our portal cannot be offered without the
					use of cookies. These further require being able to recognize the browser after
					switching
					pages. 
        

          Cookies are used for analysis purposes to improve the quality and contents of our
					website. These analysis cookies provide us with information about the use of the
					website so we can continue to improve our service. 
        

          The above purposes also constitute our legitimate interest in data processing
					according to Article 6(1)(f) DSGVO. 
        

          1.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for data processing through cookies is Article 6(1)(f)
					DSGVO. 
        

          1.4.       Duration of processing 
        

          The cookies are saved to your device and transmitted to our portal. The respective
					user is therefore in complete control of the use of cookies. You can block or
					restrict the use of cookies by changing the cookie settings in your internet
					browser. Cookies
					which were previously saved to your device can be deleted at any time. This can also
					be done automatically. However, when blocking cookies for our website you may not be
					able to make full use of all functions of the portal. 
        

          2.            Google Analytics 
        

          2.1.       Description and scope of processing 
        

          We also use Google Analytics on our portal for web analysis purposes. This is an
					analysis service provided by Google LLC (www.google.com). Google Analytics uses
					methods which enable analyzing how the respective user uses our portal. This allows
					us to optimize our service and tailor it to the needs of the users. The information about
					your use of this website which the cookie collects automatically is typically
					transmitted to a Google server in the USA, where it is then stored. IP anonymization
					is enabled on our portal, which truncates the IP address prior to transmission
					within member states of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement
					on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will only be transmitted to a
					Google server in the USA and truncated there in exceptions. The anonymous IP address
					transmitted by your browser in line with Google Analytics is never merged with other
					Google data. Google LLC is headquartered in the USA and is certified under the EU-US
					Privacy Shield. Based on this agreement between the USA and the European Commission,
					the latter established an appropriate level of data protection for Privacy Shield
					certified companies. 
        

          2.2.       Purpose of processing 
        

          The purpose of processing is to analyze browsing behavior to optimize the service and
					to tailor our portal to the needs of the users. This also constitutes our legitimate
					interest according to Article 6(1)(f) DSGVO. 
        

          2.3.       Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for data processing in line with web analysis is Article 6(1)(f)
					DSGVO. 
        

          2.4.       Duration of processing, objection or
					removal 
        

          If the purpose no longer applies and we no longer use Google Analytics the data
					collected in this context will be erased. You can prevent the data about your use of
					the website generated by the cookie (including your IP address) from being
					transmitted to Google and processed by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin:
          http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/ga...


          3. Google AdSense 
        

          3.1         Description and scope of processing 
        

          We also market advertising space on our portal to advertise for third-party service
					providers and advertising networks. For this purpose we use Google AdSense. Google
					AdSense is a service provided by Google LLC (www.google.com).
					In line with the use of the Google AdSense service we also use the Google
					DoubleClick cookie. This enables the service to generate certain information about
					browsing behavior to be able to determine the interests of the user from visits to
					our portal and other websites and show related advertising. In this respect the user is
					associated with a user ID pseudonym. Google LLC is headquartered in the USA and is
					certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. Based on this agreement between the USA
					and the European Commission, the latter established an appropriate level of data protection
					for Privacy Shield certified companies. For additional information about this
					Service and related data processing please refer to the Google privacy policy at
					https://policies.google.com/privacy 
        

          3.2         Purpose of processing 
        

          The purpose of the aforementioned data processing is optimization and effective
					operation of our portal. This also constitutes our legitimate interest in
					processing. 
        

          3.3         Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for data processing is Article 6(1)(f) DSGVO. 
        

          3.4         Objection / removal 
        

          You can use the following link
          https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
https://adssettings.google.com/auth...
					to block the DoubleClick cookie.
        

          4. Hotjar web analysis 
        

          4.1         Description and scope of
					processing 
        

          Our portal also uses Hotjar for web analysis. This is an Analysis service provided by
					Hotjar Ltd., Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians
					STJ 1000, Malta, Europe. Hotjar allows us to log and analyze the browsing behavior
					on our website. In addition to information relate to browsing behavior, it collects
					information about the operating system, the internet browser, incoming or outgoing
					links, the geographic origin, and information about the device being used. Hotjar
					can further obtain direct feedback. The data is processed anonymously.  For
					more information please visit Hotjar at https://www.hotjar.com/privacy.  You can further block web analysis using Hotjar. By clicking the link https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out your
					browser will store a cookie on your device which prevents further analysis. Please
					note, after deleting cookies on your device you will need to click
					the link again. 
        

          4.2         Purpose of processing 
        

          The purpose of processing is to analyze browsing behavior to optimize the service and
					to tailor our portal to the needs of the users. This also constitutes our legitimate
					interest according to Article 6(1)(f) DSGVO. 
        

          4.3         Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for data processing in line with web analysis is Article 6(1)(f)
					DSGVO. 
        

          4.4         Objection / removal 
        

          You can prevent web analysis through Hotjar at any time. By clicking the link
					https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out your
					browser will store a cookie on your device which prevents further analysis. Please
					note, after
					deleting cookies on your device you will need to click the link again. 
        

          5. Google AdWords with conversion tracking 
        

          5.1         Description and scope of
					processing 
        

          Our portal uses Google AdWords along with so-called conversion tracking (Google
					AdWords) to analyze our marketing efforts. This is a service provided by Google LLC
					(www.google.com).
					When clicking on an ad placed by Google a conversion tracking cookie is added to
					your device. These cookies are temporary and contain no personal data. They can
					therefore not be used to identify the user. When visiting our website and the cookie
					is
					still valid, both we and Google can determine you clicked the respective Google ad
					and as a result visited our website. The information collected through conversion
					tracking are used to compile so-called conversion statistics. This provides us with
					information about the total number of users who have clicked on one of our ads and
					were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. It does not enable
					identifying the user. For more information please refer to the Google privacy
					policy: (
					https://policies.google.com/privacy
					Google LLC is headquartered in the USA and is certified under the EU-US Privacy
					Shield. Based on this agreement between the USA and the European Commission, the
					latter established an appropriate level of data
					protection for Privacy Shield certified companies. 
        

          5.2         Purpose of processing 
        

          Processing serves the purpose of analyzing and optimizing of our marketing efforts,
					thus also the effective operation of our portal. This also constitutes our
					legitimate interest according to Article 6(1)(f) DSGVO. 
        

          5.3         Legal basis for processing 
        

          The legal basis for processing is Article 6(1)(f) DSGVO. 
        

          5.4         Objection / removal 
        

          You can prevent cookies from being saved and your browsing behavior being analyzed at
					any time by configuring your browser settings accordingly. However, please note that
					in this case you may not be able to make full use of all functions of the portal.
          You can also disable customized ads in the Google advertising settings. For
					instructions please visit
          https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
https://support.google.com/ads/.... Controller, contact information and rights of the data subject. When your personal data is processed, you
					are the data subject as defined by DSGVO and have the following rights against us,
					the controller (unless already disclosed above under D in connection with the
					respective processing of your data):
        

          I.             Controller name, address and
					contact information 
        

          The controller as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation and other
					national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection
					regulations with respect to processing personal data related to this portal is:
        

          Homify Online GmbH & Co. KG
        

Holländerstraße
						34


          13407 Berlin
        

          Deutschland
        

          Telefon: +49 (0) 30 2089 858 01
        

          E-Mail: privacy@homify.com


          Website: www.homify.de


          II.           Data protection officer contact
					information 
        

          The data protection officer for the controller can be contacted at: 
        

          datarea GmbH
        


            Meißner Straße 103
          


          D – 01445 Radebeul
        

          Deutschland
        

          Telefon: +49 (0) 351 83977938
        

          E-Mail: info@datarea.de


          Website: www.datarea.de


          III.          Rights of data subjects 
        

          1.            Right of access 
        

          According to Article 15 DSGVO you can request the controller to confirm whether we
					process personal data concerning you.  
        

          If your personal data has been processed, you can request to be informed of the
					following: 
        

(1) the purposes for which the personal data is processed;
(2) the categories of personal data, which are processed;
(3) the recipients or categories of recipients, to whom your personal data was disclosed or will be disclosed;
(4) the planned duration of the storage of your personal data or, if specific information is not available here,
					criteria for determining the duration of storage;
(5) the existence of a right to rectification or erasure of your personal data, a right to the restriction of
					processing by the controller or a right to object to such processing; 
(6) the existence of the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority;
(7) all available information on the source of the data if the personal data is not collected from the data
					subject;
(8) the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) and, at
					least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject. You have the right to request information on whether or not your personal data is transmitted to a third country
					or an international organization. In this context, you can request being informed about the appropriate guarantees in accordance with Article 46 of the GDPR in connection with the transmission.
        

          2.            Right to
					rectification  
        

          According to Article 16 DSGVO you have the right to request the controller to rectify
					your data if the personal data processed concerning you is incorrect or incomplete.
					The controller must make the correction without delay. 
        

          3.            Right to restriction of
					processing 
        

          According to Article 18 GDPR you can request a restriction of the processing of your
					personal data under the following conditions: 
        

(1) if you contest the accuracy of the personal data for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
(2) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead;
(3) the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, or
(4) you have objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject. Where processing of your personal data has been restricted, such personal data shall, with the exception of storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
					claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State. 
        

          If processing was restricted according to the preceding conditions, you will be
					informed by the controller before the restriction is lifted. 
        

          4.            Right to erasure 
        

          4.1 Obligation to erase 
        

          You can request the controller to immediately erase your personal data and the
					controller is obligated to immediately erase said data, provided that one of the
					following reasons applies: 
        

(1) Your personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
          
(2) You revoke your consent, which was based on processing in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) DSGVO or Article 9(2)(a) DSGVO, and where there is no other legal basis for processing.
          
(3) You object to processing in accordance with Article 21(1) DSGVO and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing, or you object to processing according to Article 21(2) GDPR.
          
(4) Your personal data was processed illegally.
          
(5) Your personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
          
(6) Your personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) GDPR. 
        

          4.2 Disclosure to third parties 
        

          If the controller publicized your personal data and is obligated to erase it in
					accordance with Art. 17 sec. 1 of the GDPR, the controller will take appropriate
					measures taking the available technology and implementation costs into account,
					including technical means, to inform data controllers, which process the personal data, that
					you have requested them to erase all links to this personal data or copies or
					replications of this personal data.  
        

          4.3 Exceptions 
        

          This right to erasure specifically does not apply if processing is
					required
          
(1) to exercise the right to freedom
					of expression and information;
          
(2) to fulfill a
					legal obligation
					required by the law of the European Union or the Member States, which the controller
					is subject to or to carry out a task in the public interest or is carried out in
					exercising official authority, which was delegated to the controller;
          
(3) for reasons of public interest in the field of public
					health in accordance with Article 9(2)(h) and (i) as well as Article 9(3) of the
					GDPR;
          
(4) to assert, exercise or defend legal
					claims. 
        

          5.            Right to
					information 
        

          If you asserted the right to rectification, erasure or restriction of processing with
					the controller, according to Article 19 GDPR the controller is obligated to notify
					all recipients, to which your personal data was disclosed, of this correction or
					erasure
					of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves to be impossible or
					involves a disproportionate effort. You have the right to request the controller to
					inform you of these recipients. 
        

          6.            Right to data
					portability 
        

          Under Article 20 GDPR you have the right to receive the personal data you provided to
					the controller in a structured, prevalent and machine-readable format. You also have
					the right to transfer this data to another controller without any hindrance by the
					controller the personal data was made available to, provided that 
        

(1) the processing is based on consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) DSGVO or Article 9(2)(a) DSGVO or on a contract in
					accordance with Article 6(1)(b) DSGVO and
          
(2) processing is conducted using automated procedures. 
        

          In exercising this right, you also have the right to initiate that your personal data
					is directly transmitted to another controller by a controller, insofar as this is
					technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other persons can not be affected
					by this. The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal
					data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or which takes
					place in exercising official authority, which was delegated to the
					controller. 
        

          7.            Right to file a complaint with a
					supervisory authority 
        

          Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, according to
					Article 77 GDPR you have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority,
					in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place
					of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of your personal data
					infringes the GDPR.  The supervisory authority the complaint was filed with
					must inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint including the
					possibility of a judicial remedy in accordance with art. 78 of the GDPR. 
        

          D. Data security 
        

          To ensure your data is secure we use the commonly used SSL protocol (Secure Socket
					Layer) on our website in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported
					by your browser. This is typically 256 bit encryption. If your browser does not
					support 256 bit encryption, we will instead use 128 bit v3 technology. You can determine
					whether a specific page on our website is encrypted by the closed padlock icon in
					your address bar of your browser.
        

