
PRIVACY policy
Screen Australia is subject to the Privacy Act 1988, which requires that we comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) set out in that Act.
Changes to the Privacy Act came into force on 12 March 2014, affecting most Australian government organisations and private-sector bodies with turnover greater than $3 million per annum.
The Privacy Act, as amended, allows you to:

know why your personal information is being collected, how it will be used and who it will be disclosed to
have the option of not identifying yourself, or of using a pseudonym. Screen Australia will still require your full name if you are seeking funding
ask for access to your personal information
stop receiving unwanted direct marketing
ask for your personal information to be corrected if it is incorrect
make a complaint about an entity covered by the Privacy Act, if you consider they have mishandled your personal information.

The Act requires organisations to have a Privacy Policy in place, and Screen Australia has accordingly revised its policy.
Download our Privacy Policy
Download
Another of the new requirements involves how information about third parties is handled. When Screen Australia collects personal information about third parties – for example, where an applicant provides the names, phone numbers or citizenship of other members of the project team as part of an application form – we must notify these people (or otherwise make them aware) that we are collecting this information. In practice, we will be relying on the person who submits a form to make sure everyone named on the form is aware of the information about them that is being submitted. That’s why we include an ‘undertaking’ to this effect on our application forms.
General enquiries about Screen Australia’s Privacy Policy or compliance with the APPs can be made to the Privacy Contact Officer, who can be contacted at:
Privacy Contact Officer
Screen Australia
GPO Box 3984
Sydney NSW 2001
privacy@screenaustralia.gov.au
02 8113 1056
Any complaints about Screen Australia’s personal information handling practices can be made to the Privacy Contact Officer or to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Website privacy policy
In accordance with the Guidelines for Federal and ACT Government World Wide Websites issued by the Australian Privacy Commissioner, Screen Australia provides the following privacy statements.
Site visit data
Screen Australia makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes: the user's server address, the user's top level domain name (e.g.: .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc.), the date and time of the visit to the site, the pages accessed and documents downloaded, the previous site visited and the type of browser used.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the service provider's logs.
Screen Australia will only record your email address or other supplied details if you send us a message or complete a form online. Supplied information will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list unless you have requested this. Unless required by law, we will not use your email or other addresses for any other purpose, and will not disclose them, without your consent.
Access to information collected
Whenever possible, Screen Australia will provide you with access to your personal information to ensure that it is accurate, complete and up-to-date (see Editing and deleting your membership information below).
Editing and deleting your membership information
Subscribers to Screen Australia e-newsletters can unsubscribe via the link at the bottom of every newsletter or change their details by contacting Web.
Cookies
We use web browser cookies on this website. Cookies are small pieces of information we store on your computer however, these cookies do not contain information by which Screen Australia can identify you. If you would like to disable or control cookies then you can do so through a preference on your web browser.
Cookies are sent back to the originating server. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses or capture your email address. Session cookies are used only during a browsing session at the site and expire when you quit your browser. Our Internet Service Provider informs us that they do not use cookies to generate website statistics for individual users.
Please note that most browsers can be configured to notify the user when a cookie is received, allowing you to either accept or reject it. If you do not accept cookies, then some of the features on our site will not work as they are intended to.
Screen Australia email addresses
To assist communication with Screen Australia, contact names and email addresses are published on this website. These are provided only for bona fide enquiries relating directly to the organisation’s business. In accordance with the Spam Act 2003, Screen Australia does NOT give consent to the sending of spam to these email addresses, including unsolicited commercial electronic messages, direct internet marketing communications, the offer of products and services over the internet or the issuing of prospectus or other financial offerings by email.

