Privacy StatementInformation collection and useEmirates Group ("Emirates") includes any and all of the following entities and/or divisions: Emirates, dnata, dnata World Travel, Emirates Skycargo, Emirates Skywards, Emirates Holidays, Arabian Adventures, Emirates One&Only Wolgan Valley, and their associated brands and/or companies from time to time. A list is available upon request from Corporate Communications, Emirates Group Headquarters, PO Box 686, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.We are responsible for the processing of any personal information you provide to this website and we are notified where required in each country under the relevant data protection legislation of that country.We take our responsibilities regarding the protection of personal information very seriously. This policy explains how we use personal information that we may obtain about you.Why do we need your personal information?When you use services provided on this website you will be asked to provide certain information such as your name, contact details, and/or debit/credit card details. We will store this information and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this information in the following ways:To fulfill our agreement with you, including processing your flight, sending you your itinerary, or contacting you if there is a problem with your reservation.To register you with our website and administer our website services where you have registered to receive these (you can unsubscribe from these services at any time—see Choice/Opt-out below).To administer any contest or other promotional offer you may enter and notify winners.To answer any queries you may send to us by email.To conduct customer satisfaction surveys.To meet our legal compliance obligations.To support crime prevention and detection.For direct marketing purposes, as set out in detail below.To send you service messages that provide you with a better booking process for our products and services (for example, a service message to inform you when your booking has not been completed).We need to know the names of all passengers traveling. If you are booking a flight on behalf of someone else, you must obtain their consent to use their personal information. We proceed on the basis that you have obtained this consent.How do we use your personal information?Information you provide or that is obtained by us will be used by us to review, develop, and improve the services we offer. We may also inform you about new products and services and special offers of Emirates and selected third parties, as long as you have opted in to receive these notifications.To whom do we disclose your personal information?Emirates does not sell or trade your personal information to third parties.We may give information about you to others as follows:Emirates may provide its third-party service providers and processors with access to your personal information. These services providers may include credit card verification providers, our data warehouse and customer relationship management center, marketing organizations that may provide support marketing and promotional communications; Internet service providers that administer our website, provide Internet services, and host our facilities; chauffeurs and car services agencies; and consumer research companies that assist Emirates in understanding consumer interests by conducting surveys. Emirates only shares your personal information to the extent required for the performance of such services. Emirates has implemented safeguards to ensure that our service providers treat personal information in a way that is consistent with the terms of this Privacy Statement and that the Data is never used except to fulfill services to Emirates.Emirates may also disclose your personal information as permitted or required by law. For example, Emirates will disclose personal information to those governmental bodies that have authority to obtain it in order to comply with a warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, and to comply with record production requirements.In the event of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Emirates, Emirates may transfer personal information in its control to a third-party purchaser that agrees to use personal information for the same reasons identified in this Privacy Statement.Emirates may disclose your information to anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you;to customs and/or immigration departments or other regulatory authorities in your country of departure and/or destination (or countries we overfly during your journey) in order to comply with the law in those countries;if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so;to our employees and agents to do any of the above on our behalf, now or in the future.If you choose not to provide certain personal information we request, you will still be able to visit our website but you may be unable to access certain options or services.ConsentBy choosing to provide Emirates with your personal information, you are consenting to its use in accordance with the principles outlined in this Privacy Statement and as outlined at the time you are asked to provide any personal information. Emirates may contact you by phone or email in order to provide you with updates pertaining to its services as well as information about additional offers, products, or events that Emirates believes may be of interest to you. You can choose to unsubscribe to these updates or from having your personal information used for market research purposes.Withdrawing your consentAll marketing communications Emirates sends to you will provide you with a way to withdraw your consent. If you no longer wish to receive promotional materials you may opt out of receiving these communications by clicking here; this will remove you from Emirates mail lists. To unsubscribe from Emirates Skywards communication go to www.emirates.com. You will always be notified when your information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so you can make an informed choice as to whether to proceed with services that require an outside party.Please note that if you do not consent to Emirates' use and disclosure of your personal information, this may affect our ability to provide you with particular products and services.SecurityWe will take appropriate steps to protect the personal information you share with us. We have implemented technology and security features to safeguard the privacy of your personal information.Aggregate dataWe may aggregate personal information and remove any identifying elements in order to analyze patterns and improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze website use, improve our content and product offerings, and customize our site’s content, layout, and services.We gather certain usage information, like the number and frequency of visitors to this site. This information may include which URL you came from, which URL you go to next, what browser you are using, and your IP address. We only use such data in the aggregate. This collective data helps us to determine how much our customers use parts of the site and do internal research on users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve you.CookiesA “cookie” is a small bit of text used by a browser to store information. When you visit a site that uses cookies, the web server will request permission to pass a cookie to your browser. If the cookie is accepted, it will occupy only a few bytes on your hard drive and can improve your web surfing experience. Emirates uses cookies to track customer visits through our site. This information enables us to save you time when you return to the site by saving your password so you do not have to reenter it each time you visit. Cookies cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive. And although you may receive cookies from many different sites, each cookie can only be read by the web server that originally issued it. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse cookies.LinksOur website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites not operated by us or an entity in the "Emirates Group." We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our website.If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, we will provide a way to correct, update, or remove your personal information provided to us.Access to your personal informationYou have the right to see personal information we keep about you. We will endeavor to provide the information you require within a reasonable time. There may be a small monetary charge for some requests, depending on the information requested. If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please contact us.Transfer of your personal informationSome parties that process or store personal information may be located in jurisdictions outside your country of residence. Therefore, your information may be processed and stored in these jurisdictions and, as a result, foreign governments, courts, or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through the laws in these countries.Notification of changesIf we decide to change our Privacy Statement, we will post those changes on our website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we may use your information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Statement under which the information was collected.Website ContactOnline bookingsIf you have a question regarding your online booking or encounter any problems while making your booking, please contact us by completing this form.Non-booking-related queriesIf you experience any technical problems during your interaction with this website, please contact your local Emirates office.
