



Cookies:

Cookies are small text files, which can be stored on your computer. They have the purpose to store data. We need basically your consent to use cookies. In regard to cookies that are strictly necessary to provide these webpages a consent of the user is not required.

You can decide yourself whether and to what extent you want accept the use of cookies with the aid of your browser settings. At the same place you can erase cookies, which are already stored on your computer.

At Firefox you can find cookie settings in the menu Extras->Options->Data Protection.


Webanalytics with Google Analytics:

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies"(see above). The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

Google truncates/anonymizes the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA.

On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser (see above). However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB or clicking on the following link to store an opt-out-cookie, which will stop the collection and transmission of data by Google Analytics about your use of this website.







Activate Google Analytics now


Deactivate Google Analytics now


 









Source:




Name:




Function:




Duration of Storage:












This cookie is used to disable anonymous WebTrends tracking services.












This cookie is used to prevent unnecessary releases.




till the end of browser session










This cookie is used to permit applications.




till the end of browser session










This cookie is required to store whether the user has given his / her consent to the use of consentable cookies on this website.












Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.












Used to throttle request rate.












Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.












Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.












Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.












Used to store visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the _setCustomVar method with a visitor level custom variable. This cookie was also used for the deprecated _setVar method. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.










