



Controller according to General Data Protection Regulation:

win.rar GmbHMarienstraße 1210117 Berlin

Email: info(at)win-rar.comFax: +49 30 22504967

IP-Address:

We store your actual IP-address for the duration of seven days to detect attacks on and errors in our IT-systems. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) f) General Data Protection Regulation.


Cookies:

Cookies are small text files, which can be stored on your computer. They have the purpose to store data. We need basically your consent to use cookies. In regard to cookies that are strictly necessary to provide these webpages a consent of the user is not required.

You can decide yourself whether and to what extent you want accept the use of cookies with the aid of your browser settings. At the same place you can erase cookies, which are already stored on your computer.

At Firefox you can find cookie settings in the menu Extras->Options->Data Protection.








Source:




Name:




Function:




Duration of Storage:












This cookie is used to disable anonymous WebTrends tracking services.












Used to distinguish users.












Used to distinguish users.












This cookie is used to throttle request rate.












This cookie is used to prevent unnecessary releases.




till the end of browser session










This cookie is used to permit applications.




till the end of browser session










This cookie is required to store whether the user has given his / her consent to the use of consentable cookies on this website.










Webanalytics with Google Analytics:

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies"(see above). The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

Within the territory of the Member States of the European Union and other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area Google truncates/anonymizes the last octet of the IP address. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the frame of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.

We use Google Analytics  to evaluate the use of our website and to improve our web services on the basis of the statistics provided by Google Analytics. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) f) General Data Protection Regulation.

In regard to the exceptional cases in which Google transmits personal data into the USA Google is subject to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. 

Information from Google: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of Service: www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html, overview regarding data protection: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en and Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser (see above). However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB or clicking on the following link to store an opt-out-cookie, which will stop the collection and transmission of data by Google Analytics about your use of this website.







Activate Google Analytics now


Deactivate Google Analytics now


 



Your data protection rights:In general you have the following data protection rights in regard to win.rar GmbH:

- right of access by the data subject – Art. 15 General Data Protection Regulation- right to rectification – Art. 16 General Data Protection Regulation- right to erasure – Art. 17 General Data Protection Regulationg- right to restriction of processing – Art. 18 General Data Protection Regulation- right to object – Art. 21 General Data Protection Regulation- right to data portability  – Art. 20 General Data Protection Regulation

Your option to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority:

Supervisory Authority:

Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und InformationsfreiheitFriedrichstr. 21910969 BerlinTel.: +49 (0)30 13889-0Fax: +49 (0)30 2155050E-Mail: mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de


