GMX Email ServiceAdvanced, Savvy, Different. With 13 million customers strong, GMX is the ideal email solution for you. With its unique webmail system, GMX provides personal users, as well as small to medium sized business, with the opportunity for an easy and professional communication option. GMX understands its users and is accessible with any computer or device given an Internet connection. New features are constantly added and developed with the GMX user in mind, increasing convenience and safety. Such features include the GMX Mail Collector, allowing customers to easily file third party inboxes into their GMX account. In addition, the GMX Organizer, File Storage and integrated Address Book help keep all appointments and meetings organized and on track. The security of GMX users’ accounts is always a top priority. The advanced virus protection in place scans emails and attachments for all types of malware, both inbound and outbound. It locates viruses, worms and Trojans, even in compressed file formats for your safety. GMX mailboxes are also protected from spam with seven anti-spam modules, resulting in 98% less unwanted mail. GMX takes care about your security and protects you against Spam & Viruses. GMX helps you filter Spam & Viruses before they reach your mailbox. GMX Mobile AccessGMX provides its users multiple avenues to stay connected and up to date with their emailing needs. Customers can import their address book, organize appointments and continue to manage everything all within the palm of their hand. The GMX Mobile App, accessible on Android and iOS devices, provides all the convenience of your GMX account from your desktop without the need to be chained to your computer, giving users the freedom to go out to lunch or run errands without the fear of missing important correspondence. GMX Fact and FiguresGMX is a branch of United Internet AG, a listed company with a market cap of $5 billion. GMX is one of the world's most successful email providers, guaranteeing optimum performance with data centers located in Europe and in early 2008, unveiled a new high-tech data center in Lenexa, Kansas to cater specifically to US customers. United Internet's high speed data centers manage more than 11 million domains. The United Internet Group was founded in 1988 and together with its sister companies, 1&1 Internet and Fasthosts, offers the largest Web hosting services across the globe. The Group's data centers set extremely high standards in excellence worldwide with 70,000 hosted servers and handles over 5 billion emails a month. More than 6,250 employees at locations in the United States, Europe and Asia are working hard each and every day to ensure the safety and ease for the GMX user, maintaining more than 13 million active email accounts. 