Most activity on Twitter is public, including your profile information, your time zone and language, when you created your account, and your Tweets and certain information about your Tweets like the date, time, and application and version of Twitter you Tweeted from. You also may choose to publish your location in your Tweets or your Twitter profile. The lists you create, people you follow and who follow you, and Tweets you Like or Retweet are also public. Periscope broadcasts you create, click on, or otherwise engage with, either on Periscope or on Twitter, are public along with when you took those actions. So are your hearts, comments, the number of hearts you’ve received, which accounts you are a Superfan of, and whether you watched a broadcast live or on replay. Any hearts, comments, or other content you contribute to another account’s broadcast will remain part of that broadcast for as long as it remains on Periscope. Information posted about you by other people who use our services may also be public. For example, other people may tag you in a photo (if your settings allow) or mention you in a Tweet.
You are responsible for your Tweets and other information you provide through our services, and you should think carefully about what you make public, especially if it is sensitive information. If you update your public information on Twitter, such as by deleting a Tweet or deactivating your account, we will reflect your updated content on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android.
In addition to providing your public information to the world directly on Twitter, we also use technology like application programming interfaces (APIs) and embeds to make that information available to websites, apps, and others for their use - for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this data can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com.
