







Privacy Policy

 third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. 
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. 
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. 
Because publisher sites and laws across countries vary, we're unable to suggest specific privacy policy language. However, you may wish to review resources such as the Network Advertising Initiative, or NAI, which suggests the following language for data collection of non-personally identifying information:

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
You can find additional information in Appendix A of the NAI Self-Regulatory principles for publishers (PDF). Please note that the NAI may change this sample language at any time.


Blues for Peace respects privacy of Internet Users and does
not collect personally identifying information without the Internet User's
permission.
This policy applies to the web sites owned or operated by Blues for
Peace Corporation, a Wisconsin corporation ("Blues for Peace").
You may contact us regarding this Privacy Policy by e-mail at info@bluesforpeace.com,
or by mail at our headquarters address:
Blues for Peace
Suite 802
1400 N. Prospect Ave.
Milwaukee, WI, 53202
USA
Collection of Data
Blues for Peace does not collect Internet User identity or contact information
from Internet Users' visits to Blues for Peace Web Sites. For each visitor
to a Blues for Peace Web site, the visitor's computer reaches us via a
particular IP, (Internet Protocol), address. Blues for Peace's servers
automatically collect this IP address.
An Internet User's browser sets Cookies (when enabled) that contain
small amounts of data on the Internet User's computer after a visit to
any web site. Cookies assist Blues for Peace in tracking Internet Users'
activities on the Blues for Peace website. The Cookies themselves tell
Blues for Peace nothing about the Internet User personally.
No information is obtained from the Internet User or Internet User's
computer to generate the unique identifying number of the Internet User.
Blues for Peace's servers automatically generate the unique number. None
of Blues for Peace's Cookies are used to perform "User Profiling".
Blues for Peace does receive and record e-mail addresses of Internet
Users, only in circumstances where the Internet User has voluntarily provided
its identity and contact information. This e-mail address does not enable
Blues for Peace to personally identify an Internet User.
Use and Disclosure of Data
Blues for Peace does not sell or rent personally identifying information.
Blues for Peace does not disclose personally identifying information to
anyone that Blues for Peace is not authorized to do so.
Blues for Peace reserves the right to release information on Internet
Users if compelled to do so by proper judicial or governmental authorities.
Disclosure shall be limited to only to those that Blues for Peace is compelled
to disclose to. At present, all information processing occurs in the United
States.
Security Measures
Blues for Peace employs industry standard security measures to ensure
the security of all data. Access to Blues for Peace customer data is accessible
via password protection to designated Blues for Peace employees who require
system level access in order to perform their jobs.
Spam
Blues for Peace does not intentionally send unsolicited e-mail messages
that could legitimately be construed as spam.
COPPA
Blues for Peace complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection
Act of 1998. Advertisers are also obligated to comply with COPPA.
If you inform Blues for Peace that Blues for Peace has collected or
received information from a child under 18, Blues for Peace will delete
such information immediately from its databases. No Blues for Peace Web
Site is specifically directed to children under 18. Blues for Peace shall
not knowingly distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information
erroneously collected from children under 18.
Deactivating - deleting from database.
Please contact info@bluesforpeace.com if you no longer wish to be listed
in the Blues for Peace database. If Blues for Peace has such information,
Blues for Peace shall not retain your name and/or e-mail address any longer
than is necessary to perform the services that you requested from Blues
for Peace.
Policy Changes
Blues for Peace may find it necessary or be legally obligated to update
this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted at this
site. Except as otherwise required by law, modifications to this Privacy
Policy will not affect the privacy of data collected by Blues for Peace
prior to the effective date of the policy change.
Initial Version Effective February 8, 2001



 as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. 
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. 
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. 
Because publisher sites and laws across countries vary, we're unable to suggest specific privacy policy language. However, you may wish to review resources such as the Network Advertising Initiative, or NAI, which suggests the following language for data collection of non-personally identifying information:

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
You can find additional information in Appendix A of the NAI Self-Regulatory principles for publishers (PDF). Please note that the NAI may change this sample language at any time.






© 1998-2009  Blues for Peace Corporation. All rights reserved.
