
Gen Con LLC Statement of Privacy

At Gen Con LLC, we are committed to protecting your privacy. You can travel through most of our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this statement of privacy explains data collection and use in those situations. 
Collecting your Personal Information
 We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are registering to attend, exhibit at, sponsor or advertise at a convention or event, when registering for a contest, subscribing to e-mail newsletters, or when purchasing Gen Con LLC products. Personal information collected by Gen Con LLC often is limited to e-mail address, language, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
For example: If you choose a service or transaction that requires payment, such as purchasing a Gen Con LLC badge or booking your hotel room, we will request personal information necessary for billing and/or shipping, such as: name, address, telephone number, and credit card number.
If you ever want to review or update the information we have stored for you, simply send an email to privacy@gencon.com and we will send you your profile to allow you to edit your personal information. We will ask for sufficient identification to assure that only you can access your profile.
Use of your Personal Information
 We use your personal information for the following purposes:

To help you quickly find products, services or information on gencon.com.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you. 
To alert you to new events, special offers, updated information and other new services from Gen Con LLC via newsletters.
To help you sign up for Gen Con LLC newsletters.
To enable you to register for Gen Con LLC conventions and events.
To allow you to participate in contests or promotions.
To let you give us your opinion through online surveys.

We may hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Gen Con LLC may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Gen Con LLC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Gen Con LLC and its web sites, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Gen Con LLC, its web sites, or the public.
Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Gen Con LLC or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Gen Con LLC abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control of your Personal Information
 When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, Gen Con LLC will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Access to your Personal Information
 We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time by sending a request to privacyhelp@gencon.com. You can: 

View and edit personal information you have already given us. 
Tell us whether you want Gen Con LLC to send you marketing information.
Choose whether you want third parties to send you their offers by postal mail. 
Subscribe, or cancel subscriptions, to newsletters about our services and products.
To Opt Out: Please log into www.gencon.com and use the EDIT option in the Contact Information section. You can then edit your mailing preferences.

Security of your Personal Information
 Gen Con LLC strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
 Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.
Protection of Children's Personal Information
 If you are under the age of 13, you will need your parent or guardian's consent before you can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities. Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect information to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. Please see the Parental Consent section.
Use of Cookies
 To ensure we are publishing content customers need and want, Gen Con LLC collects site-visitation statistics using cookies. We only use this information in aggregated form and only use site-visitation statistics for improving our site.
When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer’s machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously.
Web beacons, also known as clear gif technology, or action tags, assist in delivering the cookie. This technology tells us how many visitors clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics) on a Gen Con LLC.com web page. We do not use this technology to access your personally identifiable information on Gen Con LLC.com; it is a tool we use to compile aggregated statistics about Gen Con LLC.com web site usage. We may share aggregated site statistics with partner companies but do not allow other companies to place clear gifs on our sites.
 Gen Con LLC also uses cookies in connection with the use of your account on the gencon.com web site as explained above.
 If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the Gen Con LLC.com web site, you will be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site.
Third Party Links
 Gen Con LLC may provide links from our web site to third party web sites. Gen Con LLC will notify users when they are leaving a Gen Con LLC site and we encourage our users to read third party sites' privacy policies before submitting personal information.
Changes to this Statement
 Gen Con LLC will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this Statement, Gen Con LLC will notify you by placing prominent notice on the web site.
Contact Information
 Gen Con LLC welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy, please contact us by email privacy@gencon.com, or postal mail.
Gen Con Privacy Department
 Gen Con LLC
 120 Lakeside Ave. #100
 Seattle, Washington 98122
Parental Consent
Teenagers (Ages 13-17)
 Gen Con LLC may collect personal information from 13 through 17 years of age. When a web user in this age category submits personal information, Gen Con LLC may request a parent or guardian's e-mail address to notify the parent or guardian of the teenager's activity. 
Children Under 13
Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information
 Gen Con LLC has developed its web site to be an enjoyable experience for you and your children. Please take a moment to discuss privacy issues with your child if you believe that they may wish to use our site. If you have any questions or comments about our policy, please drop us a line at privacy(at)gencon.com. Some examples of where you and your child may want limited information to be collected about them follow:

Chat Rooms, Bulletin Boards, Post Cards and Mailing Lists. You can register to participate in the Gen Con LLC community through our chat rooms, bulletin boards post cards and mailing lists, unless your parent or guardian asks that your registration exclude this. Personal information of registered users is not accessible by the public unless the member adds it to his or her user information or they disclose it through a public post.
E-mail. If you send us email, we will only use personal information (such as name, mailing address and e-mail address) contained in your e-mail to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the e-mail.
Promotions To participate in some of our promotions, you may be asked to provide an e-mail address or screen name, so that we can let you know if you won a prize. In some cases, we will need your name and home address in order to send you products or information by regular mail.
Surveys In order to improve the user experience at our web sites, we may use online surveys for visitors to volunteer demographic information about themselves and provide feedback about our goods and services. 

 In these and similar situations, Gen Con LLC may collect and store personal information about children under 13 if it is submitted by way of our registration form and with the parent's verifiable consent. To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required, we ask all users who wish to register to submit their date of birth. Those users that indicate they are under 13 years of age are directed to our Consent Form. If given verifiable permission from a parent, Gen Con LLC may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13: name, email address, mailing address, parent's or guardian's name, and parent's or guardian's email address. Gen Con LLC may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child's date of birth, gender, and other preferences; and, combine such information with the child's personal information. Gen Con LLC will only collect this information if it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child or parent and provided with the parent's signed permission. 
The information that a child provides may be used to: 
 (a) allow the child to participate in activities on our site (e.g., contests); and, 
 (b) allow us to send the child promotional materials, including information about new products, contests, features and enhancements, special offers, and other events of interest. We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so that we can constantly improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs.
Please note that we do not condition a child's participation in an activity on the child's disclosure of more personal information than is necessary to participate in the activity. 
Parental Access
 A parent who has given Gen Con LLC permission to collect and use his or her child's personal information can, at any time review, correct, or have deleted the child's personal information or discontinue further collection and use of the child's personal information. To do so, please contact us at privacy@gencon.com and be sure to include your child's name and email address as well as your name and email address. We will be happy to help with your request.

