
Logitech Website Privacy Statement
We, Logitech Europe S.A., explain in this Privacy Statement how we collect and use personal data from visitors of our web and mobile sites that link to this Privacy Statement (collectively “Sites”). This Privacy Statement does not apply to data we collect otherwise, such as offline or with products that we sell, unless we expressly declare in writing that this Privacy Statement shall also apply to such other data.
Actively Submitted Data
If you call us, send us an email or fill out a form on one of our Sites, you will know what information you provide because you will actively submit it to us. We use such information to respond to your request or otherwise communicate with you or assist you. We may collect data necessary to process your order if you make purchases through our Sites, such as your shipping address, products ordered, and contact information.
Passively Provided Data
When you access our Sites, you automatically provide certain information from and about your computer or mobile device, including the activities you perform on our Sites, the type of hardware and software you are using (for example, your operating system or browser), information stored in cookies, IP address, access times, the web pages from which you came, the regions from which you navigate the web page, and the web page(s) you access (as applicable). We use tracking technology (including "cookies") on the Sites to customize and improve the Sites. We use such information to better understand interests of website visitors, customers and prospects and to improve our Sites, services and products. We do not currently respond to "do not track" signals of web browsers.
Data Sharing
We do not rent, sell or otherwise share personal data, except as follows:

We use affiliated and unaffiliated service providers including Logitech, Inc. in the United States that help us process personal data to deliver services and run our business subject to strict confidentiality agreements.
We may disclose your personal information to (a) comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process; (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of us or third parties, including enforcing agreements, policies, and terms of use; (c) in an emergency, including to protect the safety of our employees or any person; or (d) in connection with investigating or preventing fraud.
We may share your personal data for purposes of a business deal (or negotiation of a business deal) involving sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
With your consent.

We also freely use and share aggregated and redacted information that cannot be used to identify you individually.
Data Security
We use SSL certificates, data access limitations, anti-virus software and firewalls to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to personal data. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network is entirely secure. Be mindful of security risks when you transmit personal data to us. If you would like to report any security issues in any of our products, please fill out the form and required attachments at: Logitech Security.

