

Scope
This statement applies to your use of all features of the National Gallery of Australia’s websites: 

nga.gov.au
AustralianPrints.gov.au
ngashop.com.au

Introduction
The Gallery is obliged to comply with the Privacy Act 1988. This statement outlines the Gallery’s practices in relation to collecting, using and disclosing information via its websites.
National Gallery privacy policy
(pdf 195kb)
Cookies and general website traffic
The Gallery uses technology called ‘cookies’ to record information about your access to the website and to provide increased security. Cookies are small pieces of information which can be stored on your hard drive (persistent cookies) or in memory (session cookies). Cookies do not contain personal information and cannot be used to identify you.
Gallery websites use both types of cookies for a limited range of purposes.

Persistent cookies identify pages accessed and provide personalised features, for example, allowing you to choose which page you would like to make your start page of the website
Session cookies are used for security reasons, allowing you to be recognised once you have signed into the Gallery’s online shop. Session cookies also track the time you have spent on a site, so as to enable a page to be automatically locked after a specified time to prevent unauthorised access to your credit card or other personal details.

The Gallery automatically collects general website traffic information (eg: visitors and page view numbers) to assist us to provide improved services.
When you visit a Gallery website the Gallery may make a record of your visit for statistical purposes so as to evaluate visitor usage patterns. Information recorded or logged includes:

your server or IP address
the address of the referring site
the date and time of your visit
your top level domain name (eg: .gov/.org/.nz etc)
addresses of pages accessed and documents downloaded

No attempt will be made to identify individual users except under the Privacy Act 1988.


Collection and use of information
The Privacy Act 1988 defines ‘personal information’ as information or an opinion, whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion.
The Gallery collects your personal information through a variety of online forms. The information we collect may include your name, address, telephone numbers, email address and, if you are using the online shop, credit card information.
The Gallery will tell you why it is collecting your personal information and how that information may be used. With limited exceptions, the Gallery will only collect your personal information directly from you.
Your personal information will only be used for the purpose for which you provided it. For example, if you have supplied an email address so that you can be sent Gallery newsletters etc, your email address will only be used for that purpose. The Gallery will not use your personal information for any other purposes unless you have given your consent.
The Gallery will store your personal information in secure computer storage facilities. Gallery staff will securely handle and store your personal information in a manner which complies with this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Act 1988.

Electronic distribution lists
The Gallery distributes electronic information to the e-mail addresses of people who have supplied their address to the Gallery and have indicated they wish to receive Gallery information. The Gallery collects and manages these email addresses in compliance with the Privacy Act 1988 and the Spam Act 2003.
Links
Privacy Act 1988


Guidelines for Federal and ACT Government Websites





