
About

Live Universal Awareness Map (“Liveuamap”) is a leading independent global news and information site dedicated to factual reporting of a variety of important topics including conflicts, human rights issues, protests, terrorism, weapons deployment, health matters, natural disasters, and weather related stories, among others, from a vast array of sources. We are passionate about what we do and are energized by the positive impact we bring, as demonstrated by the loyalty and recommendations of our growing viewers across the globe. 
Our innovative map-centric approach to organization of information will allow our viewers to quickly find the stories most relevant to them, and in geographies of their interest. We provide open online access to a complete chronological archive of our site information, enabling the viewers to research past events and historical trends. We aspire to be the authoritative reference for the news and topics we cover by bringing clarity and transparency of information demanded by our viewers across the world. As dedicated and impartial reporters we consider ourselves citizens of the greater world, independent of geographic and political bias. Using our big data analysis methods, we aim to help predict and prevent future conflicts, minimize the impact of disasters, and assist travelers around the world in making conscious decisions about their security throughout their journeys. 
At Liveuamap we use proprietary software tools, such as its intelligent web crawlers, to find news-worthy stories which will be forwarded to our group of expert analysts for fact checking. Our dedicated editors decide which facts and stories should be displayed on the map to minimize spam. Our software development team is working on future improvements which will enable our viewers to create and manage their own maps. 
Liveuamap was founded in 2014 by a team of devoted software developers and journalists who wished to inform the world about the Ukrainian conflict. By viewer request, it quickly expanded its scope to cover other regions, including Syria, Israel-Palestine and "Islamic State war" news. Today, it cover more than 30 regions and topics, offers translations in several languages and can be used on mobile browsers via its own Apps which can be downloaded from Apple App Store for iOS or Google Play Market for Android. 
Liveuamap operates from its EU-based technical infrastructure and is governed by Liveuamap LLC under the jurisdiction of the State of Virginia, USA. 

