
 
Data Protection
The Department of Justice and Equality (DJE) is committed to protecting the rights and privacy of all individuals in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation, 2016/679 (GDPR) as given further effect in Part 3 of the Data Protection Act 2018.
The Department’s Data Protection Policy sets out how DJE secures and manages personal data in accordance with the Principles of GDPR. It can be viewed by clicking on the following link - Department of Justice and Equality Data Protection Policy. The Policy also explains how you can request access to your personal data.
The Data Protection Officer for the Department of Justice and Equality is Ms Eileen Tully.
Data protection queries should be forwarded to dataprotectioncompliance@justice.ie
 
Website Privacy Statement
This privacy statement explains how the Irish Naturalisation & Immigration Service collects and uses information about you, based on your visits to this website. You also have a right to obtain information about you kept by Irish Naturalisation & Immigration Service. This is explained is our Data Protection Policy referenced above.
 
How we collect & use personal information
Irish Naturalisation & Immigration Service does not collect any personal information about you on this website, apart from the information which you volunteer by sending us an email or completing our online feedback form.
Your personal information, submitted in this way, will be collected, used and stored to respond to your request or otherwise address the subject matter of your mail. It may also be used to compile statistics.
Your personal information will not be used for any other purpose and will not be released to any third party.
 
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on your computer or mobile device that contains data related to a website you visit. It may allow a website “remember” your actions or preferences over a period of time, or it may contain data related to the function or delivery of the site. Cookies can be set by the owner of the website or in some cases by third party services the website owner allows to present other information, run content or provide other functionality such as analytics. Further information on cookies can be found at: http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm
 
When you first visit this website, you will see a message informing you about cookies. If you click the ‘Hide this message” button, a cookie will be set that records your preference. Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies or to customise your settings for cookies. To find out how to do this, see the “managing cookies in your browser” section below. Please note that if you turn off cookies or change your settings, some features of the website may not work correctly.
 
Managing cookies in your browser
Within your browser you can choose whether you wish to accept cookies or not. Different browsers make different controls available to you and so we provide links below to popular manufacturers' instructions on how you can do this. Generally, your browser will offer you the choice to accept, refuse or delete cookies at all times, or those from providers that website owners use ("third party cookies"), or those from specific websites.
Below are links to several of the more popular browsers for procedures on how to view and disable cookies.
 
 
Specific Cookies in use on this site
1. Google Analytics
Irish Naturalisation & Immigration Service uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), to assist us in the functioning of this website. This service helps us to provide relevant information in an easily accessible format. We use IP Anonymization in Google Analytics – thus the IP address of the device you use to access our website is anonymised.
A sample of the types of cookies that are used on this website are outlined below. This is not an exhaustive list. If you are concerned about how personal data is processed via this website, please bring such concerns to our attention. Please note that Irish Naturalisation & Immigration Service does not collect information for advertising or retargeting purposes. You can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
 



Google Analytics Cookie Name
Description
Expiration


_ga
Used to distinguish visitors to site
Does not Expire


__utmz
Collects data on where user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used.
6 months from set/update.


__utma
Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
2 Years


__utmc
Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.
End of browser session


__utmt
The _utmt cookie is used to throttle the request rate and it expires after 10 minutes.
10 minutes


__utmb
Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
30 mins from set/update



 
 
2. Cookie Consent
The “cookieconsent_dismissed” cookie is used to determine whether to display the Cookie Consent banner.
 



Cookie name
Description
Expiration


cookieconsent_status
The “cookieconsent_status” cookie is used to determine whether to display the Cookie Consent banner.
12 Months



 
 
3. HotJar
HotJar records anonymised browsing sessions on just our site to help us understand pain points (difficulties) in the customer journey, which we use to tailor the customer experience. For example, we might see that many users are having the same issue navigating between specific pages, so we will tailor the website to improve user experience. Also, we use HotJar to collect visitor feedback on the website and we use that feedback to improve both the content as well as the design of the website.
We use Hotjar to help us understand user behaviour while on our websites and to provide some website features, like feedback forms or surveys. All visitor information is kept anonymous. Hotjar does not track or record visitors which have cookies disabled.
 



HotJar Cookie name
Description
Expiration


_hjShownFeedbackMessage
This is a HotJar cookie, which is set when a visitor minimizes or completes Incoming Feedback. This is done so that the Incoming Feedback will load as minimized immediately if they navigate to another page where it is set to show.
Session



 

