

Your security and privacy are important to us. We want to be open and clear about how we collect and store your information.



Payment Security:
We do not store credit card numbers after payment. During a credit card authorization process your card details are held in an encrypted form and removed from our server immediately after the process is complete. 

Personal Details:
We take our site users' privacy very seriously and never pass details to third parties. All information is held in a secure form on our server.


Emails:
Email addresses collected for notifying wine availability are used solely for that purpose. We will not sell or share our site users' email addresses. 

Search History Data:
All searches on the websites and apps are recorded. We de-identify this information for generating aggregated, anonymous data such as statistics for top searches.


Price List Data:
We use price data and merchant details for various additional services, including: our Cellar Calculator, generating average prices, links to merchants, and in applications for wine related websites.


Third party advertising:
Wine-Searcher is a participant in the Amazon Europe SARL Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.de, Amazon.fr and Amazon.it. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.


Customer feedback:
Wine-searcher collects customer feedback using Hotjar. This is so we can provide you with a better service. Hotjar will collect your IP address in order to tell us what country you are from. They will also collect the feedback you choose to leave, so they can pass it on to us. They are contractually forbidden from using this information in any other way. Hotjar Privacy Policy.





We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. Cookies are small text files that help us to recognize you when you return to Wine-Searcher, and to remember settings such as which currency you prefer to use. By continuing to use this website, we'll assume you are happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from Wine-Searcher, and from Hotjar, the company we use to collect customer feedback.






Wine-Searcher operates in a changing regulatory and technological environment; accordingly Wine-Searcher may amend these policies from time to time. Occasionally, we may need to make urgent changes. We reserve the right to amend this policy at any time, and without notice.


If you have any questions please contact us.


