
Personal data that you contribute includes:
PERSONAL CONTACT DATA
    This is data such as your name, email address or phone number. It allows us to contact you in person. It also enables us to send you marketing communications and location-based offers by email, post or SMS. You can therefore participate in consumer loyalty or rewards programs. Your personal data can also be used for prize or eligibility assessment in competitions and promotions. We might also need to use your personal data for operational reasons, such as website security and maintenance, and for demographic studies and audits. 
ACCOUNT LOGIN DATA
    Some activities such as website registrations require you to establish a user account. Unique login data stored might include ID/email, user name, password and/or security question/answer. This is essentially a security measure to prevent frauds. 
PAYMENT DATA
    If you create an account with us when making purchases, your payment data is stored under your account profile. This includes credit card details (cardholder name, number, expiration date) or other forms of payment means as well as the associated billing name and address. 
DEMOGRAPHIC DATA
    This data is about you as a person and your lifestyle options. Examples include your date of birth, gender, postcode, city and state, favourite products, hobbies and interests. This data enables us to tailor and develop products to your needs. We can also use this data to provide you with personalised website content or interest-based advertising. 
SOCIAL NETWORK DATA
    Whenever you allow social networks like Facebook or social networking features such as Facebook Connect to share the personal data in your profile, we are able to retrieve some of this data — your name, email, gender, birthday, city, picture, user ID or friend list, for example. We provide a variety of social features so that you can share content or tell friends about certain news, products or promotions. If you provide a friend’s email address for a tell-a-friend program, we check whether your friend has also opted for communications with us before using their data. Social features are also used for running competitions and to enable you to upload or share recipes, pictures, videos, artwork or other content. 
CONTENT GENERATED BY YOU
    This refers to any content that you create and then share with us by uploading it to one of our websites or applications, including one of our Facebook pages. Examples are photos, videos, personal stories, or other media and content. 
YOUR FEEDBACK
    We store the data that you wish to share about your experience in using our products and services, e.g. your comments and suggestions, testimonials or other questions or feedback related to our products. Typically it's collected in the form of surveys, panels, contact forms, emails and through social media.
    

