Information Collected Upon Registration: When you create or reconfigure a Feedspot account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address. Some of this information, for example, your name and username, is listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results. Some Services, such as search, public user profiles and viewing Folders or feeds, do not require registration.
Additional Information: You may provide us with profile information to make public, such as a short biography, your website, or a picture. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services or to market to you. You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from notifications from Feedspot. You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on our website. You may choose to upload your address book so that we can help you find Feedspot users you know. We may later suggest people to follow on Feedspot based on your imported address book contacts. If you sign up using any single sign on services like twitter, facebook, google, etc. we may notify your social circle and suggest them to follow you on feedspot to make your experience on feedspot better. You may choose to make the information more private if you want from the settings page.
Cookies: Like many websites, we use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. Feedspot may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
Log Data: Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") created by your use of the Services. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites or sign into our Services. Feedspot uses Log Data to provide our Services and to measure, customize, and improve them
Modifying Your Personal Information: If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account.
You can also permanently delete your Feedspot account. You will have to send us a request email to delete your account at You can also permanently delete your Feedspot account. You will have to send us a request email to delete your account at team@feedspot.com . We will deactivate it and delete it at the earliest.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at on this page. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at on this page. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.