
 
Effective date Feb. 11, 2010
Overview
Collegian Inc. owns and operates a Web site known as The Daily Collegian Online ("our site"). The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available and operated under the domain(s) and/or subdomain(s) of www.collegian.psu.edu and www.psucollegian.com. By visiting our site you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, do not use or access our site. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information our site gathers about visitors and the ways in which we use and don't use that information.
By accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy through accessing the services provided, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to amend or modify our Privacy Policy at any time in the future, in which case we will post a revised Privacy Policy on our site and update the Effective Date to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use our site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified. Therefore, you should check periodically for an updated policy. All amended terms are automatically effective once they are posted on our site.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to The Daily Collegian Online and does not cover any other activities or services, including print publishing, undertaken by Collegian Inc.
 
Information that is automatically gathered
During normal Web browsing, our site automatically logs information based on your behavior on the site, which may include:
(1.) The URL that you just came from and to which URL you go next.
(2.) Your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
(3.) The date, time and length of time of your visit.
(4.) Any page you visited.
(5.) Your computer operating system and browser type and version (if provided by the browser).
(6.) Search words you use to search our site.
The information collected does not identify you by name or any other personally identifiable fact. The information is used in aggregate form for internal reporting and marketing purposes. For example, we publicly release how many visitors our site receives on a monthly basis.
Collegian Inc. reserves the right to use client- or server-based cookies or "Web beacons" to track activity on our site and enhance traffic statistical information. However, companies that display ads or provide services on our site may use cookings or other tracking mechanisms. Their use of these technologies is governed by their privacy policies. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist the service provider in developing and providing its services.
Collegian Inc. occasionally offers services provided by external third parties to provide linked services for visitors of Web sites operated by Collegian Inc. The privacy policy of the external third party applies, not our Privacy Policy. If you visit one of these linked sites or a Collegian Web page that uses an external organization's services, you should first review that organization's privacy policy and its other policies.
Collegian Inc. is not responsible in any way for the content or policies of other organizations, and cannot protect information you provide directly to a linked site or service.
Collegian Inc. cannot protect you from unlawful interception by third parties.
Collegian Inc. reserves the right to and may add, change and/or delete additional third-party providers for The Daily Collegian Online from time to time at any time without notice.
Information provided by users
The Daily Collegian Online does not require any type of registration for normal browsing. However, we do sometimes request personal information for specific purposes, such as verifying a letter to the editor or posting a comment on a blog.
When we do collect personal information, Collegian Inc. will use it only for the purpose for which we requested it. We do not sell or distribute personally identifiable information to third parties except where required by law. Collegian Inc. will cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, investigations, and requests and disclose any information, with or without a subpoena, that is needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request or assist in any investigation of a law enforcement agency.
Our site is not directed to children younger than the age of 13 years, and we do not knowingly collect or distribute information from or about children younger than the age of 13 years.
Your California privacy rights
The California Civil Code gives California residents the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if a company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of your personal information by third parties for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure options.
The Daily Collegian does not disclose personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Thus, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your personal information for marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
