

What does this privacy policy cover?
This privacy policy is to inform you regarding the use of your personal information which is collected during your visit to our websites.


Who is responsible for the personal information collected on this site?
Your personal data is controlled ultimately by C&A Kudla Services cc, a company registered in n the Republic of South Africa


Special Notice - if you are under 13 years old
Our website is not aimed at children under 13 years old and we will not collect, use, provide or process in any other form any personal information of children under the age of 13 deliberately.
We therefore also ask you, if you are under 13 years old, please do not send us your personal information (for example, your name, address and email address). If you are under 13 years old and you nevertheless wish to ask a question or use this website in anyway which requires you to submit your personal information please get your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.


Purposes of the collection of your data
One of the purposes of our website is to inform you of who we are and what we do. We collect and use personal information (including name, address, telephone number and email) to better provide you with the required services, or information. We would therefore use your personal information in order to:

respond to queries or requests submitted by you
process orders or applications submitted by you
administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with us
anticipate and resolve problems with any goods or services supplied to you
create products or services that may meet your needs..



Additionally, if at any time you wish us to stop using your information for any or all of the above purposes, please contact us as set out below. We will stop the use of your information for such purposes as soon as it is reasonably possible to do so.
Except as set out in this privacy policy, we will not disclose any personally identifiable information without your permission unless we are legally entitled or required to do so (for example, if required to do so by legal process or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime) or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and/or defend our rights, property or personal safety and those of our users/customers or other individuals.
Please be assured that we will not use your information for any of the purposes if you have indicated that you do not wish us to use your information in this way when submitting the information or at a later stage.


Collection of non-personal information
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the website from which you linked to our website. We may also aggregate details which you have submitted to the site (for example, your age and the town where you live). You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on this web site. We may from time to time supply third parties with this non-personal or aggregated data for uses in connection with this website.


Interaction between you and us
We are interested in your views, and we value feedback from our clients and visitors, we therefore have set up notice boards, newsgroups, feedback, email, forum facilities and/ or chat rooms. If at any time this website offers any chat rooms, notice board facilities, newsgroups etc we may collect the personal information that you disclose.
Such information will be used in accordance with this privacy policy. However, we can of course not control and be responsible for other parties' use of the personal information which you make available to them through this website. We encourage you to be careful about what personal information you disclose in this way.


Keeping our records accurate
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review, change or delete the details you have supplied us with, please contact us as set out below.


Security of your personal data
We have implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes available, as appropriate.


Use of your personal information submitted to other web sites
On our websites, we may have links to other websites or you are referred to our website through a link from another website. As you can imagine, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites. Such content is subject to their terms of use and any additional guidelines and privacy information provided in relation to that use on their website.
We recommend that you check the policy of each website you visit to better understand your rights and obligations especially when you are submitting any type of content on those third party website. Please contact the owner or operator of such website if you have any concerns or questions.


Cookies policy
We use the term “cookies” to refer to cookies and other similar technologies covered by the South African Directive on privacy in electronic communications.


What is a cookie?
Cookies are small data files that your browser places on your computer or device.  Cookies help your browser navigate a website and the cookies themselves cannot collect any information stored on your computer or your files.
When a server uses a web browser to read cookies they can help a website deliver a more user-friendly service. To protect your privacy, your browser only gives a website access to the cookies it has already sent to you.


Why do we use cookies?
We use cookies to learn more about the way you interact with our content and help us to improve your experience when visiting our website.
Cookies remember the type of browser you use and which additional browser software you have installed. They also remember your preferences, such as language and region, which remain as your default settings when you revisit the website. Cookies also allow you to rate pages and fill in comment forms.
Some of the cookies we use are session cookies and only last until you close your browser, others are persistent cookies which are stored on your computer for longer.  For further details on the various types of cookies that we use, please read our cookie policy.


How are third party cookies used?
For some of the functions within our websites we use third party suppliers, for example, when you visit a page with videos embedded from or links to YouTube. These videos or links (and any other content from third party suppliers) may contain third party cookies and you may wish to consult the policies of these third party websites for information regarding their use of cookies. For further details on the third party cookies that we use, please read our page on cookie types.


How do I reject and delete cookies?
We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, should you wish to do so, you can choose to reject or block the cookies set by C&A Kudla Services cc or the websites of any third party suppliers by changing your browser settings – see the Help function within your browser for further details. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies so if you do not wish cookies to be used you may need to actively delete or block the cookies.
You can also visit www.allaboutcookies.org for details on how to delete or reject cookies and for further information on cookies generally. For information on the use of cookies in mobile phone browsers and for details on how to reject or delete such cookies, please refer to your handset manual.
Note, however, that if you reject the use of cookies you will still be able to visit our websites but some of the functions may not work correctly.


Changes to this policy
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy. If we make any substantial changes to this privacy policy and the way in which we use your personal data we will post these changes on this page and will do our best to notify you of any significant changes. Please check our privacy policy on a regular basis.


How can you contact us?
If you would like to contact us about our privacy policy, you can do so by emailing us at cuscare@Omniaccounts.co.za


