
Cookies
Star Stable Online uses so-called cookies on the Website in order to provide the User access to certain functions and in order to obtain information regarding visits to the Website.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file which is stored on the User's computer and which contains information. There are two types of cookies. One type of cookie is a so-called permanent cookie which saves a file permanently on the User's computer until the file is removed. The other type of cookie is called a session cookie which disappears when the User closes his or her web browser.
Session cookies are sent between the User's computer and Star Stable Online's servers in order to keep track of information regarding the User such as, for example, which user name is used.
Star Stable uses permanent cookies, among other things, to make it easier for the User to use the Service by providing the User with access to stored information, in order to obtain information regarding the use of the Service by individual users.
The information collected via cookies may be linked to personal information we’ve collected about you. 
Anonymised information from permanent cookies is also used for statistical purposes such as maintaining statistics regarding the use of the Website, to conduct surveys in order to improve the Service, in order to determine which parts of the our services are most popular, and to optimize the use of the Website.
Star Stable Online also uses the following third-party cookies:
Google Analytics - cookies are used to collect information regarding the manner in which the User uses the Website, e.g. which parts the User visits most frequently, in order to analyze the use of the Website and to improve user experience. More information is available at: https://developers.google.com
Optimizely – cookies are used to recognize the User when the User returns to the Website and to gather information regarding the use of the Website in order to provide information to the User in accordance with his or her interests. More information is available at: https://www.optimizely.com/privacy/
Facebook – cookies are used to recognize the User when the User returns to the Website and to gather information regarding the use of the Website in order to provide information to the User in accordance with his or her interests. This feature is only available to users 13 years old and older. More information is available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
How can the User remove cookies?
The User can choose whether he or she wishes to accept cookies. By adjusting the web browser, the User may avoid receiving cookies. However, this might cause failure in the function of the Service. The method used to block cookies will depend on the web browser used. Consult the "Help" or corresponding menu in the web browser for instructions.

