

Cookies


Star Stable Online uses so-called cookies on the website in order to provide the user access to
certain functions and to obtain information regarding visits to the website.


What are cookies?


A cookie is a small text file which is stored on the user's computer and which contains information.
There are two types of cookies. One type of cookie is a ’permanent’ cookie which saves a file
permanently on the user's computer until the file is removed. The other type of cookie is called a
session cookie which disappears when the user closes his or her web browser.
 

Session cookies are sent between the user's computer and Star Stable Online's servers in order to
keep track of information regarding the user, for example, which user name is used.


To make it easier for our players, Star Stable uses permanent cookies, which can provide the user
with access to stored information, such as how to use our services.


The information collected via cookies may be linked to personal information we’ve collected about
you.


Anonymized information from permanent cookies is also used for maintaining statistics, regarding the
use of the website, to conduct surveys in order to improve the service, or to determine which parts
of our services are most popular, so we can make it as user-friendly as possible.


Star Stable Online also uses the following third-party cookies:


Google Analytics - cookies are used to collect information regarding the way the user uses the
website, e.g. which parts the user visits most frequently. This is so that we can in analyze how the
website is used and improve user experience. More information is available at:
https://developers.google.com


Star Stable may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, and similar
technologies to collect information through the Services. The reasons are to allow our third-party
service providers to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and
analytics.


How can the user remove cookies?


The user can choose whether he or she wishes to accept cookies. By adjusting the web browser, the
user may avoid receiving cookies. However, this could cause failure in the function of the service.
The method used to block cookies will depend on the web browser used. Consult the "Help" or
corresponding menu in the web browser for instructions.


