
IVC-Online is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the IVC-Online Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the IVC-Online website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
IVC-Online collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. IVC-Online also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by IVC-Online. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by IVC-Online for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the IVC-Online Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through IVC-Online public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: IVC-Online does not read any of your private online communications.
IVC-Online encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from IVC-Online so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. IVC-Online is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the IVC-Online and IVC-Online family of Web sites.
We wish to maintain accurate Personal Information. If you would like to delete or correct any of your other Personal Information that we may be storing, you may submit a request to do so by sending an email to info@ivc-online.com. Your email should include adequate details of your request.
Use of your Personal Information
IVC-Online collects and uses your personal information to operate the IVC-Online Web site and deliver the services you have requested. IVC-Online also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from IVC-Online and its affiliates. IVC-Online may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
IVC-Online does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. IVC-Online may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, IVC-Online may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to IVC-Online, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
IVC-Online does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations.
IVC-Online keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within IVC-Online, in order to determine what IVC-Online services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within IVC-Online to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
IVC-Online Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on IVC-Online or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of IVC-Online; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of IVC-Online, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The IVC-Online Website uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize IVC-Online pages, or register with IVC-Online site or services, a cookie helps IVC-Online to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same IVC-Online Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the IVC-Online features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the IVC-Online services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
IVC-Online secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. IVC-Online secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
We are not located in the European Union (EU) and we do not offer goods or services specifically to natural persons in the EU or monitor the behavior of such EU data subjects. Therefore the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which become effective on May 25, 2018, does not apply to our activity. Nevertheless, we are currently in the process of updating our procedures and policies in order to be in material compliance with the relevant and applicable requirements of the GDPR.
Changes to this Statement
IVC-Online will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. IVC-Online encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how IVC-Online is protecting your information.
Contact Information
IVC-Online is committed to protecting your privacy and welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you have any comments regarding our Privacy Policy, or your Personal Information that we may be storing and using, or if you believe that IVC-Online has not adhered to this Statement, please contact IVC-Online at info@ivc-online.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
