
This section contains the privacy policy of Interlink Roads Pty Ltd the operator on the M5 South West Motorway (M5). You may review individual parts of this policy by clicking below:
INTERLINK ROADS PRIVACY POLICY
A number of aspects of our operations have the potential to impact on the personal and business privacy of our customers. This policy has been developed by Interlink as part of our ongoing commitment to the protection of our customers' privacy. We are committed to the maintenance of procedures and practices for the management of customers' personal information that will at all times comply with the recommendations of Australian Standard AS 4721 'Personal privacy practices for the electronic tolling industry' and Australia's National Privacy Principles.


Justification
By nature of its business Interlink Roads Pty Ltd collects and records information about vehicle movements. Whilst the data collected by our Electronic Toll Collection systems relate directly to vehicles rather than individuals, Interlink does have the ability to link this information with individual vehicle owners and/or drivers for the purposes of billing, answering customer queries and resolving complaints. The monitoring of customers' toll usage will be used for billing purposes only, unless specific permission is sought from and granted by our customers in writing.


Use and Disclosure
Interlink will ensure that all personal information collected or transferred to it will be used only for those legitimate purposes that are necessary to carrying on its business. Interlink will not at any time sell or give personal information on its customers to other organisations for their marketing purposes.
Working arrangements between toll road operators and associated legal and regulatory authorities designed to minimise the complexity of transactions and facilitate customer service, by necessity involve the transfer of information between these parties. Interlink will at all times transfer only the minimum of information necessary for effective and efficient management of customer accounts. When new arrangements are contemplated customers will be notified and given the opportunity to 'opt out' of any such arrangements.


Security and Accountability
Interlink will, wherever possible, collect information directly from its customers. We will ensure that customer information will be managed and stored safely and securely for the minimum time necessary and the company's records registers will specify the minimum and maximum retention times for such records. We will take all possible steps to ensure that personal information is protected against unauthorised access, use disclosure or modification and against loss. We are open to all reasonable public scrutiny of our management of customers' personal information.
Certain Interlink personnel have access to personal information including customers' account information for the purposes of answering queries or resolving problems at the plaza. Interlink will manage the use of personal information through a regime of access rights, password protection and effective supervision to ensure customers' privacy is respected and maintained. 

	This website may allow you to register a user name, email address and password to access your account information, make changes to the information held and order products. Where this access is provided, the access will be confidential and guarded by the specific user name and password. It is your responsibility to protect the user name and password and to prevent others accessing it. You are responsible for any material that is submitted to this website using your user name and password. Interlink Roads is not responsible for any activities that result from your misuse or failure to protect your user name and password.


Quality of Information, Access, and Correction
Interlink will ensure that all information collected will be relevant to the purposes for which it is intended, and to the extent necessary for those purposes, will be accurate and complete. Information will be destroyed once it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was originally collected.
Individuals have the right to have access to their personal information and have incorrect information corrected. Any complaints concerning personal privacy issues will be processed through the company's complaints mechanism.


M5 MOTORWAY CUSTOMER PRIVACY ADVICE
This advice sheet has been prepared by Interlink Roads as part of its commitment to maintaining the personal privacy of its customers and provides you with important information regarding your privacy rights. Please read the following information carefully.


What Information Do We Collect?


Your Customer Account
Interlink collects information about you from which your identity is apparent or can reasonably be ascertained ("personal information") to process your application for a Toll Account and, if a Tag/card is issued to you, to maintain your Toll Account and to administer your use of the Tag/card. When dealing with our organisation we may monitor and record your telephone conversations with us for staff training and service quality control purposes.
 
Using the Motorway

When using a tag or pass on the M5 South-West Motorway the following information may be recorded:
	• The location and the time of day
	• The direction in which the vehicle was travelling
	• Your account status

An image of your vehicle and its number plate details will be collected and recorded automatically when you pass through a toll collection point. If the toll is not paid this image may be given to the NSW Roads and Maritime Services and used for toll collection or infringement processing.  Information about your number plate details and trip may be available on our website for unpaid trips.
For the safety of our staff and other motorway users we employ video surveillance throughout our facilities and along the M5 South-West Motorway corridor. These cameras may record an image of you or your vehicle. 
The NSW Roads and Maritime Services maintain video surveillance cameras at certain locations along the motorway for traffic, audit and management purposes. These records are not made available to Interlink.

Your Customer Record
All information collected by Interlink will be kept secure and you have the right of access to, or modification of, your record at any time. To arrange access to personal information we hold about you or to request a copy of our policy statement please contact our Privacy Officer.
Use of Information Collected
The information collected by Interlink will primarily be used for the purposes of managing your account with us. You agree, subject to the Privacy Act, that we may disclose your personal information to organisations to which we have outsourced some of our functions such as mailing houses and IT contractors (service providers) and to the following organisations or types of organisations:
Nominated Financial Institution: We may exchange relevant information with financial institutions nominated in your application form to process transactions. In addition where you are in default on the account we may notify and exchange personal information where appropriate with credit agencies and/or our collection agent.
Roads and Maritime Services Interlink is obliged to transfer information to the Roads and Maritime Services for the purposes of infringement processing and management of the Cashback scheme.
Law Enforcement Agencies: We will make personal information available to law enforcement or regulatory agencies only if Interlink is served with a legally enforceable court order.
Research Institutions: Interlink may occasionally provide de-identified or anonymous data to other organisations or traffic authorities for traffic research purposes. In such cases Interlink will ensure that there will be no means of correlating the data to individual customers' personal data.
Travel Time: Interlink may use anonymous Tag data to calculate travel time between points on the motorway. This data will be stored on secure computers and will be deleted immediately following calculation of travel time. It will not be possible to correlate the data collected to individual customer data.
Marketing: We will not disclose your personal details to any other organisation for marketing purposes. We may use the details on the application form to advise you of new products or services from our motorway partners or ourselves. If you do not want to use the details on the form for this purpose you may request us to remove you from these notifications.
Other Tag Issuers: If arrangements under which Interlink administers your use of a Tag are terminated, or if Interlink assigns or delegates its rights and obligations to a third party, it may be necessary for Interlink to disclose your personal information to another party to enable that party to manage your account in place of Interlink or to enter into a similar arrangement with you. Interlink will ensure that it will not hand over personal information to another party unless that party agrees to:

Stand by the commitments Interlink has made to you: or
Inform you of changes to those commitments to enable you to close your account should you wish to do so.I

WEBSITE USER PRIVACY STATEMENT
Information Collection and Use
Interlink is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Interlink is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Security
Please see the previous sections above If you have any questions about the security of our web site, you can send an email to irpl@interlinkroads.com.au.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our web site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.

