
Purpose
This policy sets out how the Australian Trade and Investment Commission (Austrade) complies with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) in the Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act). 
The APPs set out requirements in relation to how we are to handle your personal information.
'Personal information' is information or opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable. The information or opinion may or may not be true and may or may not be recorded in a material form.
What personal information does Austrade collect and why do we collect it?

Austrade collects personal information that is reasonably necessary to perform its functions and activities. Those functions and activities include:
    
promoting trade, investment and international education. This includes assisting Australian enterprises to develop international business, helping to win foreign direct investment into Australia and promoting Australia's international education and training sector. Austrade works closely with state and territory governments to attract and facilitate productive foreign direct investment into Australia 
delivering Australian consular, passport and other government services in overseas locations
working on a range of tourism policy, projects, programs and research to strengthen Australia's tourism industry. 


The nature of the personal information collected will depend upon the function being performed and may include names and contact details, dates of birth, place of birth, citizenship, passport details (including numbers and photographs with biometric information), health information, travel information relating to an individual and information about business interests and activities.
Austrade also collects personal information in relation to its role as an employer and when contracting services including contact details, dates of birth, health information, information about education, qualifications, skills, performance, conduct and pay details. 
Generally, you have the option of dealing with Austrade anonymously or using a pseudonym, such as when you are making a general inquiry regarding our functions or activities. However, it may be impracticable for us to deal with you in that way in other circumstances or we may be required or authorised by law to know your identity in order to perform our functions. For example, to provide you with information relevant to your business or to provide you with consular services, we may need to know your identity.
How does Austrade collect personal information?

Austrade generally collects your personal information directly from you.  However, in some circumstances we collect personal information about you from someone else such as where you have authorised us to do so, where the information is on a publicly available source (eg by way of a company search), where it is necessary for a consular function or where it is unreasonable or impracticable to collect the information from you such as in the case of a medical opinion.
We may collect your personal information in a variety of ways including by phone, in writing, via our website when you provide information on online forms or through signing-up to a subscription.
How does Austrade use and disclose personal information?

Austrade uses and discloses personal information for the purposes of performing its functions activities. Examples of how we use and disclose personal information include:
    
disclosing your name and contact details to the organisers of a trade event that you have agreed to participate in
to provide you with information you have requested such as about forthcoming trade events in relation to which you have expressed an interest
to provide you with consular assistance including disclosing your personal information to other Australian government departments such as the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade
disclosing your name and travel details to a foreign emergency service so that they may locate or assist you in the event of an emergency in that country
to assess an application made by you, or 
to perform our role as employer such as in assessing performance, conduct or fitness for duty.


Austrade may use or disclose personal information for another purpose with your consent or where otherwise permitted by law.
Given the nature of Austrade's functions and activities, we may also disclose your personal information to recipients overseas such as when performing consular functions or arranging a trade event outside Australia. Those recipients could be in any of around 100 countries in which Austrade either has a presence or undertakes its functions and activities. 
Before Austrade discloses your personal information to an overseas recipient, we will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that the overseas recipient does not breach the APPs or is subject to requirements similar to the APPs (such as under laws similar to the Privacy Act or by way of a binding contractual requirement). Alternatively, your personal information will only be disclosed to an overseas recipient where permitted by law which includes where reasonably necessary for consular functions.
How does Austrade protect your personal information?

Austrade takes information security seriously and uses a range of IT and physical measures to ensure that your personal information is held securely and protected from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure. Austrade also takes steps to ensure that any personal information it uses or discloses is accurate, up-to-date, complete and relevant. 
Under the Archives Act 1983, Austrade is not permitted to destroy Australian Government records (which may contain personal information) except in specified and controlled circumstances. If the personal information is not held in an Australian Government record and there is no other legal impediment to doing so, Austrade will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to destroy or de-identify the information when it is no longer required for Austrade functions.
Access to personal information and correction

You may request access to your personal information held by Austrade and request that it be corrected if you believe it to be inaccurate. Austrade will provide you with access to your personal information except in limited circumstances set out in the Privacy Act. If we refuse a request for access or correction to personal information, we will provide you with written reasons for that refusal. We will respond to a request for access or correction within 30 days after the request is made.
Requests for correction of personal information can be made to the contact below.
How to make a complaint

If you make a complaint to Austrade about how we have handled your personal information, we will contact you regarding whether an investigation will be conducted, who to contact about the matter and an estimated timeframe for resolving the complaint. 
We will advise you of the outcome of our enquiries regarding the complaint in writing. 
If you are not satisfied with the outcome, you may take the matter to the Privacy Commissioner in the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner:
    Ph 1300 363 992
    Email privacy@privacy.gov.au
Sydney Office:
    GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001
Canberra Office:
    GPO Box 2999 Canberra ACT 2601
Contact


Complaints, requests for access and/or correction should be in writing and sent to:
By post:
    FOI Contact Officer
    Business Effectiveness
    Austrade
    GPO Box 2386
    CANBERRA ACT 2601
By email: foi.coordination.officer@austrade.gov.au

