
This Privacy  Statement applies to all personal information collected by daa plc for the  purposes specified below. The purpose of this statement is to let you know what  to expect when daa collects personal information about you via our websites,  telephone, email, mobile devices, manual forms, or in person.
With this Privacy  Statement, we want to provide transparency on how we treat personal data and  the purposes for which we collect data.
This Privacy Statement applies to  individuals that:

Purchase goods at one of our stores or websites
Sign up to receive information such as newsletters and offers
Submit a query via email, phone, online form or postal correspondence
Visit our website or use one of our apps.

We may collect information about you via  this website, telephone, email, mobile devices, forms, or in person. We may  collect the following personal information from you:

Shop and Collect – for purchases  made in store for collection at a later date from a collection point – we may  collect your name, contact number, flight information and credit card details
Click and Collect – for  purchases made online for collection from a collection point – we may collect  your name, email address, contact number, and credit card details.

For in-store  purchases we do not collect personal data (we do not retain payment data in our  shops). However, in order to provide duty  free prices, we collect flight details as provided on your boarding card. The  information collected is limited to the item purchased and flight information  such as the airline and destination details.
We collect this  information about you to enable us to complete the transaction for the product  you have purchased. Your personal data is processed in this respect for the  performance of the contract between daa, as data controller, and you, the data  subject.
Boarding  Card information may be collected in order to provide  duty free prices. We collect  this information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
Competitions – we may collect information when you enter  competitions we run in-store or via our social media channels. We process this  information to select competition winners and fulfil delivery of any such  prizes, in line with our competition terms and conditions. We  will ask for your consent to collect this information.
Staff  purchases – if you are a member of staff at Cork  Airport or its associated affiliates, we may also collect information such as  your Airport ID number. This information is required to enable us to complete  the transaction for the product you have purchased. We collect this data as  part of the fulfilment of a sales contract with you as a person eligible for a  discounted price.
Newsletter or direct marketing communications – where you have provided personal data not necessary for completing a transaction, such as signing up for a newsletter, we will ask for your consent as the legal basis for collecting this information. You can withdraw consent at any time by visiting our Marketing Communications Privacy Policy.
Information you provide may also be used to conduct statistical analysis of our products / services, analyse future trends and build customer profiles. This processing is carried out in daa’s legitimate interests and allows us to ensure customers continue to find our products valuable and so that we can continue to invest in the infrastructure to meet customers’ future needs at Cork Airport. This does not affect your rights as a data subject. See your rights in relation to your information for more.

At times, we engage  third parties to assist us in providing our products / services. Your personal  data may be shared with these organisations to allow us to provide you with the  product / service you have requested.
We may share your  data with the following types of organisations:

Software providers
Web designers
Payment processors.

We will never share  your information with these organisations for marketing purposes.
All personal data  collected for the purposes specified in this statement is processed inside the European  Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA) and will never be transferred to  countries located outside the EU or the EEA.
When you provide us  with personal information, we delete this information in line with our data  retention policy. We will retain the following personal data you have provided  for the following time periods

Transactional information on  the websites or at the tills – six (6) years after transaction
We do not retain full card  details unless you have consented to us doing so.

We will not collect any sensitive  information / special categories of personal data relating to you for the  purposes outlined in this statement.
Your rights as a data subject are as follows:
1.    Right  of access – you have the right to find out if we hold any personal data  relating to you. You also have the right to obtain a copy of any such personal  data we hold on you. The request is referred to as a Data Access Request.
2.    Right  to rectification – you have the right to request we rectify any information we  hold about you that is inaccurate.
3.    Right  to erasure – you have the right to request we erase any information we hold on  you, provided there are valid grounds for doing so.
4.    Right  to restriction of processing – you have the right to request we temporarily  restrict the processing of your personal data, provided there are valid grounds  for doing so.
5.    Right  to data portability – you have the right to obtain a machine-readable copy of  the information we hold on you, and have it transferred to another controller  if required.
6.    Right  to object – you have the right to object to the processing of your personal  data, namely in the case processing is carried out in the legitimate interests  of daa.
7.    Right  to lodge a complaint – if you are unhappy with how we have acted in handling  your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the  supervisory authority in your EEA country of residence, place of work, or with  the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland.

If you wish to get more information on The Loop Privacy Statement, please contact us by email: customerservice@theloop.ie

