Terms of Use / Distance Sale Contract
1. Ordering from the lamnia.com online store (hereinafter referred to as Lamnia)
1.1. It is not necessary for customers to register to make an order. However, customers can register, using the registration form, if they want to. 
When registering, customers shall:
- Register as a customer in Lamnia’s customer register by giving their name and other required information
- Give their consent for Lamnia to store their personal details in its customer database
- Declare that the information given is correct
Registration is necessary if a customer wants to receive any member reductions.
1.2. Customers shall pay due care and attention when using the online store.
2. The validity of the order
2.1. Communication between the parties shall occur either by e-mail, letter or telephone (tel. +44 33 0027 1061). After completing an order, customers pledge to check their e-mail for order confirmation and any other notices.
2.2. A binding sales contract will take effect after Lamnia has sent an order confirmation by e-mail.
2.3. Before the order has been delivered, the customer has the right to cancel the whole order, or parts of it, by e-mail, letter or phone. The delivery is considered to have taken place when the buyer has received a part of the order, or the whole order, or a notification that the order has been handed over to a transit company for delivery.
2.4. After the customer has made an order, Lamnia does not have the right to change the terms of contract, with the exception of clear errors.
3. Prices
3.1. The valid price is the price that is given in Lamnia’s price list at https://www.lamnia.com. The valid price is given in euros (EUR). Lamnia reserves the right to make price changes.
3.2. Any applicable processing and/or handling charges will be added to the order.
4. Delivery
4.1. If Lamnia has the product in store the estimated time of dispatch shall be between one and three (1-3) working days.
4.2. If the customer wants a product strictly by a certain date this must be mentioned separately; for example, in the field “Additional information” in the order form when making the order.
4.3. If the customer buys several products for which different delivery dates are given, the order will be delivered according to the latest given delivery date.
4.4. Deliveries will mainly be made through finnish mail Posti or the transit company GLS, unless separately agreed otherwise.
4.5. All the customs fees and taxes are solely the buyers' responsibilities. Lamnia always declares the real value and contents of the parcel.
4.6. It is buyers' responsibility to find out if the intended purchase can be legally imported in buyers' country and to obtain all the necessary permits and licences.
4.7. By placing an order with Lamnia, the customer verifies that they are over 18 years of age and are aware of all laws regarding the possession or carrying of the products they are ordering. Lamnia shall not be held liable for any infraction of laws by the purchaser. By placing an order with us you agree to our undertaking age verification or other checks and you agree to our providing details to United Kingdom law enforcement agencies. We reserve the right to refuse completion of any order at our own discretion.
5. Terms of payment
5.1. Payments will be made with the following payment methods:
- Advance payment via a bank transfer. The buyer will receive payment details for a bank transfer with their order confirmation. After the payment is registered in our account, we will send the order as soon as possible. The amount to be paid is stated in the order confirmation sent by us. The order will be cancelled if payment is not received within 3 days from the date of order.
- Cash on delivery (orders to Finland only). The payment will be made at the post office when picking up the delivery. The delivery will be handed over to the buyer against payment.
- PayPal. Buyer can use the PayPal payment operator to pay for the order. In such cases, the customer is directed to the PayPal website to pay for their order when ordering.
- Debit and credit cards. Orders can also be paid for with the most common debit and credit cards. The card will be charged with a separate PayEx form when making the order. In connection with making a credit card payment, the payer will be identified electronically with the help of the Verified by Visa or MasterCard SecureCode verification service, if such a service is linked to the payer’s credit card.
- Online banking services. Orders can also be paid for via online banking services. Banks currently supported in Finland for electronic payments include Aktia, Danske Bank, Handelsbanken, Nordea, Osuuspankki, Ålandsbanken and in Sweden Handelsbanken, Nordea, SEB and Swedbank. The buyer will be directed to the bank’s service page to make a payment.
- Invoicing (orders to Finland only). If the buyer represents a company, municipality, state organisation or another community, the order can be billed by invoice. The terms of payment for an invoice are 7 days net. Payments by invoice must be agreed upon beforehand with our customer service department. We reserve the right to verify the credit rating of the party to be invoiced.
- Some products require that a customer below the age of 18 has permission from their guardian to buy the product. Where necessary, this will be stated.
- 15–18-year-old buyers require their guardian’s permission when buying a product with funds that they have not acquired through their own work.
6. Returns
6.1. Private customers have the right to return unused products within fourteen (14) days of receiving the product(s), starting the day after the receipt date. The returned product(s) and product packaging shall be in the same condition as when received. This means that the product packaging shall be unbroken and the product shall have no signs of use. Address labels or other labels and stickers shall not be stuck directly on the sales package. Customers have to pay the return shipping cost. If the product to be returned is no longer flawless, i.e. the product can no longer be sold with the normal price given in the Lamnia price list, Lamnia has the right to deduct the amount that the product’s value has dropped from the sum to be returned to the customer. The payment will be refunded usually within a couple of days after receiving the returned product, but no later than within 30 days.
6.2. Companies’ and communities' right to return is more limited. The possibility for companies to return products must be agreed upon in advance with Lamnia’s customer service staff. If a company returns a product or products, they will be charged postage.
7. Deliveries that have broken in transit
7.1. A package may be damaged in transit.  That is why we recommend that you check that the product is in good order as soon as you have received it. If the package or the products ordered have been damaged in transit, a damage report should be filed immediately. After this, an agreement can be made about delivering a replacement product.
8. Complaints
8.1. If an incorrect or damaged product is delivered to the customer, the customer shall inform Lamnia of this within a reasonable time either by e-mail at info(at)lamnia.com, by phone at +358 053 5847 or by post at PRM-Trade Oy, Myllymäenkatu 12, 53550 Lappeenranta, Finland. An incorrect delivery shall be returned without postal charges according to the instructions given by Lamnia in section 6.1. The return shall be made after notification of defect. After receiving the returned product, Lamnia will refund the paid purchase price to the customer without delay, if it has already been paid.
9. Force majeure
9.1. Lamnia will not be held responsible for a delivery of an order that is prevented, delayed or made difficult due to circumstances that are beyond Lamnia’s control, such as war, natural catastrophe, export or import ban, a decision by an authority, a disturbance of general traffic or any other corresponding event beyond Lamnia’s control.
10. Solving disputes
10.1. Finnish law will be applied to any disputes or disagreements resulting from this Distance Sale Contract.
10.2. Any unarbitrated disputes shall be solved in the Lappeenranta District Court.
Data protection
Registration
Ordering does not require registration. However, customers can register, using the registration form, if they want to. When registering, a customer shall:
1. Register as a customer in Lamnia’s customer register by giving their name and other required information
2. Give their consent for Lamnia to store their personal details in its customer database
3. Declare that the information given is correct
Registration is necessary also if a customer wants to receive any member discounts.
Privacy and data protection
Lamnia’s customer data is confidential. Lamnia pledges not to divulge customer information to any other party than the company’s internal partners.
4. Customers shall pay due care and attention when using the online store; Lamnia will not ask for, or record, the following information about customers: 1. Bank information 2. Credit card information
5. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in the user’s computer after the user has visited an Internet page. The text file contains a small amount of information that only the Internet server can read when you visit the same web page next time.
Our website uses both temporary and persistent cookies. Some cookies are essential for our website's technical operations and use. Our performance cookies collect anonymised information about how users use our website. Functional cookies allow our website to remember your preferences (such as language or region), and they allow us to offer you better and more customised features. We use third parties to provide services, measure performance and for marketing purposes, and they may store cookies on your device. We do not control these cookies. For more information about third-party cookies, please visit the websites of our third-parties.
You can accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser.
Description of file
The description of file as referred to in the Personal Data Act (24.4.1999/523), section 10.
Controller of the register
PRM-Trade Oy / Lamnia
info(at)lamnia.com
Myllymäenkatu 12
53550 LAPPEENRANTA
FINLAND
+44 33 0027 1061
Purpose of the register
The information will be used to deliver products and offers and to monitor customers’ buying behaviour.
Information in the register
For identification purposes, the customer’s IP address, name, address, phone number, e-mail address and order history will be recorded in the register.
Regular destinations of disclosed data:
- to the user themselves
- in the form of a possible offer from Lamnia
- no data will be divulged by the controller to any outside parties without the express consent of the registered customer
- no data will be divulged outside the European Union or the European Economic Area
The principles of how the register is secured:
- registered users have a personal password
- the data is protected with a password that is required several times during a session
- no manual copy is kept of the register 