

1.1 General Information

ICGP Communications Ltd Limited owns and is responsible for the content of this site and a number of websites operated by groups within the Irish College of General Practitioners. Unless stated otherwise, this Privacy Statement applies only to the websites controlled by ICGP Communications Ltd. Any site belonging to ICGP Communications Ltd may have additional privacy statements that relate to their content, practices and use of personal information on each specific site. When visiting any of the ICGP Communications Ltd websites, it is recommended that users consult the individual privacy statements available.
1.2 icgp.ie Privacy Statement

ICGP Communications Ltd will use any personal information collected from this website in accordance with applicable Irish and European Data Protection legislation. ICGP Communications Ltd has taken appropriate measures to keep secure and personal information given by user of this site.
1.3 What information do we collect and why?

The information collected on this site includes:

1.3.1 Users' IP address, which is automatically logged by our web server. IP addresses are used to observe users' interest in this website (number of visits, etc).
1.3.2 Cookies are very small text files saved to your computer used to track user navigation around a website. At www.icgp.ie cookies may be used to store information on which areas have been seen by a user. They are not cross-referenced with any other information such that an individual person could be identified.
1.3.3 E-mail addresses and/or other contact details which users voluntarily provide in order to: a) receive information from www.icgp.ie /or our partners b) register for personalized information c) participate in discussion groups ICGP Communications Ltd will not disclose voluntarily provided details to third parties or use the information in any other way without prior consent. On all pages where personal data is collected, specific details on the use of this information will be provided.

1.4 Your Rights

You have the right to access your information held by ICGP Communications Ltd and where necessary, to have it amended. You can also request not to receive marketing information from ICGP Communications Ltd.
1.5 Discussion Groups and Forums

Users are reminded that discussion groups and forums are for member's discussion. Any personal information supplied by users during these discussions is widely accessible to members of the ICGP. ICGP Communications Ltd is not responsible for the content posted by users of these services.
1.6 Links to Other Websites

This website contains links to other sites that are completely unrelated to ICGP Communications Ltd. This privacy statement does not apply to these sites nor are we responsible for the content and practices of these websites.

