

Privacy Statement

This Privacy Statement ("Statement") applies to your use of the Drexel University ("Drexel") website (drexel.edu) and underlying subsites. It does not cover Drexel e-Learning (drexel.com) which has a separate policy. This Statement describes how Drexel may collect, share, and use personal information about you based on your interaction with our websites. Personal information that you share on Drexel-managed social media pages, such as Facebook and Twitter, are subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those platforms. Please refer to those policies before posting any content to those pages.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect personal information that you voluntarily submit using our online applications, surveys, and other contact and submission forms. This information may include but is not necessarily limited to your name, address, telephone numbers, e-mail, student ID, and password. 
If you visit our website, we automatically gather and store information about your visit including the IP address from which you access our site; browser information; computer operating system information; the date and time you access our site; the pages, files, and links you visit; and the web address of the site from which you linked to our site. Additional information that you supply in web forms, including search terms may be correlated with this visit data. 
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data sent to your browser by a website that you visit. Cookies allow us to collect information, such as your browser type, the time you spend on our sites, the pages you visited, your language preferences and other anonymous visit data. We may use information collected through cookies to improve the quality of our sites. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. Most web browsers allow you to refuse cookies, but doing so may cause you to be unable to access certain of our services.
How Do We Use Your Information?
Unless otherwise described below, we use the information that we collect for internal purposes only, such as to send service notifications, to customize the advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests, to improve the site, to conduct research, to solicit you feedback and input about the site, and to provide more relevant and effective products, services and advertisements on or through the site.
Online Tracking
Drexel contracts with advertising companies to advertise our products and services on unaffiliated websites and mobile apps. Drexel and/or its approved advertising companies also may place cookies during your visit. These companies will have access to the information needed to perform their functions, but cannot use that information for any other purpose. These companies will not have access to information that can personally identify you. Drexel may use these third party advertising and analytics companies to provide ads on and about our website. These companies may use this information to provide relevant ads and offers that may be of interest to you. 
Currently, Drexel is not able to respond to browser "do not track signals," however, consumers are reminded that they have the option through advertiser supplied opt-out tools to do so on their own accord.
Third Party Websites
We may provide links to third-party sites from our Drexel.edu sites. This Statement applies solely to sites on the Drexel.edu domain. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when leaving our site of the privacy statements as well as the terms & conditions of other sites that may collect your personal information. 
Security
Drexel uses website security measures consistent with industry best practices to protect its website, email, and mailing lists. These measures include technical, procedural, monitoring and tracking steps intended to safeguard data from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction.
Please keep in mind that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided to us through your use of the Drexel websites and any information that you submit is done at your own risk.
Limited to Online Privacy Statement
This Statement applies to information collected through our sites only. It does not apply to information collected offline. 
Changes to this Statement
This Statement is effective as of September 22, 2014. We will notify you if we make changes to this Statement, such as posting a notice on our homepage. Any changes will be effective as soon as they are published on this site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Statement, you can contact:
University Communications
Drexel University 
3141 Chestnut Street 
Philadelphia, PA 19104 

