
Terms & Conditions
Payments & Deposit
A deposit of 10 percent is to be paid at the time of booking.The remaining amount of the booking is due 30 days prior to the check in date.For reservations made, which are within 30 days of the arrival date, the full amount is due at the time of booking.
Cancellation Policy
A full refund will be provided if the cancellation is made more than 21 days prior to the check in date.Cancellations made within 21 days prior to arrival date will result in no refund.
Please note that during holidays such as Christmas and Easter, the cancellation policy is subject to change.
Health & Visa Requirements
It is the responsibility of each traveller to provide his/her own vaccinations and to meet passport and visa requirements.
Insurance
Travellers are encouraged to ensure against cancellation charges, personal accident, medical expenses and loss of property.

General
The information of this website is provided by South African Tourism Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates and related entities as a service to its customers and may be used for information purposes only.
The information contained in this website is without any warranty of its performance, accuracy, completeness, merchantability, good and workmanlike service or fitness for any particular purpose, and the user of such information agrees to waive any and all warranties with respect to same.
The use of the information and/or the use of a credit card or other debit device is at the user's sole risk. By accessing this site and the information contained the user hereby acknowledges and agrees to the terms of usage set forth herein, assumes all risk of such usage and therefore waives all liabilities and damages which may be created out of or is in any way connected with the user's access to or use of the information.
Should the user of this website not agree to the foregoing terms of usage, he/she is not authorized to access or use the information contained in the site.
Please note that users who send Internet E-Mail messages to the South African Tourism Company do so entirely at their own risk.
Security
The South African Tourism Company takes every precaution to protect users' information. User's information is protected online by firewall software.

Online Booking Facility
Please note that the company will not disclose any of your personal information to any third parties without your explicit permission.

