
Home > 
Terms and Conditions

Terms and Conditions 
Last update: 29 November 2017
Use of the Site

These terms of use (“Terms”) apply to all and any use of www.jamieoliver.com and www.jamiesministryoffood.com (each “the Site”). In accessing the Site, you agree to do so only for your own personal, non-commercial use and in accordance with these Terms. Please read these Terms carefully as they set out your rights and obligations and the terms on which we make the Site available to you. They also provide information on how you can submit material and how this will be used.
The Site is owned and operated by Jamie Oliver Enterprises Limited (“we” or “us”). Jamie Oliver Enterprises Limited is a limited liability company registered in England and Wales (company registration number 06294067) with its registered office address at Benwell House, 15-21 Benwell Road, London, England, N7 7BL.
Your use of the Site constitutes your binding acceptance of these Terms. If these Terms are not accepted in full, you should not access the Site and should stop using it immediately. We reserve the right to change these Terms at any time by posting the modified terms on the Site and it is your responsibility to refer to and comply with the most up to date Terms on accessing the Site. Your continued use of the Site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the latest Terms.
Unless otherwise stated, you may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, store (including in any other website), distribute, transmit, broadcast, commercially exploit or modify in any way any of the Site’s material or content (including other Contributions (as defined below) or any advertising or sponsorship), or permit or assist any third party to do the same.
You agree to only use the Site for lawful purposes and in a manner that does not improperly infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of, the Site by any third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, but is not limited to, conduct which is libellous, in breach of anyone’s privacy, or which may harass, cause real distress or inconvenience to any person. You further agree that you shall not (by way of example and without limitation), reformat or frame any portion of the web pages that are part of the Site; copy or modify the HTML code used to generate web pages on the Site; use any device, software, or procedure that interferes with the proper working of the Site, or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site; take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our IT infrastructure; modify, adapt, translate or reverse engineer any portion of the Site; disrupt or otherwise interfere with the Site or the networks or servers used by us; impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your connection or affiliation with a person or entity; or solicit, collect or store, or attempt to solicit, collect or store, personal information about other Site users.
The Site may include links to third party web sites from time to time, including without limitation, selected supermarket websites and social media websites such as Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest and Twitter (“Third Party Sites”). Third Party Sites with links from the Site have not been verified or reviewed by us. Your access and use of any Third Party Site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of that website. You acknowledge and agree that: (a) we are not responsible for the availability or accessibility of Third Party Sites or the content, products and/or services offered through such Third Party Sites; (b) our providing links to Third Party Sites shall not be interpreted as endorsement or approval by us of the operators of the Third Party Sites, the organizations sponsoring the Third Party Sites, or any products or services offered via the Third Party Sites; (c) we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of information, resources, or content available on or through Third Party Sites; and (d) we shall not be responsible or liable, either directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused in connection with your use or reliance on any such content, information, statements, representations, advertising, products, services or other materials available on or through Third Party Sites. If you decide to access Third Party Sites, resources or services, or transact with third parties for their products or services, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Some parts of the Site may have specific terms of use (e.g. competitions, contests and campaigns). By registering for and/or using these parts of the Site you are agreeing to these specific terms. If there is any conflict between the Terms and specific terms appearing on the Site, the specific terms shall prevail.
Subject to availability of the services (which may be based on a user’s location), users who register with the Site may purchase products through the Site that match the list of ingredients for selected recipes published on the Site. Such products may be purchased with selected retailers by clicking on the links made available on the Site, which will automatically add the ingredients to an online shopping basket with your chosen retailer (“Click To Basket”). By using the Click To Basket function you acknowledge and agree that you will be transferred to the website of your selected retailer to review and complete your purchase and shall be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of that website. You further acknowledge and agree that you may be required to hold an account with that retailer before you can progress with your purchase. Please note that all products are subject to availability. Where a product is out of stock, an alternative product may be recommended. Please note that we shall not be held responsible for the availability or suitability of the products you purchase. We urge you to carefully review the content of your shopping basket before proceeding with any purchase. If you decide to purchase any products, goods, or services from any third party website, you do so entirely at your own risk and we shall not be held responsible for any mistakes or discrepancies that may appear in your shopping basket.

Registration and Membership (Jamieoliver.com only)

This section of the Terms and Conditions (“Registration and Membership”) applies to www.jamieoliver.com only and all references to “the Site” in this section are references to www.jamieoliver.com.
If you would like to upload material to the Site, interact with the Site including participating in the forums or blogs or setting up a profile, you must register and become a Site member (“Member”). To become a Member you will be asked to “accept” these Terms and, on doing so, you will be deemed to have consented to and will be bound by these Terms.
When you register on the Site as a Member, you will be asked to select a user name and password you can then use to access your account and log on to and/or participate in areas of the Site reserved for Members only. We reserve the right to reject user names that are offensive, defamatory or otherwise unsuitable. You may update certain details via your Member account.
You accept it is your sole responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password and you are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Member account. We are unable to check the identity of people acting as Members or using Members’ areas and shall not be liable where someone else uses your password to log into your Member account.
You should make sure you are the only person using your Member account and you agree to notify us of any unauthorized use of your Member account and any other breach of security as soon as you become aware of it.
If you use any functionality this Site makes available that allows people to contact you or leave comments, you are accepting these may be abusive, untrue or unpleasant. Please be careful when using any messaging or commenting function not to reveal personal information such as your home or work contact details, your last name or where you live.
You agree and confirm that if registering as a Member, you are 18 years old or over and all information provided by you to us is accurate, true and up to date in all respects and at all times.
Where there are any other restrictions or eligibility requirements, these will be set out on the Site. We reserve the right to ask for written proof of age or eligibility from you. If we discover or suspect that you do not comply with the age requirements, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your membership immediately.
We reserve the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Site or any part of it (including the availability of any features of the Site) at any time and without notice or liability to you. We are entitled to suspend or terminate your membership or access to any part of the Site at any time if you breach these Terms or for technical reasons.

Contributions (including Contributions submitted via Social Media)

“Contribution” includes all content (videos, clips, pictures, recipes, reviews, comments, competition entries and all other user generated material) submitted to us or addressed for our attention, whether on our Site or via other means, such as social media websites (e.g. Instagram, Facebook, Twitter). For example, when you post a video or photo on our social media pages or address it to us using hashtags specified in one of our campaigns (including any campaigns run via Jamie Oliver’s Instagram account) your post constitutes a “Contribution” for the purpose of these terms. As such, you agree to be bound by these terms and your Contribution may be used by us accordingly.
Unless specified otherwise, under no circumstances may a minor under the age of 18 submit a Contribution, personal information or other content to us.
You agree and guarantee that any Contribution you provide or upload is original to you and does not infringe any proprietary rights, or intellectual property rights (including but not limited to copyright, trade marks (whether registered or unregistered), design rights and know-how), or any other rights of any other person. You must obtain any consent necessary for you to provide the Contribution to us. You agree and confirm that all facts expressed by you in any Contribution are true to the best of your knowledge and belief and, if your Contribution contains opinions, these are your own and genuinely and truly held by you. You further agree that nothing in your Contribution will: (a) include an advertisement, promotion, commercial solicitation, contest or survey (unless you have our written consent to do so); (b) contain, transmit or disseminate spam, chain letters, viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage or adversely affect the operation of another’s computer, the Site, or any software, hardware or other related equipment; (c) constitute illegal activity or conduct that could give rise to civil liability or encourages others to take part in criminal conduct or conduct that could give rise to civil liability; or (d) infringe the copyright or any other right of any person, breach any contract or duty of confidence, be defamatory, obscene or sexually oriented, abusive, vulgar, offensive, indecent, harassing, threatening, breach anyone person’s privacy or may constitute a contempt of court or break any applicable laws or regulations or be calculated to bring us or any other person into disrepute. You agree that your Contributions shall comply with any additional Terms or requirements on the Site and that you will at all times comply with the Terms as amended from time to time.
We do not, unless we agree this with you, claim any rights of ownership in your Contribution. As such, you retain all ownership rights and, although we will be able to use the Contribution as set out in these Terms, you will also have the right to use your Contribution in any way you choose. Where a Contribution is to be acquired this will be made clear on the Site (or in the relevant campaign) and you will then be able to choose whether to provide a particular Contribution on that basis.
Please note that we do not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for use in our programmes, any website including the Site, publications, other media or businesses. We are not responsible for the similarity of any of our content or programming to any media or materials or ideas transmitted to the Site. Should you send any unsolicited materials or ideas, you do so with the understanding that no additional consideration of any sort will be provided to you, and that you are waiving any claim against us or any of our subsidiaries regarding the use of such materials and ideas, even if a material or an idea is substantially similar to the idea you submitted.
If you submit, post or upload any Contribution to us or the Site or if you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to us or the Site, you automatically grant or warrant that the owner of such Contribution or intellectual property has expressly granted us a royalty-free, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide, non-exclusive license to use, copy, process, adapt, transmit, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, display and sublicense the Contribution in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed (the “License”). You agree that this License includes the right for us to make such Contribution available to other companies, organizations or individuals who partner with us for the syndication, broadcast, distribution or publication of such Contribution on other media and services, subject to these Terms. If you wish to keep any content, information, metadata, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not post or submit them to the Site. You agree that in the event we receive any royalties, compensation or other payments associated with exercising the rights granted to us under the License, you shall not claim any right to any portion of such royalties, compensation or other payments. You further agree that we may, in our sole discretion, use any Contribution for which we have a License in a manner that may link to, refer to or reference your user name, such as use of your Contribution on an affiliated or partner website as a featured video in a manner that links to or references your user name.
Whether or not we own the Contribution, you grant us (and third parties authorized by us) the right to issue publicity concerning the Contribution and any material or service in which it may be included, and for such purpose to use and reproduce your name and photograph if we wish (where these have been provided to us) and your Contribution.
We do not guarantee to use or otherwise make available any Contribution. Any Contribution may be rejected by us and may be edited, moderated or deleted at our absolute discretion. We reserve the right not to accept any Contribution that is not in English and cannot be moderated. All decisions are final and we will not enter into any discussions or correspondence about why a Contribution has been rejected.
We may, in appropriate circumstances, and at our sole discretion, remove or disable access to a Contribution that appears to be legally or otherwise problematic e.g. it infringes the copyright or other intellectual property or privacy rights of others, is defamatory etc. or for any other reason. In relation to all reviews and comments posted on the Site, you consent to us editing such reviews to ensure compliance with the Terms.
We may retain other Contributions even if they are not published. You agree, however, that we have no obligation to keep originals or copies of any Contribution or to return this to you or remove this from the Site on termination of your Membership.
If we terminate your Membership, your Contributions (if any) will remain on the Site – please contact us at enquiries@jamieoliver.com with details of any Contribution you would like to be removed and we will try to remove this.

Other Content and Complaints

Although we ask all Members to only submit Contributions to the Site that comply with the Terms, you acknowledge that Contributions supplied by other Members or individuals to the Site may include material you consider offensive or objectionable. We assume no responsibility or liability for such Contributions and, as the Contributions are created by other Members or individuals, it does not represent our views. You are solely responsible for your interaction with other Members or individuals on the Site or on our social media pages (e.g. on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter).
If you become aware of any misuse of the Site or social media pages and wish to complain about any Contribution or material on the Site or believe any of your rights have been violated e.g. your copyright infringed, you have been defamed etc., you can email us at enquiries@jamieoliver.com. In order for us to deal with your complaint effectively, we ask that you provide us with the following information:
• Nature of your complaint and location within the Site/social media page of the particular content.
• For copyright disputes, identification of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed and a statement that you have a good-faith belief the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law and that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
• Your name, address, telephone number and email address and such other information as we may reasonably request.

Availability of the Site, Third Party Sites and Liability

The Site, Contributions and information, images, logos and content relating to the Site, Jamie Oliver, and/or any of our associated companies, products and services (or to third party products and services), are provided ‘AS IS’ and on an ‘AS AVAILABLE’ basis without any representation, endorsement or warranty of any kind, including but not limited to implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy of the Site and/or Third Party Sites.
We will endeavour to provide the Site using all reasonable care and will use reasonable efforts to make the Site available to you at all times. However you acknowledge that the Site is provided over the internet and so the quality and availability of the Site may be affected by factors that are outside our reasonable control such as technical faults in your ISP’s and/or telecommunication providers’ network/service. We not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line systems, servers, providers, computer equipment or software, or failure of any email to be received on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, telephone lines or at any website (or any combination of these things).
We make no guarantees that the Site will be available, uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will be corrected, or that the Site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. Except as required by law, we will not be responsible for any loss or damage caused by: (a) interruption or delay to the Site or errors, viruses or bugs contained in the Site caused by events outside our reasonable control; (b) your negligence, your breach of the Terms or failure to follow our reasonable instructions; (c) any incompatibility of the Site with any other software or material on your equipment; (d) any unauthorized use of the Site; or (e) any other factor that is outside our reasonable control.
Content, information and other material on the Site may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. We do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of these or the reliability of any information displayed or distributed through the Site (including provided through any software). You acknowledge that reliance on any such information shall be at your sole risk. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any part of the Site and to make changes to the Site and to the materials, products, programs, services, content or prices described in the Site at any time without notice.
We cannot accept any responsibility for any damage, loss, injury or disappointment suffered through use of the Site. In no event will we or any of our third party affiliates or Jamie Oliver personally be liable for any damages whatsoever, whether in action of contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or other action, including (but not limited to) damages for loss of use of the Site, unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or Contributions, damage to equipment or other software, or loss of data or profits or for other monetary loss or for any indirect, consequential damages, incidental, special, exemplary, or punitive damages arising out of or in connection with the use (or inability to use) or performance of the Site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. In addition, in no event shall we or any licensors or third party affiliates be liable for any unauthorized use of the Site. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Site, or with any of these Terms, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site and the services.
These exclusions do not apply to death or personal injury caused by our negligence and only apply to the extent permitted by law. This does not affect your statutory rights.

Intellectual Property Rights Including Copyright

The names, images and logos identifying Jamie Oliver, all our associated companies or third parties and any products and services are proprietary marks of these parties. Nothing in these Terms or other specific terms appearing on the Site shall be construed as conferring to you any license or right under any intellectual property right of all the above parties unless expressly stated otherwise.
All copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in the Site (including the design, arrangement and look and feel) and all material, software or content supplied as part of the Site, other than your Contributions and Your Data (as included in the Privacy Policy below), shall remain at all times our property or the property of our licensors and is protected by copyright law.
Any products and services on the Site are subject to availability and are available at our sole discretion.

General

The Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Any disputes arising from the Site or Terms will be decided only by the English courts.
We make no representation that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use at locations other than the UK and Republic of Ireland and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is strictly prohibited. If you access the Site outside of the United Kingdom or Republic of Ireland, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws.
If any provision of these Terms are held by any court of competent authority to be unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this will not affect the validity of the remaining Terms which will continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
You agree to indemnify and keep indemnified us from and against all claims, damages, expenses, costs and liabilities (including legal fees) relating to or arising from your use and/or Membership or arising from any breach or suspected breach of the Terms by you or your violation of any law or the rights of any third party.
We can transfer our rights and obligations under the Terms to any company, firm or person provided this does not affect your rights under the Terms. You may not transfer or assign your rights or obligations under the Terms to anyone else and your Membership is personal to you.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Site, Terms or Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at enquiries@jamieoliver.com, or by writing to us at Benwell House, 15-21 Benwell Road, London, England, N7 7BL.

Back to Top
Privacy Policy and Personal Data
Last update: 29 November 2017
Privacy Policy
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, we confirm that the data controller of the sites at www.jamieoliver.com and www.jamiesministryoffood.com (each “the Site”) is Jamie Oliver Enterprises Limited, a limited liability company registered in England and Wales (company registration number 06294067) with its registered office address at Benwell House, 15-21 Benwell Road, London, England, N7 7BL (“we” or “us”).
This privacy policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Please read the following policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. By visiting this the Site, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
Information we may collect about you
We may collect and process the following information about you:
• Personal information you provide us, when you register on our Site, subscribe to our services, place an order, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions, enter a competition, promotion or survey, post a Contribution, contact us, or if you report a problem with the Site. Such information may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph or any other information from which you may be personally identified. Personal information supplied as part of the commenting function on recipes will, unless we tell you otherwise, be able to be seen by other users of the Sites, so make sure you only provide information you are happy to be seen in this way.
• Information we automatically collect when you visit the Site, such as technical information detailing your visits to the Site including but not limited to traffic data, location data and other communication data.
• Information we receive from other sources, for example if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this Site.
Facebook Messenger
If you contact us using Facebook Messenger, we receive your basic account information (first name, last name, gender, locale, profile picture, time zone) from Facebook. We use this information to respond to your message, and we may use it to re-contact you once via Messenger – within the time period permitted by Facebook. We do not keep this information longer than necessary to do this (generally one week). We do not combine it with data collected on this Site.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Site and also allows us to improve our Site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
How we may use your information
We use the information collected and held about you primarily to provide you with the services you have requested when you register to use the Site.
We also use the information we collect to:

carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
administer your Membership;
administer prize draws, competitions or promotions;
notify you about any changes to the service;
run promotional activity;
ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
administer the Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
allow you to participate in any interactive features of our Site;
keep the Site safe and secure;
measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you based on the information you have provided to us, including, for example, your country, date of birth and address (if you have consented to receiving email updates from Jamie Oliver Limited).

Disclosure of your data
We may share your information with any member of our group, including Jamie Oliver Limited, our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. We may also share your information with selected third parties including:

Our agents, business partners, advisors, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users.
Our partners that sponsor or promote any competition that we conduct or promote via the Site.
Our partners for the purpose of contacting you directly about their offers, promotions, goods or services (if you have requested to be contacted for such purposes).
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Site.
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others.

Marketing Communications
If you have consented to receiving email updates from Jamie Oliver Enterprises Limited, you agree that we may use your information to contact you by e-mail about offers, events, products or related services that you may find useful. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe link in any marketing communications received from us, or by contacting us at support@jamieoliver.com.
We may also, if you have expressly consented, share your data with other reputable companies both within and outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for such marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
Third party websites
The Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites owned and/or controlled by third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
 
Storage of your data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the EEA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Access to your data
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you and, where necessary, to have it amended. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a reasonable fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. To request access to your personal information, or if you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect, please email us at support@jamieoliver.com.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may from time to time review and update this privacy policy. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy will be posted on the Site and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy, as continued use of the Site shall indicate your acceptance of any such changes. All personal information held by us will be governed by the most recent privacy policy posted on the Site.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to support@jamieoliver.com.
Back to Top
Competition Terms and Conditions
Jamie’s Epic Christmas Giveaway
Last update: 11 December 2017
1. The prize draw is open to persons aged 18 years or over who reside in the United Kingdom, except:

a. employees of the Promoter or its holding or subsidiary companies;
b. employees of agents or suppliers of the Promoter or its holding or subsidiary companies, who are professionally connected with the competition or its administration; or
c. members of the immediate families or households of (a) or (b) above.

2. The prize draw is free to enter and no purchase is necessary.  A purchase will  not improve the entrant’s chances of winning.
3. To enter this competition entrants must fill in and submit the form available at http://stage.jamieoliver.com/competitions/jamies-epic-christmas-giveaway/.
4. Only one entry per person is permitted.  Every entrant has an equal chance of winning the competition.  Each entrant’s chance of winning will depend on the number of entries received.
5. The opening date for entries is 12.00pm on 12 December 2017 and the closing date for entries is 12.00pm on 18 December 2017.  Entries received after this time will not be valid.
6. The Promoter accepts no responsibility for entries not successfully completed due to a technical fault (including a technical malfunction, computer hardware or software failure, satellite, network or server failure) of any kind.
7. A winner will be chosen by random draw performed by a computer process on 18 December 2017 after 12.00pm at Benwell House, 15-21 Benwell Road, London, N7 7BL.
8. The winner will receive all of the prizes specified in the schedule to these competition terms and conditions (the Prizes).  That schedule also specifies any additional conditions that apply in relation to each of the Prizes.
9. The winner will be notified by telephone (using details provided at entry) on 18 December 2017 and must, if required, provide a postal address and email address to claim their prize. If a winner does not respond to the Promoter:

on the day he or she is notified by the Promoter (18 December 2017), then the winner will forfeit his or her prize of a voucher for a whole Paul Kelly turkey.  The reason for this short timeframe is that the Paul Kelly turkey needs to, due to timeframes for Christmas deliveries, be ordered by no later than 19 December 2017.  If the Winner does not respond to the Promoter by 11.59pm on 18 December 2017, then the Promoter will be entitled to select another winner for the prize of a voucher for a whole Paul Kelly turkey in accordance with the process described above;
and within 28 days of being notified by the Promoter, then the remaining Prizes will be forfeited and the Promoter will be entitled to select another winner in accordance with the process described above.

10. The winner of the competition consents to his or her name and country being made available on request.
11. Most of the Prizes will be sent to the winner by post or email within 28 days of being notified of their win, with the following exceptions:

the Tefal pack will be sent to the winner within eight weeks of being notified of their win; and
delivery of the Hotpoint kitchen will be arranged to take place by 31 January 2018.  Adverse weather conditions could impact on delivery dates of the Hotpoint kitchen appliances. Neither the Promoter nor Whirlpool is responsible for delays due to adverse weather conditions.

12. The Prizes for the winner:

are non-exchangeable, non-transferable and no cash alternative is offered;
cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotion (including any offer or promotion of Jamie’s Italian, Barbecoa, Kelly Turkeys and Landrover); and
do not include any costs for travel required by the winner to claim the full benefit of their Prizes.  The winner is responsible for any and all costs of any travel required to claim their Prizes.

13. The Prizes (except the Hotpoint kitchen) are supplied by the Promoter.  The Hotpoint kitchen is supplied by Whirlpool UK Appliances Limited (Whirlpool). The Promoter and Whirlpool reserve the right to replace the Prizes with alternative Prizes of equal or higher value if circumstances beyond the Promoter’s or Whirlpool’s control makes it necessary to do so.
14. The decision of the Promoter regarding any aspect of the prize draw is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into about it.
15. Participants are deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions upon entry. The Promoter reserves the right to refuse entry, or refuse to award the prize to anyone in breach of these terms and conditions.
16. The Promoter reserves the right to hold void, cancel, suspend, or amend the promotion where it becomes necessary to do so.
17. Insofar as is permitted by law,  the Promoter, its agents or distributors will not in any circumstances be responsible or liable to compensate the winner or accept any liability for any loss or damage occurring as a result of taking up the Prizes except where it is caused by the negligence of the Promoter, its agents or distributors or that of their employees. Your statutory rights are not affected.
18. Personal data supplied during the course of this promotion may be passed on to third party suppliers only insofar as required for delivery of the Prizes.
19. The prize draw will be governed by the laws of the United Kingdom.
The Promoter of this prize draw is Jamie Oliver Enterprises Limited of Benwell House, 15-21 Benwell Road, London, N7 7BL, United Kingdom (+44 (0) 20 3375 5601).  Any complaints in relation to the conduct of this competition by the Promoter should be lodged with the Promoter at this address.
20. Schedule of Prizes and conditions attaching to those prizes

One voucher for a whole turkey from Paul Kelly valued at £76.36.  This Prize is subject to the terms and conditions of that voucher.  The winner must advise the Promoter of the delivery address for the turkey by no later than 19 December 2017  and the turkey can only be delivered to addresses in the mainland of Great Britain on 22 December 2017.
One entire signed back catalogue of Jamie Oliver’s books valued at £520.  The back catalogue includes the following books: Jamie’s Italy, Jamie’s Kitchen, Happy Days with the Naked Chef, The Return of the Naked Chef, The Naked Chef, Jamie’s Dinners, Everyday Superfood, Jamie at Home, Jamie does… , Cook with Jamie, Jamie Oliver Christmas Cookbook, Superfood Family Classics, Jamie’s Great Britain, Jamie’s 30 Minute Meals, Jamie’s 15 Minute Meals, Jamie’s America, Jamie’s Ministry of Food, Jamie’s Comfort Food, Save with Jamie and 5 Ingredients – Quick and Easy Food.
One Tefal pack containing 28cm frying pan, 18cm saucepan, 20cm saucepan, a roasting tray and a stockpot valued at £150.
One Landrover teddy bear valued at £35.
One Merison dinnerware pack (pack contains four mugs, four plates, four side plates and four bowls).
One Fiddes Payne bundle (bundle contains three packs of ‘Lovely Lentils’, three packs of ‘Moroccan Salad’, three packs of ‘Black Daal’, three packs of ‘Curried Chickpeas’, three packs of ‘Tomato and Onion Quinoa’, three packs of ‘Chilli Spelt’, three bottles of BBQ seasoning, three Szechuan pepper grind mills, one salt grinder and one pepper mill) (valued at £85.50).
One Viva bundle of oils (bundle contains everyday olive oil, extra virgin olive oil and red wine vinegar) valued at £12.
The following Hotpoint kitchen appliances (including delivery and installation) (valued at £2229.97 in total):

one Hotpoint Class 9 SI9 891 SP IX Electric Single Built In Oven – Stainless Steel (valued at £609.99);
one Hotpoint FTGHG 751 D/H BK Gas Hob – Black (valued at £609.99); and
Hotpoint Day1 XUL85 T3Z XOV Fridge Freezer – (Stainless Steel) valued at £1,009.99.


A single space in a cooking lesson given by Jamie Oliver at Jamie Oliver’s Shepherd’s Bush Cookery School in London on 23 January 2018 between 11.00am and 2.00pm valued at £150 (cooking lesson is not one-on-one and will be given by Jamie Oliver in a class of approximately 12 persons).
One Caccuma coffee pot and a year’s supply of ground coffee from Kimbo Coffee (twelve 250g tins of BIO blend ground coffee and twelve 250g tins of classic traditional Napoletano blend ground coffee) valued at £250.
One voucher for Jamie’s Italian valued at £200.  This prize is subject to the terms and conditions of that voucher.  The voucher is valid for one year from the date of issue and no cash alternative will be given for any remaining balance.
One DKB pack valued at £107 containing:

one bakeware set bundle (each bundle contains a baking sheet, 20cm round cake tin, 25cm tart tin, 1LB loaf tin, two spatulas and a cake slice);
and one utensil bundle (each bundle contains a paring knife, a utility knife, a chef’s knife, shears and five cookie cutters).


One voucher for a complimentary afternoon tea for up to two persons at Barbecoa Piccadilly valued at up to £100.  This prize is subject to the terms and conditions of that voucher (available at www.barbecoa.com/terms).  The voucher is valid between 2 January 2018 and 28 February 2018, is only redeemable on the afternoon tea menu and can only be used in one transaction for dine in only.   The voucher cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or set menu.  No cash alternative is available.  A booking is required.
One Luxury Christmas hamper from Waitrose (non-perishables) valued at £200.
One full day Landrover Experience voucher at an approved UK Land Rover Experience Centre valued at £400.  This prize is subject to the terms and conditions of that voucher.  The voucher is valid for 12 months from the date of issue and participants must be 23 or over with a current full UK driving licence for at least the last 12 months.

Back to Top
