\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nOur Commitment To Privacy:Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.\r\nThe Information We Collect:This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the www.hookah-shisha.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and opt in to receive emails. \r\nThe Way We Use Information:We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties. We use and store email addresses to answer the email we receive and to contact you (my email or by phone) if any order-related issues arise. Contact information is not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register on our website if you would like to receive monthly email updates on our new products, services, and promotions. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you "opt in" on our website. You may un-subscribe to this email at any time.\r\n"Live Help" Chat Feature:In our commitment to provide the most outstanding customer service possible, we have a "live help" chat feature where you can chat in real-time with a Hookah and Shisha Central Customer Service representative. This service is provided by LivePerson\xa9, a multi-channel communication platform that manages online interactions. When you engage in a chat with one of our representatives, LivePerson\xa9 automatically recognizes your domain name and "Internet Protocol" or IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. LivePerson\xa9 also collects information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, the search engine (if any) you used to access our site along with any keywords used, as well as the number of Hookah-Shisha.com\'s Web pages you have accessed. This information is solely used for internal purposes and is in no way shared with any outside parties. We use this information to help our team develop better and more easily accessible web pages and to troubleshoot any site-related issues. LivePerson\xa9 does not record your email address.\r\nCookies:Hookah-Shisha.com uses "cookies," which is a small collection of data, including the user name and the current date and time, that is sent to your web browser and stored as a text file on your hard drive. Cookies are solely used to identify visitors who have previously registered or visited our website. We do not use cookies to store or view any of your personal information. You must have cookies "enabled" on your browser to place an order on the hookah-shisha.com website. If you do not wish to enable cookies on your browser you may still place your order over our Live Help chats or by telephone. \r\nOur Commitment To Data Security/Credit Card Information:Hookah-Shisha.com is obligated to protect your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we are given online. We use an SSL (secure socket layer) encryption certificate provided by VeriSign\xae, the leading SSL Certificate authority enabling secure e-commerce and communications. Credit card transactions are processed through Linkpoint\xae International, a leader in e-commerce transactions. In an effort to combat credit card fraud and to prevent the purchase of our products by minors, hookah-shisha.com reserves the right to request additional verification before an order is processed and shipped. The information requested may include, but is not limited to, copies of the cardholders ID and/or credit card used to make the purchase. Hookah-shisha.com does not share this information with 3rd parties and it strictly used for verification purposes. \r\nLinks to Other Websites:Hookah-Shisha.com contains hyperlinks to third party Web Sites. Hookah-Shisha.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of said third party Web sites or advertisers. Hookah-Shisha.com does not share any of your personal information to third parties to which we link to. Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy.\r\nDisclosure of information to 3rd Parties:\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\t\t\r\n\r\n\r\nYour privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.\r\nThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the www.hookah-shisha.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and opt in to receive emails.\r\nWe use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties. We use and store email addresses to answer the email we receive and to contact you (my email or by phone) if any order-related issues arise. Contact information is not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register on our website if you would like to receive monthly email updates on our new products, services, and promotions. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you "opt in" on our website. You may un-subscribe to this email at any time.\r\nIn our commitment to provide the most outstanding customer service possible, we have a "live help" chat feature where you can chat in real-time with a Hookah and Shisha Central Customer Service representative. This service is provided by LivePerson\xa9, a multi-channel communication platform that manages online interactions. When you engage in a chat with one of our representatives, LivePerson\xa9 automatically recognizes your domain name and "Internet Protocol" or IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. LivePerson\xa9 also collects information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, the search engine (if any) you used to access our site along with any keywords used, as well as the number of Hookah-Shisha.com\'s Web pages you have accessed. This information is solely used for internal purposes and is in no way shared with any outside parties. We use this information to help our team develop better and more easily accessible web pages and to troubleshoot any site-related issues. LivePerson\xa9 does not record your email address.\r\nHookah-Shisha.com uses "cookies," which is a small collection of data, including the user name and the current date and time, that is sent to your web browser and stored as a text file on your hard drive. Cookies are solely used to identify visitors who have previously registered or visited our website. We do not use cookies to store or view any of your personal information. You must have cookies "enabled" on your browser to place an order on the hookah-shisha.com website. If you do not wish to enable cookies on your browser you may still place your order over our Live Help chats or by telephone.\r\nHookah-Shisha.com is obligated to protect your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we are given online. We use an SSL (secure socket layer) encryption certificate provided by VeriSign\xae, the leading SSL Certificate authority enabling secure e-commerce and communications. Credit card transactions are processed through Linkpoint\xae International, a leader in e-commerce transactions.In an effort to combat credit card fraud and to prevent the purchase of our products by minors, hookah-shisha.com reserves the right to request additional verification before an order is processed and shipped. The information requested may include, but is not limited to, copies of the cardholders ID and/or credit card used to make the purchase. Hookah-shisha.com does not share this information with 3rd parties and it strictly used for verification purposes.\r\nHookah-Shisha.com contains hyperlinks to third party Web Sites. Hookah-Shisha.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of said third party Web sites or advertisers. Hookah-Shisha.com does not share any of your personal information to third parties to which we link to. Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy.\r\n\r\nHookah-Shisha.com may disclose any personal information when required by law or in a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:\r\n\r\n1. Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities (including but not limited to: credit card fraud, purchases of our products by minors, and use of our products with controlled substances) and conform to the edicts of state and federal law or comply with legal process served on Hookah-Shisha.com.\r\n\r\n2. Protect and defend the rights or property of Hookah-Shisha.com and related properties, or visitors to the Hookah-Shisha.com sites and related properties.\r\n\r\n3. Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing the Hookah-Shisha.com network or its related properties.\r\nLegal Notice:\r\n\r\n\r\nAll Hookahs and smoking accessories sold at Hookah-Shisha.com are intended for legal tobacco smoking use by adults (18 years or older) only. Any other use of such products, by minors or for use with controlled substances is punishable by law. Credit card fraud is a felony and we will aggressively prosecute anyone attempting to misuse a credit card number. We track every transaction and will use all means available to prosecute persons attempting fraud. \r\nIntellectual Property:All materials including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, logos, slogans, content, source code and other written and visual materials on the Hookah-Shisha.com Website and any of its affiliates are the exclusive copyright, trademark, and/or otherwise noted intellectual property owned and/or licensed by Hookah-Shisha.com. Any misuse of this or any affiliate website may be punishable by law.\r\n\r\n\r\nAll materials including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, logos, slogans, content, source code and other written and visual materials on the Hookah-Shisha.com Website and any of its affiliates are the exclusive copyright, trademark, and/or otherwise noted intellectual property owned and/or licensed by Hookah-Shisha.com. Any misuse of this or any affiliate website may be punishable by law.\r\n\r\n