


This website (“Site”) is operated by Adam Opel AG on behalf of the group of related companies distributing Opel branded vehicles in Europe (“Opel”). Our registered head office is at Bahnhofsplatz, D-65423 Rüsselsheim, Germany.
 
Please read this policy carefully before using this Site because it explains how we will process personal data and how we use cookies. Using this Site indicates that you accept this policy. If you do not accept the content of this policy, do not use this Site.


1. Types of data being processed / links to other websites

Opel cares about your privacy. Via this Site Opel does not collect or process any personal data with the exception of information collected via cookies as explained below in this policy.
 
This Site can also contain links to other Opel websites or to websites of our dealers, authorized repairers, other affiliated companies or social media websites. When you click on such a link to any of such other Opel or third party websites, please be aware that these websites have their own data privacy policies. Please check their privacy policies when using these websites.
 
Please be informed that Opel cannot accept any responsibility or liability for third party websites.


2. Collection and use of information

For optimizing this Site in terms of system-performance, usability and providing useful information about our products and services, we automatically gather and store information in log files on your computer. This includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language setting, operating system, internet service provider (ISP) and the date/time stamp.
 
We use this information to manage the Site efficiently, learn more about our users’ behaviors across the Site, analyze trends and gather demographic data about our users as a whole. The information collected may be used for our marketing and advertising services and communications (for example optimizing and improving the user experience, providing more attractive special offers and services).
 
If we use non-personal information together with Personal Data, this information is treated as Personal Data for as long as it remains combined.


3. Use of cookies

This Site, email messaging, online services, advertisements and interactive applications may use “cookies” for optimizing our services.
 
What is a “cookie”?
 
A “cookie” is a small file, typically of letters and numbers that we send to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk by our web server. This for example allows our website to recognize a user’s device when a connection has been established between the web server and the web browser. The main purpose of a cookie is to allow our web server to present the user with customized web pages that make the experience when visiting the Opel website more personal and better responding to the user’s individual needs.

What kind of cookies does this Site use?
 
Opel may use two types of cookies on this Site:
 

Session cookies: these are temporary cookies that are stored in the cookie file of your browser until you end your browser session. Those cookies are mandatory for certain applications or functionalities on this Site to work properly.


Persistent cookies: we may use persistent cookies for a better user experience (e.g. providing optimized navigation). Those cookies remain in the cookie file of your browser for a longer period. This time period will depend on the choice you make in the settings of your internet browser. Persistent cookies allow information to be passed to a web server each time someone visits the site. Persistent cookies are also known as tracking cookies.

 

There are many on-line publications on cookies in case you want to read more. See for example: http://www.allaboutcookies.org


 4. Third party cookies

Opel may use third party advertisers to serve advertisements and to optimize our marketing communication. Third-party advertisers use cookies to measure the effectiveness of the ads and to personalize advertising content. Information that is collected by third party advertisers may include data such as geolocation data (as derived from the IP-address) or contact details such as email address when this would be collected via this Site.


5. Web beacons and pixels

  This Site contains web beacons (also called: “pixel tags”). A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel, that is placed on a website or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the on-line behavior of the user visiting the web site or sending the e-mail. Web beacons are used by third-party technologies, on this Site those of Omniture Publish, to monitor the activity of the users to our Site. It allows to track which computer accessed a certain website, when and from where (country/city level). 


			6. Tracking and Analysis

Opel uses for a continuous optimization of its marketing communication the analytical software “Omniture Publish” of Adobe Inc. It allows for tracking on-line behavior in terms of time, geographic location and usage of this Site. This information is collected via tracking pixels and/or cookies. The information gained via tracking pixels and/or cookies is anonymous and will not be connected to personal data. All information that is necessary for this analysis is stored on servers in Germany. Opel does not share this information with any third party for its independent use.


			7. Enabling and disabling cookies and similar technologies

You have the ability to accept or decline all cookies on all the websites you visit by changing the settings in your internet browser. For example when you use Internet Explorer version 8.0 you must do the following: 1. choose Tools followed by Internet Options 2. click the tab Privacy 3. use the slider to choose the settings you prefer.
 
For other internet browsers please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about how to modify your browser settings or how to delete cookies.Please note that certain features and the full functionality of this Site will not be available once cookies are disabled.


In case you want to block third party cookies (or change your mind later) you can make the appropriate choices on the following website:
http://www.omniture.com/en/privacy/policy#optout


			8. Contacting us

If you have any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy, please contact us atthe address stated below. The same applies in case you want to have access to any information we have on you as collected via this Site, or when you want this information to be corrected, blocked or deleted.
 
Adam Opel AG
Bahnhofsplatz
D-65423 Rüsselsheim
Germany
 
Mail our customer care center : kunden.info.center@de.opel.com
T: +49(0) 6142 7-70
 F: +49 (0) 6142) 7-7 88 00

 
  See our Legal Notice for the full company details
 
 
Date: March 2, 2012


