
Customer care and assistance via Social Media
 
You may contact Adam Opel AG also via our Social Media Channels. E.g., if you send us a message or post something on our Social Media Channels, we may use the information in your message or post to follow-up with you on the issue you contacted us for via the Social Media Channel which you used. In order to give you the assistance you requested, we may ask you to provide via direct or private message further information such as details on the issue, name, email, VIN, phone, location (city/state) and/or make, model and year of the vehicle. The information you provide will not be used for direct marketing; market research for service and product improvement will only be carried out on bases of aggregated (anonymized) data.
 
Please note that you should not include any sensitive data (such as information on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical convictions, or health) into you post or message.
 
Be aware that if you post something on a public Social Media Channel, anyone might be able to read it.
 
Social Media Plug-ins
 
Facebook
This website does not use the original social plugins (‘plugins’) of the social network facebook.com operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (‘Facebook’), but a modified form.

 
We have modified the plugins on this website so that the transfer to Facebook of data that can be associated with a person only takes place after clicking the Share button.

 
Clicking the Share button activates the plugin and your browser establishes a direct connection with the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transferred by Facebook directly to the browser, which integrates it in the website. We therefore have no influence on the scope of data that Facebook collects with this plugin, which is why we are informing you based on information available to us:

By clicking the Share button, Facebook receives the information that you have called up the corresponding page on our website. If you are logged on to Facebook, then Facebook can assign your visit to your Facebook account. When you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking the Share button, the corresponding information is transmitted by your browser directly to Facebook where it is stored. If you are not a Facebook member, it is nevertheless possible for Facebook to obtain and store your IP address. Only an anonymized IP address is stored in Germany according to Facebook.

For the purpose and scope of data collection as well as the subsequent processing and use of the data by Facebook after clicking the Share button, and your related rights and the settings you can configure to protect your privacy, please consult the Facebook data privacy statement https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
 
Google+
This website does not use the original plugins for ‘google+1’ (Google Plus) provided and operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (‘Google’), but a modified form.
 
We have modified the plugins on this website so that the transfer to Google of data that can be associated with a person only takes place after clicking the ‘+’ button.
 
Clicking the ‘+’ button activates the plugin and your browser establishes a direct connection with the Google servers. The content of the plugin is then transferred to your browser, which integrates it in the website that is displayed. This sends the information to Google that you have visited our website.
 
If you are logged on to your personal Google account with Google Plus or Google while visiting our website, Google can assign the website visit to this account. Clicking the button transmits this information directly to Google where it is stored. If you want to prevent this transfer of data, you have to log off your Google Plus or Google account before visiting our website.
 
We have no influence on the scope and content of the data Google collects with the button. It is not possible for us to exclude the possibility that your IP address is also collected and transmitted. For the purpose, scope, and use of the data collected by Google Inc., please consult their data privacy statement: https://developers.google.com/+/web/buttons-policy
 
If you are a Google Plus member or have logged on to Google and do not want Google to collect data when you call up our website, linking this to your member data stored by Google, you have to log off Google Plus or Google before visiting our website.
 
Twitter
Our website contains functions of Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. When you use Twitter and in particular the ‘Re-Tweet’ function, Twitter links your Twitter account with the websites you have visited. This is shared with other Twitter users, in particular your followers. Data is also transmitted to Twitter this way. We as the provider of our website are not informed by Twitter about the content of the transmitted data or its use. You can obtain further information under the following link: http://twitter.com/privacy
 
However, please note that you can change your Twitter privacy settings in your account settings under .
 
Source: Flegl Rechtsanwälte GmbH
 





