Privacy
Revised September 22, 2008 – The Ohio Department of Education (ODE) recognizes the importance of internet privacy to its website visitors. Visitors, therefore, should be aware of the following information:

	Public Records

	It is the policy of the State Board of Education and the Ohio Department of Education (collectively the “Department”) that openness leads to a better-informed citizenry, which leads to better government and better public policy. It is the policy of the Department to strictly adhere to the state’s Public Records Act. All exemptions to openness are to be carefully construed and any denial of public records in response to a valid request must be accompanied by an explanation, including legal authority, as outlined in the Ohio Revised Code. If the request is in writing, the explanation must also be in writing.

	Usage Statistics

	In order to generate usage statistics to help us improve our web site, we automatically collect certain information on every visitor to the web site. However, this information does not disclose "personal identifiers" (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc.). Each time a request is made to view a page within this web site, our web site creates a log file capturing generic user information. Examples of this type of information includes the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using, the date and time you accessed this site, the Internet protocol address of the individual computer (or proxy server) making the request, and the Internet address of the site from which you may have linked to this site.

	All information collected by way of server log files is used in aggregate form only, and may be analyzed for trends and statistics.

	Security Measures

	For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. By accessing these Web pages, you expressly consent to ODE monitoring of this site for unauthorized activities. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the U.S. Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.

	This site may include among its services discussion forums and comment areas in which users are invited to submit comments. In some cases, personal identifier information such as name or e-mail address is requested or required. This information is posted for public access along with the submitted comments and messages which it accompanies. In all cases, participation is strictly voluntary and no other use is made of the information.

	Web Cookies

	Visitors who submit information via this web site should be aware that data linking your computer to this web site (a "cookie") may be created. Temporary cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction, to process data submitted to us online or to facilitate ongoing Internet interaction. Information collected on our web sites, including cookies, may also be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request.

	Disclaimer

	The information provided on this Web site is a product of the Ohio Department of Education and is not to be sold or otherwise distributed for profit. There are no expressed or implied warranties concerning the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usability of this information. Further, ODE assumes no responsibility for any incorrect results or damage resulting from the use of this information. All users shall expressly hold ODE harmless from any liability or loss due to any computer or software generated problems associated with these files. It is the sole responsibility of the user to keep all files current with those on the Web site. No technical support will be provided by ODE.

	Access and Dispute of Information Rights

	Pursuant to Ohio Revised Code, sections 149.43, 1347.08 and 1347.09, users have rights to their information given to this site, in respect to inspecting, correcting and disputing. This is applicable to any information collected, used or maintained on ODE's Web site.

	Request to Redact Address From Internet Records

	A peace officer, parole officer, prosecuting attorney, assistant prosecuting attorney, correctional employee, youth services employee, firefighter, or EMT may request a public office or a person responsible for the public records of a public office, other than a county auditor’s office, to redact the address* of the person making the request from any record made available to the public on the internet. Ohio Revised Code Section 149.45 (D)(1) *For purposes of this law, “address” is defined as “actual personal residence” by Ohio Revised Code 149.43(A)(7)(a). This form is required to “include a place to provide any information that identifies the location of the address [of the individual] to be redacted.” O.R.C. 149.45(D)(4) If redaction is not practicable, the public officer or person responsible for the public office’s public records shall verbally or in writing within five business days after receiving the written request explain to the individual why the redaction in impracticable. O.R..C. 149.45 (D)(2)

	Request to Redact Personal Information From Internet Records

	Under paragraph 149.45(C)(1) of the Ohio Revised Code, an individual may request that a public office or a person responsible for a public office’s public records redact specified types of personal information of that individual from any record made available to the general public on the internet. An individual who makes a request for redaction “shall…provide any information that identifies the location of that personal information within a document that contains that personal information.” O.R.C. 149.45(C)(1) If redaction is not practicable, the public officer or person responsible for the public office’s public records shall verbally or in writing within five business days after receiving the written request explain to the individual why the redaction is impracticable. O.R.C. 149.45 (C)(3)

	Acknowledgments

	Company logos or graphics that appear on this site do not constitute an endorsement of a particular product or corporation. They appear only to identify non-governmental entities as the source of work, material, equipment or services for a project.
Last Modified: 5/13/2013 3:00:59 PM


