Privacy and copyrightPrivacy Policy
Thank you for visiting ISO.org. The International Organization for Standardization is committed to protecting the privacy of its members, customers, and other contacts. Any information you choose to provide on the Web site will only be used to provide or improve the services we offer.
Acceptance
By browsing this Web site, communicating electronically with us and/or submitting your personal data to this Web site, you acknowledge and agree to to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to the processing of personal data by ISO as described below.
Personal information
We will collect personal information about you only with your consent - for example, when you:

use the ISO Store for purchasing International Standards or related publications,
subscribe to our magazine, ISOfocus,
request specific information or products.

Personally identifying information that you provide by e-mails or Web forms will be used only for such purposes as are described at the point of collection, such as to send information or products to you, to update your membership record, or to respond to your questions or comments.
We will use such personally identifiable data only for business purposes within the International Organization for Standardization, which includes communication with ISO member bodies. We do not share personally identifiable data collected at this site with third parties except in the following cases:

We may transfer your personal data to our partner agencies (service providers) which assist us in administering ISO.org. These partner agencies are bound by a contractual agreement to keep your data private and secure.
We may disclose personal data if we are required to do so by law or if such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to respond to any claims, or to protect the rights of ISO, its customers and the public.

From time to time, we may ask our site visitors to answer survey questions. Surveys generally deal with the site, our products or categories of products and they will not request any personally identifiable data.
Information collected and stored automatically
ISO uses software to monitor ISO.org and IT applications for operational purposes. We use Google Analytics to help us understand how you engage with our web sites and IT applications so that we can improve them. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and allows us to look at trends without identifying individual users. Nevertheless, if you want to opt-out of Google Analytics you can install a plug in to your browser. We use cookies that are essential to operation of our services or to provide you with a better experience e.g. by remembering a language preference. We do not use them for advertising or other commercial purposes.
Links to Other Sites
ISO.org contains links to other sites. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of those sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own privacy policies. ISO is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy policies of any other sites which you visit, including sites linked from ISO.org.
Revisions
ISO reserves the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post the changes on the site to ensure transparency of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Accessing, Deleting or Correcting Data
You can consult, revise and correct the personal data that you have provided to the ISO Store via www.iso.org/myaccount.
Alternatively, you can send an e-mail to the ISO.org Webmaster.
Referrals
Some ISO Web areas may provide you with the opportunity to e-mail a Web page to another person. For this feature to work, we may need to collect your e-mail address and/or the e-mail addresses of those to whom you send the Web page. The e-mail addresses collected in this context are not used for any purpose other than to send your request. According to applicable law, they are deleted as soon as your request is fulfilled.
Governing Law
Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy shall be governed exclusively by Swiss law with the exclusion of its choice of laws provisions. Exclusive place of jurisdiction shall be Geneva, Switzerland

Copyright
All content on ISO Online is copyright protected. The copyright is owned by ISO. Any use of the content, including copying of it in whole or in part, for example to another Internet site, is prohibited and would require written permission from ISO.
All ISO publications are also protected by copyright. The copyright ownership of ISO is clearly indicated on every ISO publication. Any unauthorized use such as copying, scanning or distribution is prohibited.
Requests for permission should be addressed to the ISO Central Secretariat or directly through the ISO member in your country.
 
More information

