
Personal information
This website does not collect personal information unless you provide this information to us voluntarily (e.g., by subscribing to the newsletter). The information you provide will be used only for the stated purposes (e.g., to send the newsletter). No further use or disclosure of this information to third parties will take place.
Cookies
When you visit this website, information ("cookies") that allows the website to recognize you during later visits is stored on your computer. This allows the website to be adjusted optimally to your interests. If you do not consent to the storage of cookies on your computer, please deactivate the use of cookies in your browser settings. Please note, however, that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is generally transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the United States. In case of activation of IP anonymization on this website, Google will, however, truncate your IP address beforehand within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing the website operator with other services relating to website and Internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser; however, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).
For further information on terms of use and data protection/privacy, please see http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html or https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics has been supplemented by the code "gat._anonymizeIp();" in order to ensure anonymized collection of IP addresses ("IP masking").
Social Plugins
This website uses plug-ins/functions of the social networks Facebook, Twitter and Google+. For data protection/privacy reasons, these are deactivated by default and must be explicitly activated by you during your use hereof. Before activating these plug-ins, please note the following information regarding the individual providers:
Facebook
This website uses social plug-ins of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. After the plug-in is activated, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Facebook server. When this happens, Facebook is informed that you, with your IP address, have visited our site. If you click on the Facebook "Like" button while you are logged in to your Facebook account, you can link the content of our pages to your Facebook profile. This lets Facebook associate visiting our pages with your user account. Please note that we as the provider of the pages are not notified of the content of the data transmitted or of the use thereof by Facebook. For more information on this, please see the Facebook data protection/privacy statement at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy. If you do not wish Facebook to be able to associate visiting our pages with your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.
Twitter
Our pages incorporate functions of the service Twitter. These functions are offered by Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you use Twitter and the "Re-Tweet" function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and disclosed to other users. In the process, data are transmitted to Twitter, as well. Please note that we, as the provider of the pages, are not notified of the content of the data transmitted or of the use thereof by Twitter. For more information concerning this topic, please see the Twitter data protection/privacy statement at http://twitter.com/privacy. You can change your privacy settings on Twitter by accessing your account settings.  Google+
The +1 button lets you publish information worldwide. Via the Google +1 button, you and other users receive personalized content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the information that you entered for a piece of content +1 as well as information concerning the page you were visiting when you clicked on +1. Your +1's can be shown as tips together with your profile name and photo in Google services, such as search results or your Google profile, or in other places on websites and in ads on the Internet.
Google records information on your +1 activities to improve Google services for you and others. To be able to use the Google +1 button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used in all Google services. In some cases, this name can also replace another name that you have used when sharing content via your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be displayed to users who know your e-mail address or have other identifying information about you. In addition to the above-described uses, the information you provide is used in accordance with the applicable Google data protection/privacy policies. Google may publish aggregate statistics regarding the +1 activities of users or disclose these to users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers or associated websites.
