
Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is very important to voestalpine AG, voestalpine-Strasse 1, A-4020 Linz (hereinafter “we” and “us”) and its subsidiaries (together “voestalpine”). voestalpine observes the applicable legal regulations for the protection, proper handling, and confidentiality of personal data, especially the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG), the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Austrian Telecommunications Act (TKG).
This data protection policy explains the nature, scope, and purpose of us collecting and using your personal data when you visit and use our website www.voestalpine.com (Corporate Website).
There is also a separate general data protection policy for business partners of voestalpine.
Personal data
Personal data is any information relating to the data subject (natural person), who can be identified, directly or indirectly (e.g. name, e-mail address, or IP address).
Contact
When you contact us by e-mail, phone, or fax, we will process the personal data you submit (e-mail, name, phone number, fax number, your inquiry, associated documents) for the purpose of handling your inquiry.
Newsletter
You have the option of subscribing to our newsletter via our website. For this, we need your salutation, your name, your e-mail address, and your consent that you agree to receive the newsletter and to the processing of your personal data.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies that allow the website to recognize your browser when you visit the website again. Cookies are small text files that the browser stores on your device. This allows the website to be optimally adapted to your interests. If you do not want cookies to be stored on your computer, you can set up your browser to inform you when cookies are set so that you can decide whether to allow them on a case-by-case basis. You can also deactivate use of cookies in your browser. Please note that in this case, you will not be able to use all of the website functions to their full extent.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a Google Inc. (Google) web analysis service. Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files stored on your computer to be able to analyze your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. We only use Google Analytics with activated IP address anonymization. This means that within the member states of the European Union or in other states parties to the agreement within the European Economic Area, Google truncates your IP address before it is transferred. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. On behalf of the website operator, Google will use this information to evaluate your website use and compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator other services related to website use and Internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser during Google analytics will not be combined with other Google data. You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, but note that in this case, you will not be able to use all of the website functions to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting and processing the data generated by the cookie based on your website use (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link http://bit.ly/14dUJXe. For more information on the terms of service and data protection, see http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=us.
Legal basis, storage periods
Data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6(1)(a) (consent) and/or (f) (legitimate interest) GDPR.
The processed personal data is used for statistical analysis and for the purpose of operating, safeguarding, and optimizing the website (legitimate interest). Any other use of your personal data (e.g. sending of newsletters) only takes place with your consent.
Unless explicitly indicated otherwise at the time of the collection of your personal data (e.g. in a declaration of consent), your personal data will be erased (or anonymized) if the retention of the personal data is no longer necessary to fulfill the purposes for which they were collected and if no statutory retention obligations (such as tax or commercial law) require us to further retain the data.
Transfer and disclosure of personal data
Without your consent, we will not transfer your personal data collected based on your website use to third parties unless it is required to perform our duties or required by law/authorities.
voestalpine engages processors (service providers) to process personal data (within the scope of an IT support contract, for example). These processors are contractually bound to comply with the applicable data protection regulations.
Your rights, contact details
Generally, you have the right of access, the right to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, data portability, and the right to object. If processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Finally, you are entitled to file a complaint with a supervisory authority.
For any questions related to data privacy and asserting the rights listed above, please contact the voestalpine data protection organization at group-dataprotection@voestalpine.com.
This data protection policy will be revised from time to time.
