Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is very important to voestalpine AG, voestalpine-Straße 1, A-4020 Linz (hereinafter “we” and “us”) and its subsidiaries. We observe the applicable legal regulations for the protection, proper handling, and confidentiality of personal data, especially the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG), the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Austrian Telecommunications Act (TKG).
This data protection policy explains the nature, scope, and purpose of us collecting and using your personal data when you visit and use our website www.voestalpine.com (website).
There is also a separate
Who is responsible for data processing and whom can you contact?
The controller (within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation) for the processing of your personal data in connection with the use of this Internet website is voestalpine AG.
You can reach us as follows:
voestalpine AG voestalpine-Strasse 1,  A-4020 Linz Email: group-dataprotection@voestalpine.com
Personal data
Personal data is any information relating to the data subject (natural person), who can be identified, directly or indirectly (e.g. name, email address, or IP address).
You can visit our website without providing personal information. When you visit and use our website, we may process the following data:

Usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in the content, access times, geotags);
Meta/communications data (e.g. equipment information, IP addresses (anonymized));
An anonymous cookie ID which does not make it possible to infer your IP address.

Contact
When you contact us by email, phone, or fax, we will process the personal data you submit (email, name, phone number, fax number, your inquiry as well as all associated documents) for the purpose of handling your inquiry.
Newsletter
You have the option of subscribing to our newsletter via our website. For this, we need your salutation, your name, your email address, your role, your areas of interest and your consent that you agree to receive the newsletter and to the processing of your personal data. These data are used by us exclusively for the purpose of providing this service within the scope of your given consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
Cookies
Our website uses cookies that allow the website to recognize your browser when you visit the website again. Cookies are small text files that the browser stores on your device. This allows the website to be optimally adapted to your interests. If you do not want cookies to be stored on your computer, you can set up your browser to inform you when cookies are set so that you can decide whether to allow them on a case-by-case basis. You can also deactivate use of cookies in your browser. Please note that in this case, you may not be able to use all of the website functions to their full extent.
In addition, you can switch web-tracking on and off at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu for the providers listed there.
Google Analytics (with the anonymization function)
This website uses Google Analytics (with the anonymization function), a web analysis service of Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service. Web analysis is the acquisition, collection, and evaluation of data regarding the behavior of visitors to Internet websites. For example, a web analysis service collects data on the website from which a data subject came to another website (the so-called referrer), which subpages of the website were accessed or how often and for what length of time a subpage was viewed. Web analysis is primarily used to optimize a website and for a cost/benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
We use the suffix “_gat._anonymizeIp” for web analysis by Google Analytics. The IP address of the data subject’s Internet connection is truncated and anonymized by Google using this suffix when our Internet websites are accessed from a Member State of the European Union or some other signatory state of the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze visitor streams to our Internet site. Google uses the data and information obtained, among other things, to evaluate the use of our Internet site in order to compile online reports for us, showing the activity on our Internet sites, and to provide additional services in connection with the use of our Internet sites.
Google Analytics places a cookie in the data subject’s information technology system. Cookies have already been explained above. Placing the cookie enables Google to analyze the use of our Internet site. When one of the pages of this Internet site – which is operated by us and into which a Google Analytics component has been integrated – is accessed, the respective Google Analytics component automatically causes the Internet browser in the data subject’s information technology system to send data to Google for the purpose of online analysis.
As described above, the data subject can prevent the placement of cookies by our Internet site at any time by making the appropriate setting on the Internet browser being used and thereby permanently objecting to the placement of cookies. Making such a setting on the Internet browser being used also prevents Google from placing a cookie in the data subject’s information technology system. Moreover, a cookie already placed by Google Analytics can be deleted at any time using the Internet browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject can object to and prevent the collection of data related to the use of this Internet site, which is generated by Google Analytics, and the processing of this data by Google. To do so, the data subject must download and install a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. This browser add-on uses JavaScript to inform Google Analytics that no data and information regarding visits to Internet sites may be sent to Google Analytics. Google considers the installation of the browser add-on to be an objection. If the data subject’s information technology system is later deleted, reformatted, or reinstalled, the data subject must reinstall the browser add-on to deactivate Google Analytics. If the browser add-on is deinstalled or deactivated by the data subject or some other person within the latter’s area of control, it is possible to reinstall or reactivate the browser add-on.
Additional information and Google’s applicable privacy policy are available at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=deand https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is explained in greater detail under this link https://marketingplatform.google.com/intl/en_ALL/about/analytics/.
Google Maps
In addition, we use Google Maps on our corporate website. Google Maps is also a service of Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4,.
The use of Google Maps is subject to special Terms of Use and Transactions, which can be found here: https://policies.google.com/terms and https://www.google.com/intl/en_en/help/terms_maps/
Youtube
In addition, we use Youtube to embed videos in our website. This is a service of Youtube LLC, a subsidiary of Google Irland Limited.
The use of Youtube is subject to special Terms of Use, which can be found here:https://www.youtube.com/t/terms.
Facebook pages
The Facebook pages facebook.com/voestalpine, facebook.com/voestalpinecareer are operated by voestalpine AG, voestalpine-Strasse 1, A-4020 Linz.
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) ruled that the operator of a Facebook page is jointly responsible with Facebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland) for the processing of personal data within the meaning of Article 26 GDPR.
Facebook is generally responsible for the processing of personal user data on Facebook’s web pages. Please note that Facebook can also process the data of visitors who are not registered with or logged in to Facebook. Information regarding the processing of personal data by Facebook can be found in Facebook’s privacy notices.
We, as the operator of the aforementioned Facebook pages, can only see your public profile on Facebook. You decide what information is visible there by using the settings for your Facebook profile. In addition, we process the personal data that you make available to us when you contact us via our Facebook page (such as your name and the content of your messages). In this case, we process this data for the purpose of processing your inquiry.
Facebook sends us anonymous statistics regarding the use of our Facebook pages (page insights data). This data is collected with the aid of so-called cookies. We wish to explicitly point out that Facebook only provides us with the page insights data it collects with the aid of cookies in anonymized form.
These anonymous statistics include but are not limited to the following information: total number of page views, information about “Likes,” page view activities, followers, range, impressions, and demography.
Facebook has made a commitment to us that they will assume primary responsibility under the GDPR for the processing of insights data, meet all obligations under the GDPR with respect to the processing of insights data, and provide you with the main points of the agreement between the joint controllers in this regard.
For requests to exercise your rights as data subject (see below) or to withdraw your consent in connection with visits to our Facebook pages, please use the forms linked to Facebook’s privacy information regarding page insights data (https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data) or send any letters to Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland.
Legal basis, storage periods
Data is processed on the basis of Article 6(1) (f) (legitimate interest) and/or (1) (a) GDPR.
The processed personal data is used for statistical analysis and for the purpose of operating, safeguarding, and optimizing the website and to make our articles and activities more attractive to the user (legitimate interest). Any other use of your personal data (e.g. sending of newsletters) only takes place with your consent.
Unless explicitly indicated otherwise at the time of the collection of your personal data (e.g. in a declaration of consent), your personal data will be erased (or anonymized) if the retention of the personal data is no longer necessary to fulfill the purposes for which they were collected and if no statutory retention obligations (such as tax or commercial law) require us to further retain the data.
Transfer and disclosure of personal data
Without your consent, we will not transfer your personal data collected based on your website use to third parties unless it is required to perform our duties or required by law/authorities.
We engage processors (service providers) to process personal data (e.g. within the scope of an IT support contract). These processors are contractually bound to comply with the applicable data protection regulations.
Your rights, contact details
Generally, you have the right of access, the right to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, data portability, and the right to object. If processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Finally, you are entitled to file a complaint with a supervisory authority.
For any questions related to data privacy and asserting the rights listed above, please contact the data protection organization of voestalpine AG at group-dataprotection@voestalpine.com or voestalpine AG, Department Legal, M&A and Compliance, voestalpine-Strasse 1, A-4020 Linz.
This data protection policy will be revised from time to time.