Privacy Policy (EN)Master Foto takes your privacy seriously and is committed to protecting it. This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please take the time to review this policy so that you understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.Information we may collect from youWe may collect the following data about you:Information provided by you by filling in forms on our site.If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.Details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access.IP addresses and cookiesWe may collect information about your computer, including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data analysed for browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.For the same purposes, Master Foto may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer's hard drive by websites you visit. Cookies used on our website include those cookies which are strictly necessary for access and navigation, cookies that track usage (performance cookies), remember your choices (functionality cookies), and cookies that provide you with targeted content or advertising.Cookies help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. This gives us opportunity:To analyse the use of the website.To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to personalise the website for you, including targeting advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.To speed up your searches.To recognise you when you return to our site.To ensure we maintain your confidentiality and security as you move through secure or password protected areas of our websites.Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on the website.Blocking cookiesMost browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector;in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", and un-checking "Accept cookies from sites" in the "Privacy" box.in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking "Options", "Under the hood", Content Settings in the "Privacy" section. Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.in Safari you can block cookies by clicking “Preferences”, selecting the “Privacy” tab and “Block cookies”.Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on the website (log on, access content, add items to a shopping cart, use search functions, etc.).Deleting cookiesYou can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files;in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you "clear private data" (this setting can be changed by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Settings" in the "Private Data" box) and then clicking "Clear private data" in the "Tools" menu.in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking "Options", "Under the hood", Content Settings in the "Privacy" section. Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.in Safari you can delete cookies by clicking “Preferences”, selecting the “Privacy” tab and “Remove All Website Data”.If you delete cookies, any websites that you were logged into or set preferences for will not recognize you. You will need to log in again and reset all of your preferences – by doing that, new cookies will be created.Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files saved on your computer, to help the website analyze how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If this website anonymizes IP addresses, your IP address will be truncated by Google within a EU member state or other EEA state before being transmitted to the US. Only in exceptional situations will your full IP address be transmitted to Google servers in the United States and truncated there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can also prevent Google from collecting information (including your IP address) via cookies and processing this information by downloading this browser plugin and installing it: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutFurther information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at the Google Analytics Terms of Service or at the Google Analytics Privacy Overview. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics is supplemented by "gat._anonymizeIp();" to ensure anonymized collection of IP addresses (IP masking).Where we store your personal dataData collected from you may be transferred to, and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. Master Foto will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password enabling you to access certain parts of our site, it is your responsibility to keep this password confidential. Please do not to share a password with anyone.Uses made of the informationWe use the information collected:To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.To notify you about changes to our service, we may contact you by email, post or telephone.Additionally, we may use your personal data [in an anonymous form] to analyse our customer profiles and for statistical purposes. We may share this anonymised statistical information with third parties as a part of market research procedures. Master Foto assures that it will not rent out or sell any customer lists to any other organisation.Disclosure of your informationWe may disclose your personal information to third parties:If Master Foto or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by Master Foto about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.If we are under a duty to disclose your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Master Foto, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Changes to our Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy may be amended from time to time and amendments published on our websites.ContactQuestions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to us at info@masterfoto.lv or at:Master Foto Ltd.F. Sadovņikova iela 39,Riga, LV-1003,LATVIA