




Privacy Policy
as of September 15th, 2017
Our new Policies will take effect on September 15th. Scroll below to view our current policies until that date




Privacy and security are of utmost importance to Mailjet and we strive to ensure that our technical and organisational measures in place respect your data protection rights.
This Privacy Policy describes how we manage, process and store personal data submitted in the context of providing our services. “Personal data” refers to any information relating to an identifiable individual or his or her personal identity.
Consent
In subscribing to our services or filling in a contact form on our website (www.mailjet.com) or other sites owned by Mailjet, you agree and accept that we may gather, process, store and/or use the personal data submitted in accordance with the rules set forth below.
By giving your consent to us, you also retain the right to have your personal data rectified, to be forgotten and/or to be erased.
Personal Data Collected

    Identity and contact details of the data processor

Personal data is collected on our website by Mailjet SAS, a company registered under the laws of France under number 524 536 992 with the Paris Trade & Companies Register, and having its registered office at 13-13 bis, rue de l’Aubrac 75012 Paris, France.

    Data Protection Authority Declarations

Declarations on the automated processing of data have been registered with the French data protection authority (CNIL) under numbers 1527459 and 1527474.
You retain the right to lodge any complaints on data protection with this supervisory authority.

    Data collected on the site

When you subscribe to our services, the following data is collected and managed: email, title, first name, last name, country, Intracommunity VAT number where applicable, login & password, postal address, telephone number, IP address(es) and domain name. By using our services, the following data is collected and managed: log-on data and browsing data where you authorise it, order history, complaints, incidents, information on subscriptions and messages on our site. Some data is collected automatically by reason of your activity on the site (see paragraph on cookies below).
The data submitted should not include any sensitive personal data, such as Government identifiers (i.e. social security, driving licence, or taxpayer identification numbers), complete credit card or complete personal bank card numbers, medical records or particulars connected with applications for care or treatment associated with private individuals.

    Purposes of processing and legal basis

The principal purpose of collecting your personal data is to offer you a safe, optimum, efficient and personalised experience. To this end, you agree and accept that we may use your personal data to:

   provide our services and facilitate performance, including verifications relating to you;
   resolve any problems so as to improve the use of our site and services;
   personalise, assess, and improve our services, content and materials;
   analyse the volume and history of your use of our services;
   inform you about our services as well as our partners’ services and/or promotional offers;
   prevent, detect and investigate any activities that are potentially prohibited, unlawful or contrary to good practice and ensure compliance with our terms of use and sending policy;
   comply with legal and regulatory obligations.

We use the personal data submitted to us only in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation. Our employees and third party providers are under an obligation to respect data privacy.

    Newsletter and marketing emails

An unsubscribe link should be included in every newsletter and marketing email sent by you. 
For those of you that have expressly opted in to receive our Mailjet newsletter, you are easily able to unsubscribe by following the “unsubscribe” links included in every email.

    Email tracking

Without systematically doing so, we may analyse and track the click rates and the number of emails sent which you open to assess performance rates on your emailing campaigns.

    Testimonials

Mailjet publishes a list of Customers & Testimonials on its site with information on our customers’ names and job titles. Mailjet undertakes to obtain the authorisation of every customer before publishing any testimonial on its website.

    Third party disclosures

Personal data relating to you collected on our website are destined for Mailjet’s own use and may be forwarded to Mailjet’s partner companies so that we may obtain assistance and support in the context of carrying out our services. Mailjet ensures that it has in place clear data protection requirements for all of its third party providers.
Mailjet does not sell or rent your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes whatsoever.
In addition, Mailjet does not disclose your personal data to third parties, except if: (1) you (or your account administrator acting on your behalf) requests or authorises disclosure thereof; (2) the disclosure is required to process transactions or supply services which you have requested (i.e. to check you are employing best practice in your mailings or for the purposes of processing an acquisition card with credit-card issuing companies); (3) Mailjet is compelled to do so by a government authority or a regulatory body, in the case of a court order, a summons to appear in court or any other similar requisition from a government or the judiciary, or to establish or defend a legal application; or, (4) the third party is a subcontractor of Mailjet in the carrying out of services (for example: Mailjet uses the services of an Internet provider or a telecommunications company).

    Your data protection rights

In accordance with the French Data Protection Law of 6 January 1978 as amended, and the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) you have a right of access, correction and removal of your personal data which you may exercise by sending us a support ticket at https://www.mailjet.com/support/ticket.Your requests will be processed within 30 days. We may require that your request be accompanied by a photocopy of proof of identity or authority.
You are also able at any time to modify personal data by logging into your account and clicking on “edit my profile”.

 Cookies/Tracking

As a general rule, Mailjet uses cookies to improve and personalise its Website and/or measure its audience. Cookies are files saved on your computer’s hard drive when browsing on the Internet and in particular on our site. A cookie is not used to gather your personal data without your knowledge but instead to record information on site browsing which can be read directly by Mailjet on your subsequent visits and searches on the site.
If can choose to decline acceptance of all cookies, but your ability to browse certain pages of the site may be reduced. The cookies used by Mailjet are intended to enable or facilitate communication, to enable the services requested by users to be supplied, to recognise users when they re-visit the site, to secure payments which users may make, to register the language spoken by users or other preferences necessary for the service requested to be supplied and to enable Mailjet, internally, to carry out analyses on hit rates and browsing experience so as to improve content, to track email opening rates, click rates and bounce-back rates at individual levels.
By default, cookies are not installed automatically (with the exception of those cookies needed to run the site and Mailjet’s services, and you are informed of their installation by a banner). In accordance with the regulations that apply, Mailjet will require your authorisation before implanting any other kind of cookie on your hard drive. To avoid being bothered by these routine requests for authorisation and to enjoy uninterrupted browsing, you can configure your computer to accept Mailjet cookies or we are able to remember your refusal or acceptance of certain cookies. By default, browsers accept all cookies.
When you access third party sites on our Website, or when you are reading integration or social media links, cookies can be created by the companies disseminating these links. These third parties may be able to use cookies in the context of Mailjet’s services (partners or other third parties supplying content or services available on the Mailjet site) and are responsible for the cookies they install and it is their conditions on cookies which apply. Mailjet assumes no liability in regard to the possible use of cookies by third parties. For more information, you are advised to check the cookie policy directly on these third party sites with regard to their use of cookies.
THIRD PARTY DATA
In the context of using our services, namely creating emailing campaigns and contact lists, Mailjet has access to the information contained in the email contact lists you create in your account, as well as the subject and content of the emails that you send out via our services.
This data is stored on secure servers and only a limited number of people are authorised to access your contact lists, in particular for the purpose of providing support services.
You are easily able to recover your contact lists from your Mailjet account at any time, by clicking on the “export” button. You may also modify and or delete contacts at any time from your account.
In no case does Mailjet sell, share or rent out your contact lists to third parties, nor does it use them for any purposes other than those set forth in this policy. We will use the information from your contact lists only for legal requirements, to invoice and collect summaries for our own statistics and for the purposes of providing you with customer support services.
As creator of the contact lists and associated email campaigns, you are considered the data controller within the meaning of the GDPR, and Mailjet is acting only as a data processor. In this capacity, you are responsible in particular for:

making all the declarations necessary to the relative data protection authority 
complying with all current regulations in force
obtaining the explicit consent of the persons concerned when collecting their personal data,
ensuring your authority to use the personal data collected in accordance with the defined end purposes and refraining from any unauthorised use.

If a recipient of your emails sent via our services requests us to modify or delete his/her personal data, we will honor that request after proper verification and will inform you of it.
DATA RETENTION PERIODS
Mailjet collects your personal data for the requirements of carrying out its contractual obligations as well as information about how and when you use our services and we retain this data in active databases, log files or other types of files so long as you use our services, and in accordance with the current regulations in force.
Mailjet in no way undertakes to store all your data indefinitely. You are able to access some data so long as you hold an active account with us and for a period that varies depending on the type of data concerned and the subscribed plan (statistics on your account, content of your emails, contact lists, etc.), but, in no event no longer than 13 months after closing of your account. The data may be deleted at any time during active use of your account in accordance with the provisions set forth above.
LOCATION OF DATA STORAGE AND TRANSFERS
The host servers on which Mailjet processes and stores its databases are located exclusively within the European Union (in France and in Belgium). Mailjet undertakes not to transfer any data outside the European Economic Area.
Mailjet will inform you immediately, to the extent we are legally authorised to do so, in case of any application or order originating from an administrative or judicial authority relating to your personal data.
SECURITY
Within the framework of its services, Mailjet attributes the very highest importance to the security and integrity of its customers’ personal data.
Thus and in accordance with the GDPR, Mailjet undertakes to take all pertinent precautions in order to preserve the security of the data and, in particular, to protect them against any accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, corruption, unauthorised circulation or access, as well as against any other form of unlawful processing or disclosure to unauthorised persons.
To this end, Mailjet implements industry standard security measures to protect personal data from unauthorised disclosure. In using industry recommended methods of encoding, Mailjet takes the measures necessary to protect information connected with payments and credit cards.
Moreover, in order to avoid in particular all unauthorised access, to guarantee accuracy and the proper use of the data, Mailjet has put the appropriate electronic, physical and managerial procedures in place with a view to safeguarding and preserving the data gathered through its services. 
Nothwithstanding this, there is no absolute safety from piracy or hackers. That is why in the event a breach of security were to affect you, Mailjet undertakes to inform you thereof without undue delay and to use its best efforts to take all possible measures to neutralise the intrusion and minimise the impacts. Should you suffer any loss by reason of the exploitation by a third party of a security breach, Mailjet undertakes to provide you with every assistance necessary so you are able to assert your rights. Moreover if, by some exceptional case, the direct loss incurred arose due to fault or gross negligence by Mailjet, you will be able to seek compensation within the limit of liability referred to in our General Terms of Use.
You should keep in mind that any user, customer or hacker who discovers and takes advantage of a breach in security renders him or herself liable to criminal prosecution and that Mailjet will take all measures, including filing a complaint and/or bringing court action, to preserve the data and the rights of its users and of itself and to limit the impacts.
Account Passwords. In adopting the CNIL recommendations on the level of security of passwords, your account password must contain at least 8 characters, 1 letter, 1 number and 1 special character.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Mailjet reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time, in particular pursuant to any changes made to the laws and regulations in force. Any modifications made will be notified to you via our Website or by email, to the extent possible, thirty (30) days at least before any changes come into force. We would recommend that you check these rules from time to time to stay informed of our procedures and rules relating to your personal information.
CONTACT US
Visit our contact page at https://www.mailjet.com/contact if you have questions or you can email Mailjet’s Data Protection Officer directly at: privacy@mailjet.com or by mail to: Mailjet SAS, Attn: Data Protection Officer / Legal Department, 13-13bis, rue de l’Aubrac – 75012 Paris, France.

 




Privacy Policy
as of October 15th, 2016
CURRENT VERSION IN EFFECT UNTIL SEPTEMBER 15th



 
Privacy matters to Mailjet and we strive to ensure that our security measures on personal data respect and protect your privacy and also that we are in strict compliance with the data privacy laws in effect.
This Privacy Policy describes our rules on managing, processing and storing personal data submitted in the context of our services.
The term “personal data” refers to information associated with the name of an individual or his or her personal identity as opposed to information associated with a commercial entity or business.
Consent
In submitting your personal data to the Mailjet’s Website (www.mailjet.com), you agree and accept that Mailjet may gather and/or process, store and use these data in accordance with the rules set forth below. 
 


Personal data collected directly from www.mailjet.com


 
Identity of the data controller
Personal data are collected on our website by Mailjet SAS, a company with capital of 69,277.44 Euros registered under number 524 536 992 on the Paris Trade & Companies Register, and having its registered office at 13-13 bis, rue de l’Aubrac 75012 Paris.
CNIL (Data Protection Authority) Declaration
Declarations on the automated processing of data have been registered with the French data protection authority (CNIL) under numbers 1527459 and 1527474, and are updated periodically as needed.
Data collected on the site
Mailjet collects and processes the following data: email, title, first name, last name, country, Intracommunity VAT number where applicable, password, postal address, telephone number, IP address(es) and domain name, log-on data and browsing data where you authorise it, order history, complaints, incidents, information on subscriptions and correspondence on our site. Some data are collected automatically by reason of your activity on the site (see paragraph on cookies below).
The mandatory nature of the data (so we can complete your registration and deliver you our services) is marked with an asterisk on the registration form on our Website. 
The data submitted via Mailjet’s Website and/or via Mailjet’s services should not include any sensitive personal data, such as Government identifiers (i.e. social security, driving licence, or taxpayer identification numbers), credit card or personal bank card numbers, medical records or particulars connected with applications for care or treatment associated with private individuals.
Recipients of your data
Personal data relating to you collected on the Website are destined for Mailjet’s own use. They may be forwarded to Mailjet’s partner companies so that Mailjet may obtain assistance in the context of carrying out its services.
Mailjet does not sell or rent your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes whatsoever.
In addition, Mailjet does not disclose your personal data to third parties, except if: (1) you (or your account administrator acting on your behalf) requests or authorises disclosure thereof; (2) the disclosure is required to process transactions or supply services which you have requested (i.e. to check you are employing best practice in your mailings or for the purposes of processing an acquisition card with credit-card issuing companies); (3) Mailjet is compelled to do so by a government authority or a regulatory body, in the case of a court order, a summons to appear in court or any other similar requisition from a government or the judiciary, or to establish or defend a legal application; or, (4) the third party is acting as an agent or subcontractor of Mailjet in the carrying out of services (for example: Mailjet uses the services of a telecommunications company).
Purposes
The principal purpose of collecting your personal data is to offer you a safe, optimum, efficient and personalised experience. To this end, you agree and accept that we may use your personal data to:
– provide our services and facilitate running the same, including performing verifications relating to you;
– resolve any problems or disputes so as to improve the use of our site and our services;
– personalise, assess, and improve our services, content and materials;
– analyse the volume and history of your use of our services;
– inform you about our services and those of our partner companies by marketing (newsletters in particular) and/or promotional offers, with your express consent;
– prevent, detect and investigate any activities that are potentially prohibited, unlawful or contrary to good practice and ensure application of our general terms of use;
– comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Newsletter and marketing emails
You are able to unsubscribe from newsletters and marketing emails by following the “unsubscribe” links included in every email we send. You can also contact us directly at: privacy@mailjet.com.
Email tracking
Without systematically doing so, we may analyse and track the click rates and the number of emails we send you which you open to assess performance rates on our customers’ emailing campaigns.
Testimonials
Mailjet publishes a list of Customers & Testimonials on its site comprising information on our customers’ names, job titles and company names, as the case may be. Mailjet undertakes to obtain the authorisation of every customer before publishing any information or testimonial on its Website.
Your rights arising from the French Data Protection Law
In accordance with the French Data Protection Law of 6 January 1978 as amended, you have a right of access, correction and removal of your personal data which you may exercise by emailing Mailjet at the following address: privacy@mailjet.com. Your requests will be processed within 30 days.
You are also able at any time to modify personal data relating to you yourself by logging onto http://www.mailjet.com and clicking on “edit my profile” or by contacting us at: privacy@mailjet.com.
In accordance with current regulations, your request must be signed, accompanied by a photocopy of proof of identity bearing your signature and specify the address to which you want the reply sent.
Cookies/Tracking
As a general rule, Mailjet uses cookies to improve and personalise its Website and/or measure its audience. Cookies are files saved on your computer’s hard drive when browsing on the Internet and in particular on the site. A cookie is not used to gather your personal data without your knowing but to record information on your browsing of the site which can be read directly by Mailjet on your subsequent visits and searches on the site.
If you choose to decline acceptance of all cookies, your ability to browse certain pages of the site may be reduced.
The cookies used by Mailjet are intended to enable or facilitate communication, to enable the services requested by users to be supplied, to recognise users when they next visit, to secure payments which users may make, to register the language spoken by users or other preferences necessary for the service requested to be supplied and to enable Mailjet, internally, to carry out analyses on the hit rate and browsing experience of its customers on its site information pages so as to improve content, to track the email opening rate, click rate and bounce-back rates at individual level.
By default, cookies are not installed automatically (with the exception of those cookies needed to run the site and Mailjet’s services, and you are informed of their installation by a banner). In accordance with the regulations that apply, Mailjet will require your authorisation before implanting any other kind of cookie on your hard drive. To avoid being bothered by these routine requests for authorisation and to enjoy uninterrupted browsing, you can configure your computer to accept Mailjet cookies or we are able to remember your refusal or acceptance of certain cookies. Please note that without some cookies, Mailjet is unable to guarantee some services. By default, browsers accept all cookies.
When you access third party sites advertising on our Website by clicking on the ad-links or banners, or when you are reading these advertisements, cookies can be created by the companies disseminating these ads. These third parties may be able to use cookies in the context of Mailjet’s services (partners, advertisers or other third parties supplying content or services available on the Mailjet site) and are responsible for the cookies they install and it is their provisions on cookies which apply. Mailjet assumes no liability in regard to the possible use of cookies by these third parties. For more information, you are advised to check the cookie policy directly on these advertiser and third party sites with regard to their use of cookies.
 


Data originating from third parties, collected and submitted by you in the context of using services supplied by Mailjet: Emailing campaigns and distribution lists


 
Mailjet has access to all the information contained in the email distribution lists you create in your account, as well as the subject and content of the emails which you send to your circulation lists via Mailjet’s services.
The data are stored on secure servers and only a limited number of people are authorised to access your distribution lists, in particular for the purpose of providing support services.
You are easily able to recover your distribution lists from your Mailjet account at any time, by clicking on the “export” button.
In no case does Mailjet sell, share or rent out your distribution lists to third parties, nor does it use them for any purposes other than those set forth herein. We will use the information from your distribution lists only for legal requirements, to invoice and collect summaries for our own statistics and for the purposes of providing you with customer support services.
If you give your express consent, the use you make of your distribution lists, the subject and content of the emails you send out to them via Mailjet’s services together with the behaviour of the recipients of these emails may be analysed and tracked particularly with regard to browsing experience, opening rates, click rates and bounce-back rates at individual level, so as to enable you (if you are signed up for a specific Mailjet service) to refine and improve your email campaigns (behavioural marketing).
You are reminded that as a creator of circulation lists and associated email campaigns, you are the data controller within the meaning of European Directive 95/46/CE, Mailjet is acting here only as a provider of services. In this capacity, you are responsible in particular for:
– making all the declarations necessary to the relative data protection authority and for complying with all current regulations in force
– obtaining the consent of the persons concerned when collecting their personal data,
– ensuring that you have the authority to use the personal data collected in accordance with the defined end purposes and refraining from any unauthorised use.
 


Data retention


 
Mailjet collects the data for the requirements of carrying out its contractual obligations and retains the same in active databases so long as you are a customer of and use the services of Mailjet (the contract binding us has not been terminated) or as the case may be, to the extent the data has surpassed 10 gigabytes in volume, and in accordance with the current regulations in force.
Nevertheless, Mailjet in no way undertakes to store these data indefinitely. You are able to access some of these data so long as you hold an active account with us and for a period that varies depending on the type of data concerned. The data may be deleted at any time in accordance with the provisions set forth above.
 


Location of data storage and transfers


 
The host servers on which Mailjet processes and stores its databases are located exclusively within the European Union.
Mailjet undertakes not to transfer any data outside the European Economic Area and/or any third party country recognised by the European Commission as having an adequate level of protection.
Finally, Mailjet undertakes to inform you immediately, to the extent we are legally authorised to do so, in case of any application or order originating from an administrative or judicial authority relating to your data.
 


Security


 
Within the framework of its services, Mailjet attributes the very highest importance to the security and integrity of its customers’ personal data.
Thus and in accordance with EU Directive 95/46/CE, Mailjet undertakes to take all pertinent precautions in order to preserve the security of the data and, in particular, to protect them against any accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, corruption, unauthorised circulation or access, as well as against any other form of unlawful processing or disclosure to unauthorised persons.
To this end, Mailjet implements industry standard security measures to protect personal data from unauthorised disclosure. In using industry recommended methods of encoding, Mailjet takes the measures necessary to protect information connected with payments and credit cards.
Moreover, in order to avoid in particular all unauthorised access, to guarantee accuracy and the proper use of the data, Mailjet has put the appropriate electronic, physical and managerial procedures in place with a view to safeguarding and preserving the data gathered through its services. In particular, these measures are as follows:
– Multilevel firewalls,
– Tried and tested anti-virus programs and unauthorised intruder attempts detection,
– Encrypted transmission of data with SSL/https/VPN technology.
Nothwithstanding this, there is no absolute safety from piracy or hackers. That is why in the event a breach of security were to affect you, Mailjet undertakes to inform you thereof as soon as possible and to use its best efforts to take all possible measures to neutralise the intrusion and minimise the impacts thereof. Should you suffer any loss by reason of the exploitation by a third party of a security breach, Mailjet undertakes to provide you with every assistance necessary so you are able to assert your rights and obtain reparation. Moreover if, by some exceptional case, the loss incurred arose in part due to a fault or serious negligence on the part of Mailjet, you will be able to seek compensation from Mailjet within the limit of liability referred to in Mailjet’s General Terms and Conditions of Use.
You should keep in mind that any user, customer or hacker who discovers and takes advantage of a breach in security renders him- or herself liable to criminal prosecution and that Mailjet will take all measures, including laying a complaint and/or bringing a court action, to preserve the data and rights of its users and of itself and to limit the impact thereof to the maximum.
Generally, if you have any questions on the security of our Website, do not hesitate to contact us at privacy@mailjet.com.
 


Change to our Privacy Policy


 
Mailjet reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy, in particular pursuant to any changes made to the laws and regulations in force. Any modifications made will be notified to you via our Website or by email, to the extent possible, thirty (30) days at least before any changes come into force. We would recommend that you check these rules from time to time to stay informed of our procedures and rules relating to Personal Information.
 


Contact us


 
Any query relating to this Privacy Policy should be made to Mailjet directly by email to: privacy@mailjet.com or by letter to:
Mailjet SAS
Attn : Privacy Policy
13-13bis, rue de l’Aubrac
75012 Paris
France

