
Thank
you for your interest in Mercy For Animals. Your privacy is important
to us. Please read below for details regarding how we utilize the
information you provide to us.
Please
note that this policy applies only to websites and publications
maintained by MFA and does not apply to external sites or affiliated
organizations and companies. Please refer to the privacy policies of
the respective organizations and companies for more information.
How
does MFA collect my information?
There
are various places on our websites and other publications (both
online and print) where you are able to enter personal information.
Some examples include:
E-newsletter sign-up forms
Vegetarian Starter Guide request forms
Online store
Donation pages
Contests, surveys, and petitions
Vegetarian pledge forms
Volunteer sign-up forms
How
is this information used?
The
details you provide are used to send you updates and information
about MFA and our campaigns and programs, including events,
activities, appeals, donation opportunities, vegetarian eating tips,
and news. 

We
also use information to improve our websites and campaigns. By
collecting visitor behavior statistics, we are able to measure
interest in our various campaigns and programs, and use this
information to better serve you and make our advocacy efforts more
effective.
How
is my information protected?
MFA
uses advanced security protocols to ensure the privacy of your
information. We do not rent, trade, or sell email addresses. Any
financial information is sent via a secure server and encrypted for
your protection. MFA does not see, store, or retain credit card
numbers. Credit card information is submitted directly to
WePay.com, a third party that processes the financial
transactions.
We
work with other reputable organizations and occasionally make names
and mailing addresses of donors available to them. If you prefer that
your information not be exchanged, please email us at
info@mercyforanimals.org or call 866-632-6446.
Cookies
Like
most websites, MFA uses "cookies" to remember some details
about visitors, such as their language preferences or the contents of
their shopping carts in the online store. These are not used to store
personal information.
Unsubscribing
from our email list
If
you are currently receiving regular emails from us and wish to
unsubscribe, you may do so by clicking the "unsubscribe"
link at the bottom of the emails. Alternatively, you can
click here
and enter the email address to be unsubscribed.
Additional
questions
If
you have questions about our privacy policy, please contact us here.
  
