
Thank you for your interest in Mercy For Animals. Your privacy is important to us. Please read below for details regarding how we utilize the information you provide to us.
Please also note that this policy applies only to websites and publications maintained by MFA and not to external sites or affiliated organizations and companies. Refer to the privacy policies of the respective organizations and companies for more information.
How does MFA collect my information?
There are various places on our websites and other publications (both online and print) where you are able to enter personal information, including the following:

E-newsletter sign-up forms
Vegetarian Starter Guide request forms
Online store
Donation pages
Contests, surveys, and petitions
Vegetarian pledge forms
Volunteer sign-up forms

How is this information used?
The details you provide are used to send you updates and information about MFA and our campaigns and programs, including events, activities, appeals, donation opportunities, vegetarian eating tips, and news.
We also use information to improve our websites and campaigns. By collecting visitor behavior statistics, we are able to measure interest in our various campaigns and programs, and use this information to better serve you and make our advocacy efforts more effective.
How is my information protected?
MFA uses advanced security protocols to ensure the privacy of your information. We do not rent, trade, or sell email addresses. Any financial information is sent via a secure server and encrypted for your protection. MFA does not see, store, or retain credit card numbers. Credit card information is submitted directly to WePay.com, a third party that processes the financial transactions.
We work with other reputable organizations and occasionally make names and mailing addresses of donors available to them. If you prefer that your information not be exchanged, please email us at info@mercyforanimals.org, unsubscribe from MFA’s mailing list using the link provided below, or call 866-632-6446.
Unsubscribing from our mailing list
If you are currently receiving regular emails from us and wish to unsubscribe, you may do so by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the emails. Alternatively, you can click here and enter the email address to be unsubscribed.
Cookies
Like most websites, MFA’s uses "cookies" to remember some details about visitors, such as their language preferences or the contents of their shopping carts in the online store. These are not used to store personal information.
Additional questions
This policy may be amended from time to time. Any amendments to our privacy policy will be posted as a notification on this page.
If you have questions about our privacy policy, please contact us here.
If you would like to view or make changes to your personal information, please contact us here and an MFA representative will be happy to assist you.

