
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy statement discloses the privacy practices for ClickMeeting Service and ClickWebinar Service (hereinafter referred to as "Service", "Website“), hosted by ClickMeeting Sp.z.o.o. hereinafter referred to as "ClickMeeting".
The Service is an online service which enables Users to have video and audio conferences, collaborate on documents, deliver presentations, perform product demonstrations and securely share confidential information from anywhere, anytime.
ClickMeeting realizes that you care how your information is processed and shared, and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This document describes our Privacy Policy. By registering your details with us you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Service. Terms which are not defined in this Privacy Policy and are written in capitals shall have their meaning specified in the Terms of Service. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy the term "User" shall not only mean the "User" in accordance with the provisions of Terms of Service, but also every person visiting ClickMeeting or ClickWebinar website.
ClickMeeting undertakes to process the personal information of the Users and Participants and persons who have subscribed to ClickMeeting's newsletter in accordance with the provisions of the Polish Act on the Protection of Personal Data (Journal of Laws of 2014, item 1182; “Act") implemented in line with the Directive 95/46/EC of The European Parliament and of The Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data (Official Journal L 281 , 23/11/1995 P. 0031 - 0050).
We believe it is important to you to know how we treat the information about you which we receive during your visits to the Website. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, disclose, and safeguard the aggregate information we receive when you visit and browse the Website. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
We encourage you to take the time to read this Privacy Policy as well as those of any other sites you visit, whether through a link on that site or otherwise.
User Data Processing
ClickMeeting collects personal information from Users who visit this Site and register with our Service. ClickMeeting is a data controller with respect to the User's data. Because of the nature of our Service we must collect from Users personal information such as (at the minimum): (i) first and last name, (ii) username, (iii) an email address to be used as a login, (iv) password, (v) billing information such as billing address and credit card information where necessary, (vi) phone, (vii) country, (viii) address, city, state, zip.
We may also ask Users to provide additional personal information such as (i) company name, (ii) title, (iii) educational institution and (iv) other company and (v) personal details that the User may opt out of by not entering data when asked. ClickMeeting uses the User's registration information to authenticate Users and provide access to the Service. ClickMeeting also uses the email addresses used in the registration information to communicate with our Users. From time to time, ClickMeeting may contact the User via email to notify them of changes to its Service and scheduled maintenance.
The User agrees and acknowledges that their information collected through our websites and related Services may be transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed in any of the countries around the world in which ClickMeeting maintains offices and data centers, including the United States. As for the countries from outside of the European Economic Area, ClickMeeting shall cooperate only with entities from countries which ensure an adequate level of personal data protection. 
Information that is provided by meeting organizers such as: User name, email address and any other business contact and meeting subject contact are considered confidential to the User. When the Participant registers with one of our Users for an online transmission, that information is provided to the User. ClickMeeting may store that information to fulfill our obligations to our Users. ClickMeeting will not use the information to send marketing information for ClickMeeting services or third party offers to the Participants. The User and Participants should be aware that any personal information they submit while in-session and chatting can be read, collected or used by the User and other Participants. ClickMeeting will not view information except as necessary to appropriately support the Service.
Provision of personal data in connection with the use of the Service is voluntary. Note, however, that the refusal to provide certain data may make it impossible for the User to use all or part of the Service functionalities.
The User is obliged to update the data provided in the registration form as soon as any change in these data has occurred.
Outsourcing of Participants Personal Data Processing
ClickMeeting recognizes the importance of respecting the privacy of Participants who decided to entrust their sensitive information with the User. We make every effort to safeguard their security. ClickMeeting will never use the information about the Participants you collect within our Service to send any information other than expressly provided by you, nor will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use.
The User acknowledges and agrees that by virtue of his role as an online meeting organizer, he is a personal data base administrator or a data processor in terms of personal data of the Participants and is solely responsible to fulfill his duties pursuant to the Act.
Participant's personal data processing may be outsourced by the User to ClickMeeting only where the User is the data controller (within the meaning of Article 7 item 4 of the Act) or where the latter processes such personal data on the basis of Article 31 of the Act (as a data processor).
ClickMeeting may process Participants data within its capacity of data processor as set out in Article 31 of the Act.
Participants data processing may be outsourced as regards email address and other Participant-related information considered by the User necessary to ensure proper provision of the Service.
Further passing of the job of data processing may take place only within the limits, and for the purpose of proper provision, of the Service.
As for the countries from outside of the European Economic Area, ClickMeeting shall cooperate only with entities from countries which ensure an adequate level of personal data protection.
ClickMeeting declares that it provides security measures protecting the databases as defined in Articles 36– 39 of the Act, and meets the technical and organizational requirements specified in the provisions of Article 39a of the Act.
In case ClickMeeting does not fulfill its duties pursuant to the above provisions, the total liability of ClickMeeting, irrespective of the legal grounds of such liability, shall be limited to the direct damages sustained by the User. ClickMeeting shall not be liable for any indirect damages, subject to the intentional guilt or gross negligence of ClickMeeting. The total liability of ClickMeeting shall in no event exceed the amount of the remuneration due to ClickMeeting for the settlement period directly preceeding the settlement period in which the User raised his claim.
The User is entitled to conclude the contract on outsourcing the Participant's personal data processing with ClickMeeting. In order to do so, the User shall contact ClickMeeting via this form https://clickmeeting.com/contact. The User shall fill in the contract form with his business name, address, User's login or the Account title and the date of creating the Account within the Service (date of contract conclusion) and send two copies of signed contract to the ClickMeeting's postal address.
Erasure of Processed Data
ClickMeeting will retain User's and Participant's Data and the information regarding the User's Account for as long as needed to provide you the Service. We will retain and use the above data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
After removal of the User's Account from the Service, ClickMeeting shall store information related to the User and the Participant, as well as any statistical data concerning the Account and all information regarding the User's Account (together with all Conference data, the Content, email messages, statistics, Users and Participants' data) for a period of no less than 60 days (in the case of a free of charge Test Account) or 90 days (in the case of a payable Account). The processing of personal data by ClickMeeting after the removal may only involve holding of the same, unless performance of other operations on the data has been imposed on ClickMeeting by applicable regulations or competent authorities.
ClickMeeting will store personal data in accordance with the clause above solely for the purposes of (i) possible reactivation of the Account pursuant to Section XI. of the Terms of Service and (ii) performance of its duties as specified in the applicable regulations or as imposed by the competent authorities.
After the periods mentioned above (60 or 90 days respectively), the data will be permanently erased from the Service and their recovery will not be feasible. Participant's database may be returned to the User at its request made within 7 days of erasure of the data from the Service.
Passwords
The User's Account information, username, password and user profile are password-protected so that they have secure access to entering and editing personal data. It is the User's responsibility to protect the security of their password. Access to the Service is protected by a unique username and password that is known to the User only. ClickMeeting has designed internal security processes that encrypt the User's password to protect it from being divulged or accessed by anyone other than the User. Neither ClickMeeting employees nor any of its contractors can obtain or access to the User's password. Neither ClickMeeting employees or nor any of its contractors will ask the User for their password via mail, email, telephone or in any other unsolicited manner.
User Access and Choice
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our Service, you may correct, update, remove or request deletion by making the change on our member information page, by emailing our Customer Support at support@clickmeeting.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
We will ask for the User's consent before we use or share their information for any purpose other than the reason they provided or as otherwise provided by this Privacy Policy. In order for us to know the User's preferences, we will require an action on their part, such as checking the appropriate option, to indicate their consent.
Mailing Policy
When the User sends us an email, we use their email address to thank them for their comment and/or reply to their question, and we will store their communication and our reply for any future correspondence. Beyond our initial reply, we will never use the User's email address to send them any unsolicited message or information, nor will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use.
When the User agrees to receive marketing information about services and products of ClickMeeting or our commercial partners, we use their email address and any other information they give us to provide them with the information about services and products of ClickMeeting or our commercial partners, until they ask us to stop (using the 'unsubscribe' instructions provided with each email, and/or on the site where they signed up, and/or as we otherwise provide).
We will never use the User's email address or other information to provide them with any unsolicited messages or information (unless that is part of the service they are requesting).
Information Sharing
We do not sell or rent the User's and Participant's personal information to third parties for marketing purposes unless they have granted us permission to do so.
We may share the User's and Participant's personal information within other services of ClickMeeting for purposes of data processing or storage. We may also share the personal information with business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to provide a requested Service or transaction, including processing orders, processing credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting event and seminar registration and providing customer support. We only provide these third parties with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to complete/utilize the requested Service or transaction, and the third parties are not permitted to use the User's or Participant's personal information except for the limited purpose of completing/providing the requested Service or transaction.
We may also disclose your personal information:

as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process,
if for any reason we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.

If ClickMeeting is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Tracking Technologies
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information about visitors to our site automatically and store it in log files.
    The site use information includes, but is not limited to, the following: the domain names, operating system in use (e.g. Macintosh, Windows), browser (e.g. Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer) and version, the website which referred the User to us, and other similar information. This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on our website, pages viewed, time and date of visits, and other similar information. We may use and disclose site use information, for example, to measure the use of our website, improve the content, explain the utility of our website and services we provide, and to extend their functionality.
Similar to other commercial websites, the technology called "cookies" may be used to provide the User with tailored information. A cookie is a small piece of data that a website can send to the User's browser, which may then be stored on their hard drive, so we can recognize the user when they return. The User may be able to set their browser to notify them when they receive a cookie. Our cookies collect general information that enhances our ability to serve the User and measure the utility of our website.
A cookie cannot read personal data off a hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites; indeed, the only personal information a cookie can contain is information the User supplies him or herself. Accepting the cookies used on our website may give us access to information about the User's browsing behavior, which we may use to personalize their experience and track user traffic patterns, and to merge this info when the user registers. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our Users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information.
The User may browse most of Service's website without accepting cookies; however, some website functionality may be lost by the User disabling cookies on their computer. Information we collect may be used to enhance the use of our website, and to provide the User with a service that they ordered, arrange the website in the most customer friendly way, communicate special offers and featured items, and/or respond to any questions and suggestions.
The use of cookies by any partners, affiliates, tracking utility company or service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Web Beacons
We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a User's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our Users' personal information.
Information Security
We believe that keeping personal information secure is one of our most significant responsibilities.
We restrict access to personal information about the User and the Participants to those employees and others who need to know that information to assist us in our business, or to provide products or services to the User. We safeguard personal information, according to the established security standards and procedures, by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to the personal data information.
All of our Users' and Participants' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are personally granted access to sensitive information.
When we request Users to enter sensitive information, such as their name, geographical address, email address, and a credit card number, it is encrypted and protected with the best encryption software in the industry SSL and processed through a reputable payment processor. While on the secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon at the bottom of web browsers, e.g. Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Internet Explorer, becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked or open, when the User is just 'surfing'.
ClickMeeting stores its servers in a highly secure server environment, with surveillance and support to prevent unauthorized access and maintain data security.
We cannot guarantee the security of the User's data while it is being transmitted over the Internet and through servers that are beyond our control. We strive to protect the User's personal information but ClickMeeting cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information they transmit to our website or Services. Any data transmissions the User makes over the Internet are done so at their own risk. Once we receive the data transmission, we make our best efforts to ensure its security and privacy on our systems.
Service in-meeting information is encrypted from the beginning till the end and only accessible by the User and Participants. "In-meeting information" includes all screen sharing data and chat information. Information about scheduled meetings and meetings such as time, organizer, subject of meeting, are placed on our web site and are available to the User and logged Participants that received an invitation from the User via email or other means of communication.
Additional Information


Blog/Forum
Our Web site offers a publicly accessible blog. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@clickmeeting.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.


Public Webpage
The profile for your webpage you create on our site will be publicly accessible unless otherwise indicated. You may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal.


Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of ClickMeeting. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.


Importing Contacts
Our web site offers you the opportunity to import your contacts via a CSV file into your address book. You should be aware that any information you provide in this area is voluntary. We collect the username and password for the email account you wish to import your contacts from and will only use it for that purpose.


Testimonials
With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@clickmeeting.com.


Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and the Google 1 Button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.


Facebook Connect
You can log in to our site using Facebook Connect. This service will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.


Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact
We need the User's help in keeping the personal information they have shared with us accurate and up-to-date.
For additional inquiries about the privacy of the User's information, they can always contact ClickMeeting via email at support@clickmeeting.com or by calling 1-877-725-425-2.
ClickMeeting Sp. z o.o. 
    ul.Arkonska 6, A4 
    80-387 Gdansk, POLAND.
25/02/2016
ClickMeeting/ClickWebinar policy on cookies
Whenever you visit websites belonging to ClickMeeting Sp. z o.o. ("Websites") or use our mobile applications, ClickMeeting servers automatically collect information about the use of the Websites. This information includes, among others: (i) the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, (ii) the IP address of a computer or Internet service provider you use, (iii) the operating system you use (such as Mac OS, Windows), (iv) your browser version (e.g. Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera), (v) the name of the website that redirected you to our website, (vi) the type of device you are using. This allows us to determine the date of your visit to our Website, track your movements on our Website and record the time you spend viewing each Website. This information helps us determine your browsing habits, content preferences and specific pages you visit.
Cookies
Like many other commercial websites, we send to your device one or more "cookies" (small text files sent to your browser that may be stored on your device so we can recognize you when you visit us again). Specifically, we use two types of cookies:

Session cookies — these are assigned to the user during the login process and are automatically deleted when the user logs out or closes their browser. We use session cookies primarily to determine the login status of users of our services. The purpose is to ensure that our users are able to view Web pages they are entitled to access in connection with the use of our Website or services.
Persistent cookies — these remain even after you close your browser. You can delete them manually. We use persistent cookies primarily to collect general information that enhances our ability to serve the user and measure the utility of the Websites.

We also may receive information about you when you visit our Website by clicking a link located on the website of a third party. Owners of these websites can give us contact information and information stored in the cookies they use on their websites. Third parties assign a session "cookie ID" to help you navigate through our Websites. Please note that the use of cookies by third parties is not covered by this ClickMeeting Privacy Policy. We have no access to or control over these cookies.
Cookie settings
If, in your browser settings, you authorize your browser to accept cookies, you consent to the use of cookies by ClickMeeting. If you do not consent to the use of cookies by ClickMeeting, you can block them by selecting the appropriate option in your browser settings. Please remember, however, that if you decide not to accept our cookies, you will not be able to use all of our features. We also cannot guarantee that our service and the Websites will work optimally.
General Terms of Service
By subscribing to ClickMeeting Service or ClickWebinar ("Service"), you agree to use it in compliance with these General Terms of Service ("Terms of Service").
By purchasing, subscribing to, accessing or otherwise using the Service (including but not limited to ordering the Service by the individual service order form which is subsequently executed by ClickMeeting, outside the IT infrastructure of the Service), you conclude an agreement (the "Agreement") with ClickMeeting on terms and conditions stated in this document. If you do not agree with these Terms of Service, please do not use the Service. We reserve the right to refuse to provide the Service to a potential User in our sole discretion.
Whenever used in these Terms of Service, the following defined terms shall apply:
"ClickMeeting", "we" means the service provider - ClickMeeting Sp. z o.o., having its registered office in Gdansk, Arkonska 6, A4, 80-387, Poland, entered in the National Court Register kept by the District Court Gdansk - North in Gdansk under the number (KRS) 0000604194, Tax ID No.: 5842747535
"User", "you" means any entity that subscribed to the Service available on the Service website
"Conference" means any online meeting organized using our Service
"Participant" means any natural person that participates in the Conference
"Stream" means uploading, posting, emailing, storing, streaming, linking to, transmitting or otherwise making available the Content to Participants through the Service
"Content" means any information, data, video, media, recordings, materials and such that are posted, uploaded, downloaded into the User's account and/or streamed during the conference
"Service" means an online ClickMeeting or ClickWebinar Service provided by ClickMeeting in the SaaS model (Software-as-a-Service) that enables you to create, participate in and manage conferences. The Service allows you to Stream your own audio and video conferences via the Internet using various features.
The free version of the Service, as opposed to the paid version, may be limited in terms of access to certain features. The User may open only one free account within the Service.
I. Registration and Use of the Service


        In order to use the Service an individual account in the Service ("Account") must be created. The Account may be accessed only with the use of the user name and password ("login details"). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the login details and the Account. We also enable Users to create free trial Account via Facebook. We also reserve the right to reject your subscription for any or no reason, in particular if the Agreement has been previously terminated due to User's breach of these Terms of Service.
        

        On registration to the Service, you choose an Account type (ClickMeeting Account or ClickWebinar Account) and a subscription plan; you also agree to:
            
provide, maintain and promptly update your personal and business details so that they are as current, complete and accurate as possible,
comply with these Terms of Service, as well as Privacy Policy.
comply with all laws applicable to you, including local laws, laws related to the use of electronic means of communication, protection of personal data, recording of communications,
receive commercial information about ClickMeeting's products and services,
receive invoices by electronic means of communication - in the Billing History Section in the Account.



        You may use the Service only for conferences in which you take part as an active Participant.
        

        You are solely responsible for notifying all Participants that personal data and information disclosed during the Conference can be transmitted to other Participants and third parties. You are obliged to inform Participants that the use of the Service is subject to these Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
        

II. Prohibited Practices


You are not allowed to use the Service in a manner that, intentionally or unintentionally, violates any applicable law, these Terms of Service, any copyrights or any other rights of a third party or restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Service or could expose ClickMeeting to harm or liability. This rule applies also to the Content streamed through the Service. To see what practices we regard as particularly abusive or unlawful, please click here.



                uploading, posting, emailing, storing, linking to, transmitting or otherwise making available any Content that:
                
the User does not have full rights to use and publish on the Internet;
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, obscene, libelous, slanderous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another person's privacy, harmful to minors, tortuous, or otherwise objectionable by ClickMeeting;
is associated with pornography, adult-related material, child pornography, bigotry, racism, hatred, profanity, mail fraud, or any material which may be insulting to another person or an entity;
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party, including, but not limited to, unauthorized copying and posting of pictures, logos, software, articles, musical works and videos;
constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam or any other form of solicitation;
contains harmful content, including, without limitation, software viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, spy-ware, or any other files, software programs, or technology that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate services or any system, program, data or personal information, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party;
impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives;
violates any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation including, without limitation, those governing consumer protection, Internet tobacco sales, unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising;
offers or disseminates fraudulent goods, services, schemes, or promotions (e.g. make-money-fast schemes, chain letters, pyramid schemes) or engages in any unfair deceptive act or practice;
is associated with goods or services which sale or marketing is prohibited or requires permit, which the User or their Participants do not have (for example: drugs, narcotics, weapons of any kind and related items, nicotine and related, alcohol, medical services, any form of gambling or lottery-type services);
violates any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (including without limitation the laws and regulations governing export control, unfair competition, anti-discrimination, false advertising, consumer rights);



                harvesting or collecting email addresses or other information using the Service for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited information;
            

                using any hardware or software intended to damage or interfere with the proper and timely functioning of the Service or to surreptitiously intercept any system, data or personal information from our website, servers and/or the Service;
            

                reproducing, modifying, reusing in another product or service, preparing derivative works of, reverse engineering, attempting to decipher any code of the Service, application or any software associated therewith or ClickMeeting website;
            

                taking any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the website network or other ClickMeeting service infrastructure;
            

                reselling, redistributing, licensing the Service to any third party or using it on a timeshare basis or otherwise generating profit from the Service or any of its part,
            




        You are not allowed to run more than one conference at a time within one Account.
        

III. Conference Content


        You are solely responsible for the Conference streaming, the activities of the Participant during Conferences, all Content and for all activity with respect to your Account.
        

        We do not verify, endorse, or claim ownership of any Content, and you retain all rights, titles, and interest in and to your Content.
        

        Unless otherwise set forth in these Terms of Service, we do not store any Content, except as necessary for due provision of the Service.
        

        Certain features of the Service enable you to specify the level at which the Service restricts access to the Conference(s) and Content. The User is solely responsible for applying the appropriate level of access.
        

        ClickMeeting declares not to monitor your and your Participant's activity occurring in connection with the Service. Shall ClickMeeting become aware, however, of any possible violations of this Agreement, Terms of Service or provisions of applicable law, ClickMeeting reserves the right to investigate such violations, and may, at its sole discretion, immediately and without notice suspend access to the Account, terminate the Agreement or change, alter or remove Content, in whole or in part. In this case ClickMeeting shall not be liable for damages incurred by the User or Participants.
        

        ClickMeeting is entitled, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, to disclose any information, including information about the User, in ClickMeeting's possession in connection with their use of the Service, to law enforcement or other government officials, as ClickMeeting in its sole discretion believes to be necessary or appropriate.
        

IV. Payments


        The Service is provided on a prepaid basis. All fees for the Service shall be paid according to the subscription plan you have chosen and these Terms of Service.
        

        If you have chosen credit card payment as your payment method, you agree to pay the subscription fee as a recurring payment, per the agreed payment plan. The amount of the recurring payment is based on the current pricing, which is presented on the Service website.
        

        We reserve the right to change the fees for the Service at any time. However, when we introduce new pricing, the new prices will apply to new Users and upgrades. Existing Users are not automatically switched to new pricing.
        

        All amounts paid under the Agreement are non-refundable. Any excess payment which is the difference between the down payment and the amount due to ClickMeeting, is credited towards future payments for the Service.
        

        The Service fees do not include any additional third party costs including phone call or data transmission costs charged by phone operators and/or data transmission providers.
        

        You acknowledge that Conference phone numbers provided by ClickMeeting within the Service are not toll-free numbers. ClickMeeting does not charge any additional fees; however, any Conference Participant will be charged for the connection by their phone operator according to their subscription plan.
        

        In case credit card payment, the additional features (add-ons) specified in the Account panel may be offered to the User (e.g. additional storage, additional storage for recordings, optional presenter, optional streaming).  Unless otherwise stated on the Service's website, the fee for the additional features will be charged as a recurring payment, in terms consistent with the main subscription payment plan. Upon payment the fee for additional features, the specified amount will be charged in the amount calculated in proportion to the number of remaining days of the current settlement period. Subsequent fees will be charged in the full amount.
        

        Where appropriate, tax on goods and services (VAT) shall be added to the payment amount in accordance with currently effective rates.
        

        The invoice will be placed in the billing section of the Account Panel promptly after we have received the payment. For settlement purposes it is assumed that a month has 30 days and a year has 360 days.
        

V. Technical Requirements


        Upon uploading a file to the Account, its format may be adjusted to the requirements of the Service. Such an adjustment might influence the video quality or other file features.
        

        ClickMeeting assures that the Service will work properly with the latest official version of Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, Chrome web browsers with plugins that allow Flash technology. We assure and guarantee that media streamed from a previously uploaded media file will work properly if you successfully uploaded the file in a recognizable format.
        

        You expressly consent that the quality of motion pictures or streamed media files might differ from the quality of the original files.
        

        We guarantee, and you recognize, that the Service will work properly if you have a camera and/or a microphone and headset or loudspeaker that is recognized by your computer and your browser Flash plug-in and is not used by another application.
        

VI. Service Availability


        The Service may not be available in all countries and it may be unavailable for use in any particular location.
        

        ClickMeeting may, at its sole discretion and without liability, change, modify, vary or replace the features and functionalities of the Service or any provided equipment, or software used to deliver the Service provided that this does not have a material adverse effect on the Service.
        

        ClickMeeting may perform scheduled or emergency maintenance (including temporary suspension of the Service if necessary) to maintain or modify the Service without previous notice given to you. However, in the event of scheduled maintenance that would last for more than one day, ClickMeeting will use reasonable efforts to give you at least one day's notice. Scheduled maintenance will be carried out with an aim to minimize business interruption.
        

VII. Customer Service, technical support.


        ClickMeeting provides the Users with Customer Support.
        

        You may address all questions, doubts and report any complaints to the Customer Support Department via our web form. You should provide us with at least the account name and/or your name.
        

        We ensure that the Customer Support Department responds as soon as possible and informs the User on how the issue will be or has been resolved. Normally the response is provided within two business days after receiving a request.
        

        We do not take any action in relation to "anonymous" requests or if the complaint refers to the fact that the Service does not recognize the camera, microphone, headset, loudspeaker and/or telephone.
        

        ClickMeeting provides the User with a technical support during the Conference. In order to get assistance, the User should choose the option in the Account panel or a dedicated phone number. When using the technical support, the User is aware that the Conference Content may be accessed and modified (when needed) by the technical support assistant. 
        

VIII. Data protection.
Detailed information regarding personal data protection and privacy is specified in the Privacy Policy which constitutes and integral part of these Terms of Service.
IX. Intellectual property


        The Service, software, hardware and all content included on our website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and video tutorials, product and brand names, are the property of ClickMeeting or its content suppliers and protected by Polish, U.S. and European copyright laws.
        

        ClickWebinar, ClickMeeting , ClickWebinar.com, ClickMeeting.com (and other derivative domains) are trademarks and domains of ClickMeeting in the Republic of Poland, the United States, the European Union and other countries. Those trademarks may not be used in conjunction with other companies' products or services in any manner that may cause confusion among Users and potential Users, or in any manner that discredits ClickMeeting, its products and services.
        

        Except as expressly allowed within Service features, it is prohibited to delete, cover, change or make impossible to read any trademark, copyright or other proprietary notices associated within the Service software, application, the results of using that software or in any content presented on the Service website. In particular, it is prohibited to remove or change the ClickMeeting or ClickWebinar logo from video files and images created using the Service.
        

        Certain Service features may require to download and install ClickMeeting's application. In that event ClickMeeting agrees to provide you with a limited, personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable and non-sublicensable license to use such application in accordance with these Terms of Service. You may not use such application after the Agreement is terminated and for any other purpose and in any other manner than as intended by ClickMeeting in connection with your use of the Service.
        

X. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liabilities


        THE SERVICE AND THE WEBSITE ARE DISTRIBUTED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. IN PARTICULAR CLICKMEETING DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY OR ERROR FREE. CLICKMEETING ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DELETION OF OR FAILURE TO STORE OR DELIVER THE CONTENT.
        

        ClickMeeting exercises no control over and specifically denies any responsibility for the Content, accuracy or quality of the Content and other information and/or data passing through its network or the Service provided, as well as for any messages received or transactions entered into through the Service. ClickMeeting assumes no responsibility for the deletion, destruction of or failure to store or deliver the Content or for the security, privacy, storage or transmission of other communications originating from or involving the use of the Service.
        

        To the greatest extent permitted by law neither ClickMeeting nor its agents, employees, directors, officers or suppliers shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage (even if ClickMeeting has been advised of the possibility of such a loss) including, but not limited to, lost of business revenue, loss of profits, loss of data, damage to reputation, failure to realize expected profits or other commercial or economic loss or for any claim against the User by any third party resulting from or arising in any connection with use, misuse or inability to use the Service or from unauthorized access to or alteration of transmission or Content.
        

        ClickMeeting's entire liability towards the User, shall in no event exceed in the aggregate the amount paid by the User for the Service that is the subject of the claim in one month immediately preceding the date the User notifies ClickMeeting of such a claim, in respect of all claims under or related to the Services provided by ClickMeeting to the User.
        

        The limitations, exclusions and disclaimers in this Agreement shall apply irrespective of the nature of the cause of action, demand or claim by the User or a third party, including, without limitation, breach of contract, negligence, tort, strict liability or any other legal theory and shall survive a fundamental breach of this Agreement.
        

        ClickMeeting is not responsible for:
            

                    any delay or failure in performance due to Force Majeure (the Force Majeure shall be deemed as an exceptional occurrence, caused by an external factor which cannot be foreseen and which could not be prevented. Force Majeure occurrences include in particular: war, natural disasters, strikes, breakdowns, DDoS attacks or other disruptions in telecommunication networks or data communication infrastructure, emergency government action and administrative measures, activities of entities that affect the provision of the Service, and whose activity is independent of ClickMeeting);
                

                    actions and omissions of third parties (including the User and Participants), especially using the Account by the third parties taking the advantage of login details obtained from the User or in other circumstances beyond ClickMeeting' reasonable control;
                

                    failure of external conditions and networks which are necessary to use the Service and are beyond ClickMeeting' reasonable control;
                

                    wrong or false data provided by the User during the registration process.
                



        The User agrees unconditionally to indemnify and hold harmless ClickMeeting and its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against all claims, proceedings, liabilities, actions, damages and costs (including reasonable attorney fees) arising from or related to (i) the use or misuse of the Service or any of its part, (ii) violation of these Terms of Service or applicable laws by the User, Participant or a person accessing their Account, (iii) User's or Participants' Content and activity.
        

XI. Term and Termination, Subscription freezing


        The term of this Agreement commences on the date of subscription to the Service by the User. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of these Terms of Service, the Agreement shall continue for the term resulting from the subscription plan chosen by the User and automatically renew for consecutive terms.
        

        You may terminate the Service at any time by cancelling your Account. An email or phone request to cancel your Account is not considered cancellation. In order to cancel the Account please follow the instructions provided on this webpage. If you encounter any problems when cancelling the Account, contact our Customer Support Team.
        

        You may suspend (freeze) your Account subscription for a maximum period of 90 (ninety) days (but not longer than to the expiry date of your credit card) starting from the first day of the next subscription period for which the fees has yet not been charged (f.i. if you have your subscription paid for another 15 days, the status frozen will appear on day 16). During the suspension period:
            

                ClickMeeting will not charge any fees for providing the Service;
            

                all Conference data, the Content, email messages, statistics, Users and Participants' data will be retained within the Service;
            

                your unique meeting URL will be retained.
            



        You can resume your Account by clicking unfreeze link in your Account Panel. The Account shall resume automatically 90 days after suspension unless it is previously unfrozen by the User. The fees will be charged upon the resumption of the Account according to previously chosen subscription plan. In case the Account is not resumed by the User during the above term or it is impossible to charge the applicable fees, all of your data (including Content, email messages and statistics, recordings and other Conference data) will be permanently deleted. This operation is irreversible.
        

        In case the Account is cancelled (pursuant to clause 2 above) or the Service (Agreement) is terminated (irrespective of the basis and reasons of the termination), the User is entitled to resume the Account (together with all Conference data, the Content, email messages, statistics, Users and Participants' data) during 60 days (in case of free of charge Account) or during 90 days (in case of payable Account) upon the Account is cancelled or the Service (Agreement) is terminated. In order to resume the Account, the User shall pay applicable fees for subsequent settlement period during the above terms. ClickMeeting reserves its right to refuse the Account resumption without any reasons (especially if ClickMeeting has previously terminated the Agreement or suspended the Service). In case the Account is not resumed during the above terms (60 or 90 days), the Account and all data stored within the Account (including Content, email messages and statistics, recordings and other Conference data) will be permanently deleted.
        

We reserve the right to terminate the Agreement or suspend the Service with immediate effect and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service in the event that we are ordered to do so by any court or other public authority or if you violate material obligations resulting from these Terms of Service or applicable legal provisions. To see what activities we particularly regard as violating our Terms of Service, please click here.



            the User is in default of any payment due to ClickMeeting,
            

            the User or any other person for which the User is responsible, engages in prohibited practices as defined in Section II of Terms of Service,
            

            the User breaches the rules on using our trademarks and other intellectual property,
            

            the User provided grossly inaccurate, unreliable or false registrant contact details, or failed to keep such contact details up to date
            

            the User paid for the Service with payment instrument which they are not entitled to use
            




        Unless otherwise provided in the binding provisions of law, you are not entitled to any partial or whole reimbursement or cancellation of any fees or payments already paid or which are due according to Section IV of these Terms of Service. You are also required to pay all fees that accrue until the termination date.
        

        The User is not entitled to terminate the Agreement concluded for a definite period outside the IT infrastructure of the Service (by the individual service order form) before the lapse of the agreed time limit. In case the User terminates the Agreement in violation of the above condition, the User is obliged to settle all the fees which would accrue until the lapse of the specified Agreement term. The fees paid in advance are non-refundable. ClickMeeting will issue the invoice including the outstanding fees to be paid by the User due to early termination within 14 days.
        

XII Final Provisions


        If any provision of these Terms of Service is held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable.
        

        ClickMeeting reserves the right to change these Terms of Service at any time by posting the revised document on the Service website and/or by sending an email to the last email address you have given to ClickMeeting. These Terms of Service shall be effective immediately with respect to any continued or new use of the Service, unless you terminate these Terms of Service within 10 (ten) days. The most current version of the Terms of Service is available at any time at the Service website.
        

        These Terms of Service shall be interpreted and construed according to, and governed by, the laws of the Republic of Poland, excluding any such laws that might direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The Polish court (with the venue of ClickMeeting' registered office) shall be the governing jurisdiction.
        

        This Product is licensed under the AVC Patent Portfolio License for personal and non-commercial use of a consumer to (i) encode video in compliance with the AVC Standard ("AVC Video") and/or (ii) decode AVC Video that was encoded by a consumer engaged in a personal and non-commercial activity and/or was obtained from a video provider licensed to provide AVC Video. No license is granted or shall be implied for any other use. Additional information may be obtained from MPEG LA, L.L.C. See http://www.mpegla.com


ClickMeeting Affiliate Program Terms
I. General
By signing up to be an affiliate in the ClickMeeting Affiliate Program ("Program") you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms"). Please ensure that you read them carefully before signing up. These Terms are a legal agreement ("Agreement") between GetResponse Inc. with registered office address at 1011 Centre Road, Suite 322, Wilmington, DE 19805, USA ("Company", "we", "us") and You ("Affiliate", "you").
The term Affiliate does not imply any formal association with the Company. By this Agreement, the Affiliate is granted a non-exclusive, revocable right to market and advertise ClickMeeting and ClickWebinar Services ("Service") and the Program.
We will reward Affiliates for expanding our customer base and acquiring for us new customers through Affiliates' own marketing efforts. We will pay to Affiliates commissions on sales of the Service to new customers who were referred to us directly by Affiliates pursuant to the terms and conditions of this document ("Commission").
II. Participation in Program

To enroll in the Program, the Affiliate must fill out the registration form with current, complete, and accurate information. If the form is filled out correctly, an account within the Affiliate Panel is created for the Affiliate and Affiliate becomes a participant of the Program. Providing false information in the registration form will result in immediate termination from the Program and forfeiture of all outstanding Commissions.
The Company reserves, at its sole discretion, the right to refuse to anyone participation in the Program at any time. The Company also reserves the right to refuse Affiliates from certain countries that have a track record of originating credit card fraud.
Upon registration, the Company assigns affiliate referral links which redirect to the Company’s website. Referral links contain a unique affiliate login assigned to the Affiliate. This information is saved on the computer of the visitor, who enters the Company’s website through the referral link, in the form of a cookie.
The sale of the Service that forms the basis for Commission calculation is tracked through the use of cookies. In some cases, it will not be possible to track traffic from the Affiliate's website to the Company’s website, because the visitor is using cookie-blocking software. The Company is only responsible for paying Commissions on sales that can be tracked back to the Affiliate using the technology in use by the Company. 

III. Company Obligations

The Company agrees:

to pay Commissions on sales of the Service referred directly by the Affiliate in accordance with the provisions of these Terms;
to grant the Affiliate access to an Affiliate account - login and password protected area within the Affiliate Panel where the Affiliate can look up their affiliate URLs, information about referred sales and commissions;
at its sole discretion and choice, to grant the Affiliate access to materials containing Company logos, and/or other promotion materials ("marketing materials"), however, this shall not create any obligation to deliver such materials to the Affiliate.



IV. Affiliate Obligations 


The Affiliate agrees:

to receive commercial information about the Company, the Program and the Service;
that participation in the Program is at their sole risk;
that trademarks and materials provided by the Company, in particular but not limited to the marketing materials, are the property of the Company and may be used by the Affiliate for promotion of the Service under the Program only according to the instructions of the Company; the instructions are placed on the Affiliate Panel;
to be responsible for all taxes and other similar levies applicable to the Commissions pursuant to any law or regulation; in particular the Affiliate shall report Commissions to their tax authorities as required by applicable law;
to provide the Company with current, full and accurate details or documents within two (2) days from the initial request, should the Company be responsible for provision of such documents or details under any tax law or regulation. In particular, if the Affiliate is a U.S. resident or organization, the Company may require tax ID, or Social Security number in case of individuals, as well as tax registration name and a tax classification.


The Affiliate should strictly adhere to all applicable laws, regulations and good industry practice, as well as these Terms, in conducting their business, in particular in marketing and advertising the Service and the Program. To see what practices we regard as particularly abusive or illegal, please click  here.



The Affiliate shall not (i) associate any content made available on the Affiliate Panel and Affiliate’s website, in particular the marketing materials or (ii) offer to provide any goods or services, or (iii) engage in business practices that:

are unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, obscene, libelous, slanderous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another person's privacy, tortuous, or otherwise violate Company's rules or policies,
victimize, harass, degrade, or intimidate an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability, 
infringe on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party, including, but not limited to, unauthorized copying and posting pictures, logos, software, articles, musical works and videos 
contain harmful content, including, without limitation, software viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, spy-ware, or any other files, software programs, or technology that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate services or any system, program, data or personal information, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party 
impersonate any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives 
otherwise violate any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation including, without limitation, those governing consumer protection, Internet tobacco sales, unfair competition, anti discrimination or false advertising 
offer or disseminate fraudulent goods, services, schemes, or promotions (e.g. make money fast schemes, chain letters, pyramid schemes) or engage in any unfair deceptive act or practice,
are associated with any form of gambling or lottery type services 
are associated with any form of racism, hatred, profanity, mail fraud, adult, sexually oriented, or obscene materials or services, including without limitation, any material clearly designed to sexually arouse the viewer/reader (e.g. books, text, photos, videos, X-rated movies, pornographic materials, etc.), any materials which require individuals to be eighteen (18) or older to view or purchase those materials, escort services, and adult websites, or any material which may be insulting to another person or entity,
are associated with the sale of any controlled drug that requires a prescription from a licensed practitioner; or any over-the-counter drug, or nonprescription drugs 
are associated with illegal telecommunications or cable television equipment, such as access cards, access card programmers and unloopers, cable descramblers or filters 
are associated with weapons of any kind and related items, including firearms, firearm parts and magazines, ammunition, BB and pellet guns, tear gas, stun guns, switchblade knives and martial arts weapons 
market for:

nicotine, nicotine services, services imitating nicotine services, symbols relating to smoking or nicotine 
alcohol of any kind
drugs of any kind, services relating to drugs, symbols relating to drugs, the use of drugs of any kind 
medical services, medical aid, medical assistance, medicines
video lotteries, cylindrical games, card games, dicing, and automated games
call on minors directly to purchase Company services
encourage minors to influence their parents or other persons with an aim of impelling them to buy Company services
take advantage of minors' trust upon their parents, teachers or other persons
unreasonably show minors in dangerous situations, or


are intended to affect to subconscious of a recipient.



The Affiliate shall market and advertise the Program and the Service diligently and in goodwill, and shall develop, operate and maintain their website and referral links, at their sole expense and risk. In particular, the Affiliate shall be solely responsible for all materials that appear on their website. The Company shall have the right to approve or decline the graphics, logos, banners and other materials used by the Affiliate in relation to the referral link to the Company’s website and to make suggestions related to those issues to the Affiliate.  The Affiliate agrees to conform to the suggestions made by the Company, in particular the Affiliate is obliged to make changes to their website and other marketing materials used to promote the Service.
Promoting the Service and/or the Program via Google Adwords or through other search engine service providers is strictly prohibited. Should the Affiliate wish to use Google Adwords or other search engine services, he/she is required to receive a prior permission from the Company.
The Affiliate shall not send unsolicited e-mail and shall not send e-mail nor any other communication to a recipient if the recipient has not expressed their prior consent thereto.
The Affiliate shall not attempt to register any trademarks, service marks, logos, brand names, trade names, domain names, email addresses and/or slogans similar confusingly similar to the ones to which the Company is entitled, especially with the use of the word GetResponse, ClickMeeting or ClickWebinar. Should the Affiliate obtain any right, title or interest in the aforementioned trademarks (or intellectual property confusingly similar to them), the Affiliate is obliged upon first demand of the Company to transfer all title, right and interest of said intellectual property to the Company. The Affiliate shall be responsible for any costs associated with enforcing the trademark (or other intellectual property) and/or getting the domain transfered to the Company.

V. Affiliate Commissions 

The Affiliate will receive a Commission for each complete purchase of the Service made in the Agreement term by the customer referred by the Affiliate. This means that the Affiliate will receive the Commission upon accepted payment if the customer was referred through the Affiliate’s referral link and the customer's software allowed Company to save such a referral cookie. The Affiliate is not entitled to the Commission for the purchases of the Service through their own referral link - this means that the Affiliate will not receive the Commission for the purchase of the Service made by the Affiliate himself/herself, their corporation, employer or the like or any other entity which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Affiliate.  This includes also any purchases made not under Affiliate’s name but with the use of Affiliate’s payment medium (e.g. credit card, check, bank account)
If a new customer referred by the Affiliate purchases the Service, the Affiliate will receive a residual Commission calculated as a percentage of the amount paid to the Company for the Service by the referred customer. In such case the Commission rate is 30%.
Where the customer referred by the Affiliate has paid for the Service in other currency than the one used for settlement purposes with the Affiliate, we will convert and credit the associated Commission in the relevant currency using the published Wall Street Journal index at the time of payment.
A summary of purchases of the Service and statement of referral Commission is available to the Affiliate by logging into their Affiliate account.
The Company reserves the right to grant discount for the Service to chosen customers. Commissions reflect a percentage, not a particular amount, therefore it is possible that the Commission on the sale of the same Service may be different every month. 
Commissions are calculated on the last day of each month and are paid out only when the accrued Commissions exceed either USD 50, EUR 50, GBP 50 or PLN 150 (depending on the Affiliate’s domicile/residence). If on the last day of the month the balance owing in the account is less than the aforesaid limit, the Commission will be accumulated in the account. Commissions are credited to your Affiliate account once the customer pays for the Service. Commissions are only earned if a customer makes a payment in full. 
Accrued Commissions are paid in the form of USD check, ACH, Eurotransfer or via other payment method if agreed individually with the Company. Affiliate checks are mailed via regular mail to the address provided upon registration, on or around the 20th of every subsequent month. The Commission paid by ACH and Eurotransfer is effected on the same date as in case of checks.
Based on internal risk analysis, the Company reserves the right to withhold first time payments and any other payments originating from an account where there is suspected fraud activity - for a period of up to 3 months and in cases the Affiliate violates any of the provisions of these Terms – all Commissions accrued and not paid out for as long as the Affiliate is in breach. The Company reserves also the right to disqualify Commissions earned through fraudulent, illegal, or overly aggressive, questionable sales or marketing methods.
To ensure proper Commission payment, the Affiliate is solely responsible for providing and maintaining accurate contact details including address, as well as payment information associated with the Affiliate’s account. If you are a US taxpayer, you should include without limitation a valid tax identification number and Form W-9. If you are a non-US taxpayer, you should provide the Company without limitation with either a signed certification that you do not have US Activities, or a completed Form W-8 or other form, which may require a valid US tax identification number, as required by the US tax authorities. No Commission payment shall be made unless the Affiliate provides the Company with accurate and complete contact and tax details.
The Affiliate acknowledges and agrees that all the sums of Commissions payable under the Program are calculated jointly for the purpose of fulfillment of tax obligations. 
The Company reserves the right to change the Commission rate and Service prices at any time. Any Commissions accrued after such a change will be at the new rate.  

VI. Refunds/Chargebacks/Fraud 

Any customer refunds, reversals or credit card chargebacks owed by the Company to the referred customer will result in the appropriate Commission amount being deducted from the Affiliate's account balance ("Deducted Commission"). If the Commission from that sale has already been paid to the Affiliate, the amount will be deducted from future payments of the Commissions. If the Commission owed to the Affiliate in the next month is not sufficient to satisfy the Deducted Commission, GetResponse may invoicethe Affiliate will be invoiced for the payment of the remaining debt immediately and the Affiliate is obligated to pay it within the payment date provided in the invoice.
The Company reserves the right to terminate the Agreement with immediate effect in the event of not receiving the remaining debt within the payment date provided in the invoice referred to in s. 1 above. 
Any fraudulent activity that can be traced directly to the Affiliate's actions will cause immediate termination and forfeiture of any Commission earned.
If an account of customer referred by Affiliate is terminated due to practices or actions that GetResponse considers to be abusive, prohibited or that violate GetResponse Terms of Service in other ways, GetResponse reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to withhold or forfeit one or all Commissions earned (regardless of whether paid or outstanding) for referring the terminated customer. If the number of terminated customer accounts referred by Affiliate is abnormal or GetResponse may reasonably suspect that it is a part of fraudulent activity, GetResponse shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to forfeit not only Commissions earned for referring terminated customers, but all Commissions earned (regardless of whether paid or outstanding) by Affiliate during the term of Agreement. As regards settlement rules section 1 and 2 above shall apply accordingly, i.e. GetResponse is entitled in particular to deduct relevant amounts of forfeited Commissions from future payments due to Affiliate and if the Commission owed in the next month is not sufficient, GetResponse may invoice the Affiliate for payment of remaining debt.

VII. Limitation of liability

To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company, its employees, directors, officers or representatives shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special or consequential damage or loss (even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of such damage), howsoever caused and irrespective of the nature of the cause of action, demand or claim by the Affiliate. The Company’s entire liability, regardless of the form and cause of action, in any event is limited to the aggregate amount paid by the Company to the Affiliate in one month immediately preceding the date the Affiliate notifies the Company of such a claim, or in the aggregate, in respect of all claims under or related to the Program. The Affiliate hereby releases the Company, its employees, directors, officers and representatives from any and all obligations, liabilities and claims in excess of the aforementioned limitation.
Neither party shall be responsible for any delay or failure in performance of their obligations under these Terms of Service due to Force Majeure or other occurrences that are beyond reasonable control of the party in default or failing to fulfill obligations. By Force Majeure the Parties understand as an exceptional occurrence, caused by an external factor which cannot be foreseen and which could not be prevented. Force Majeure occurrences include in particular: war, natural disasters, strikes, breakdowns, DDoS attacks or other disruptions in telecommunication networks or data communication infrastructure, emergency government action and administrative measures, activities of entities that affect the provision of the Service or Company’s websites, and whose activity is independent of the Parties. The Company shall not be liable for any claim, loss or damage if, for any reason whatsoever, its website fails or is non-operational
You agree to indemnify and hold the Company, its employees, directors, officers, co-operators and representatives harmless from any and all claims, losses (either direct or indirect), damages, expenses, including but not limited to attorney fees basing or arising from your failure (or any individual using your username details) to comply with your obligations under these Terms or violation of any law, or violation of the rights of any third party. We will notify you as soon as reasonably practical of any such claim, demand or cause of action for which we will require indemnification from you.
The Company shall not be responsible if a referred sale goes unregistered for any reason. 
The Company shall not be responsible for any intermediary charges, transaction fees and other costs or expenses accrued by the Affiliate in connection with the Program.
If you provide to us incorrect details (name, address etc.) and as a result we will have to undertake additional actions of any kind regarding payment, in particular void a check and issue and send you another one, you will be obliged reimburse us the costs and expenses, including additional fees and penalties imposed by a relevant bank, resulting from such actions. We reserve the right to refuse to undertake additional actions regarding payment, in particular to refuse to issue another check, if you submit a relevant request after 12 months as of making payment, e.g. issuing check, or if you failed to inform us about problems with payment within the above period, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect a fraudulent activity.

VIII. Term and Termination

This Agreement shall be effective as and from the date of execution until and unless cancelled by either party.
The Company has right to terminate this Agreement effective immediately upon delivery of such a notification to the Affiliate either to his email address or upon posting a relevant information in the Affiliate account.
The Affiliate has the right to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect upon notification delivered to the Company via the web-form available in the Affiliate account.
The Company reserves the right to terminate the Agreement with the Affiliate immediately and without notice and forfeit all outstanding Commissions if the Affiliate violates any provision of these Terms, in particular if the Affiliate:

undertook any activity considered abusive practice as per clause IV s. 2 hereof,
sent unsolicited email or engage in any other communication to a recipient if the recipient has requested discontinuance of such communication,
promoted the Service or the Program via Google Adwords or other search engine provider without prior written consent of the Company,
misrepresented the Company, the Program or the Service in any way,
registered or used a domain, email address or trademark with any trademark (service mark) owned by the Company or confusingly similar to the Company’s trademark or domain names; used or permitted or accepted the use by a third party of any name, or trademark, or service mark belonging to the Company, or any marketing material provided on the Affiliates Panel, Company’s website, themselves or by any third party in a manner that would lead a reasonable person to believe that the name or trademark or service mark or content is a property of the Affiliate or such a third party,
provided false, invalid, inaccurate information in the registration process and/or not updating or supplementing it when necessary,
artificially inflated (or attempted to inflate) the Commissions. 


The Company has the right to terminate the Agreement with immediate effect and shut down the Affiliate account if the Affiliate account is not used for six months and the Affiliate does not generate any Commissions.
Save as otherwise stated in these Terms, if the Agreement is terminated by either Party, the Affiliate shall be entitled only to Commissions accrued as of effective termination date on condition that the Affiliate submits a relevant request within 30 days from the termination date. After the expiry of such period it is deemed that the Affiliate waived their right to the Commission accrued.

IX. Final provisions

The illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms shall not affect the legality, validity and enforceability of any other provisions hereof. It is also understood and agreed by the parties that if any provision of this Agreement is prohibited or is unenforceable under the law of any government having jurisdiction, such invalid or unenforceable provision will be modified to the extent necessary to render it valid and enforceable without altering its intent. 
The Company reserves the right to modify, add or delete any documents, information, graphics, marketing materials or other content appearing on or in connection with the Program or Company’s website, including these Terms, at any time without prior notice. The changed Terms shall be posted on the Affiliate account and become effective immediately with respect to any continued or new Program participants, unless the Affiliate terminates these Terms within the next 10 (ten) days.
The Affiliate shall address any inquiries or complaints regarding company’s performance of this Agreement via the web-form available in the Affiliate account.

The Terms in this version are valid from December 22, 2014.

