

Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy statement discloses the privacy practices for ClickMeeting Service and ClickWebinar Service (hereinafter referred to as "Service", "Website“), hosted by ClickMeeting Sp.z.o.o. hereinafter referred to as "ClickMeeting".
The Service is an online service which enables Users to have video and audio conferences, collaborate on documents, deliver presentations, perform product demonstrations and securely share confidential information from anywhere, anytime.
ClickMeeting realizes that you care how your information is processed and shared, and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This document describes our Privacy Policy. By registering your details with us you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Service. Terms which are not defined in this Privacy Policy and are written in capitals shall have their meaning specified in the Terms of Service. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy the term "User" shall not only mean the "User" in accordance with the provisions of Terms of Service, but also every person visiting ClickMeeting or ClickWebinar website.
ClickMeeting undertakes to process the personal information of the Users and Participants and persons who have subscribed to ClickMeeting's newsletter in accordance with the provisions of the Polish Act on the Protection of Personal Data (Journal of Laws of 2014, item 1182; “Act") implemented in line with the Directive 95/46/EC of The European Parliament and of The Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data (Official Journal L 281 , 23/11/1995 P. 0031 - 0050).
We believe it is important to you to know how we treat the information about you which we receive during your visits to the Website. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, disclose, and safeguard the aggregate information we receive when you visit and browse the Website. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
We encourage you to take the time to read this Privacy Policy as well as those of any other sites you visit, whether through a link on that site or otherwise.

User Data Processing
ClickMeeting collects personal information from Users who visit this Site and register with our Service. ClickMeeting is a data controller with respect to the User's data. Because of the nature of our Service we must collect from Users personal information such as (at the minimum): (i) first and last name, (ii) username, (iii) an email address to be used as a login, (iv) password, (v) billing information such as billing address and credit card information where necessary, (vi) phone, (vii) country, (viii) address, city, state, zip.
We may also ask Users to provide additional personal information such as (i) company name, (ii) title, (iii) educational institution and (iv) other company and (v) personal details that the User may opt out of by not entering data when asked. ClickMeeting uses the User's registration information to authenticate Users and provide access to the Service. ClickMeeting also uses the email addresses used in the registration information to communicate with our Users. From time to time, ClickMeeting may contact the User via email to notify them of changes to its Service and scheduled maintenance.
The User agrees and acknowledges that their information collected through our websites and related Services may be transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed in any of the countries around the world in which ClickMeeting maintains offices and data centers, including the United States. As for the countries from outside of the European Economic Area, ClickMeeting shall cooperate only with entities from countries which ensure an adequate level of personal data protection. 
Information that is provided by meeting organizers such as: User name, email address and any other business contact and meeting subject contact are considered confidential to the User. When the Participant registers with one of our Users for an online transmission, that information is provided to the User. ClickMeeting may store that information to fulfill our obligations to our Users. ClickMeeting will not use the information to send marketing information for ClickMeeting services or third party offers to the Participants. The User and Participants should be aware that any personal information they submit while in-session and chatting can be read, collected or used by the User and other Participants. ClickMeeting will not view information except as necessary to appropriately support the Service.
Provision of personal data in connection with the use of the Service is voluntary. Note, however, that the refusal to provide certain data may make it impossible for the User to use all or part of the Service functionalities.
The User is obliged to update the data provided in the registration form as soon as any change in these data has occurred.


Outsourcing of Participants Personal Data Processing
ClickMeeting recognizes the importance of respecting the privacy of Participants who decided to entrust their sensitive information with the User. We make every effort to safeguard their security. ClickMeeting will never use the information about the Participants you collect within our Service to send any information other than expressly provided by you, nor will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use.
The User acknowledges and agrees that by virtue of his role as an online meeting organizer, he is a personal data base administrator or a data processor in terms of personal data of the Participants and is solely responsible to fulfill his duties pursuant to the Act.
Participant's personal data processing may be outsourced by the User to ClickMeeting only where the User is the data controller (within the meaning of Article 7 item 4 of the Act) or where the latter processes such personal data on the basis of Article 31 of the Act (as a data processor).
ClickMeeting may process Participants data within its capacity of data processor as set out in Article 31 of the Act.
Participants data processing may be outsourced as regards email address and other Participant-related information considered by the User necessary to ensure proper provision of the Service.
Further passing of the job of data processing may take place only within the limits, and for the purpose of proper provision, of the Service.
As for the countries from outside of the European Economic Area, ClickMeeting shall cooperate only with entities from countries which ensure an adequate level of personal data protection.
ClickMeeting declares that it provides security measures protecting the databases as defined in Articles 36– 39 of the Act, and meets the technical and organizational requirements specified in the provisions of Article 39a of the Act.
In case ClickMeeting does not fulfill its duties pursuant to the above provisions, the total liability of ClickMeeting, irrespective of the legal grounds of such liability, shall be limited to the direct damages sustained by the User. ClickMeeting shall not be liable for any indirect damages, subject to the intentional guilt or gross negligence of ClickMeeting. The total liability of ClickMeeting shall in no event exceed the amount of the remuneration due to ClickMeeting for the settlement period directly preceeding the settlement period in which the User raised his claim.
The User is entitled to conclude the contract on outsourcing the Participant's personal data processing with ClickMeeting. In order to do so, the User shall contact ClickMeeting via this form https://clickmeeting.com/contact. The User shall fill in the contract form with his business name, address, User's login or the Account title and the date of creating the Account within the Service (date of contract conclusion) and send two copies of signed contract to the ClickMeeting's postal address.


Erasure of Processed Data
ClickMeeting will retain User's and Participant's Data and the information regarding the User's Account for as long as needed to provide you the Service. We will retain and use the above data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
After removal of the User's Account from the Service, ClickMeeting shall store information related to the User and the Participant, as well as any statistical data concerning the Account and all information regarding the User's Account (together with all Conference data, the Content, email messages, statistics, Users and Participants' data) for a period of no less than 60 days (in the case of a free of charge Test Account) or 90 days (in the case of a payable Account). The processing of personal data by ClickMeeting after the removal may only involve holding of the same, unless performance of other operations on the data has been imposed on ClickMeeting by applicable regulations or competent authorities.
ClickMeeting will store personal data in accordance with the clause above solely for the purposes of (i) possible reactivation of the Account pursuant to Section XI. of the Terms of Service and (ii) performance of its duties as specified in the applicable regulations or as imposed by the competent authorities.
After the periods mentioned above (60 or 90 days respectively), the data will be permanently erased from the Service and their recovery will not be feasible. Participant's database may be returned to the User at its request made within 7 days of erasure of the data from the Service.


Passwords
The User's Account information, username, password and user profile are password-protected so that they have secure access to entering and editing personal data. It is the User's responsibility to protect the security of their password. Access to the Service is protected by a unique username and password that is known to the User only. ClickMeeting has designed internal security processes that encrypt the User's password to protect it from being divulged or accessed by anyone other than the User. Neither ClickMeeting employees nor any of its contractors can obtain or access to the User's password. Neither ClickMeeting employees or nor any of its contractors will ask the User for their password via mail, email, telephone or in any other unsolicited manner.


User Access and Choice
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our Service, you may correct, update, remove or request deletion by making the change on our member information page, by emailing our Customer Support at support@clickmeeting.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
We will ask for the User's consent before we use or share their information for any purpose other than the reason they provided or as otherwise provided by this Privacy Policy. In order for us to know the User's preferences, we will require an action on their part, such as checking the appropriate option, to indicate their consent.


Mailing Policy
When the User sends us an email, we use their email address to thank them for their comment and/or reply to their question, and we will store their communication and our reply for any future correspondence. Beyond our initial reply, we will never use the User's email address to send them any unsolicited message or information, nor will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use.
When the User agrees to receive marketing information about services and products of ClickMeeting or our commercial partners, we use their email address and any other information they give us to provide them with the information about services and products of ClickMeeting or our commercial partners, until they ask us to stop (using the 'unsubscribe' instructions provided with each email, and/or on the site where they signed up, and/or as we otherwise provide).
We will never use the User's email address or other information to provide them with any unsolicited messages or information (unless that is part of the service they are requesting).


Information Sharing
We do not sell or rent the User's and Participant's personal information to third parties for marketing purposes unless they have granted us permission to do so.
We may share the User's and Participant's personal information within other services of ClickMeeting for purposes of data processing or storage. We may also share the personal information with business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to provide a requested Service or transaction, including processing orders, processing credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting event and seminar registration and providing customer support. We only provide these third parties with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to complete/utilize the requested Service or transaction, and the third parties are not permitted to use the User's or Participant's personal information except for the limited purpose of completing/providing the requested Service or transaction.
We may also disclose your personal information:

as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process,
if for any reason we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.

If ClickMeeting is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.


Tracking Technologies
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information about visitors to our site automatically and store it in log files.
    The site use information includes, but is not limited to, the following: the domain names, operating system in use (e.g. Macintosh, Windows), browser (e.g. Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer) and version, the website which referred the User to us, and other similar information. This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on our website, pages viewed, time and date of visits, and other similar information. We may use and disclose site use information, for example, to measure the use of our website, improve the content, explain the utility of our website and services we provide, and to extend their functionality.
Similar to other commercial websites, the technology called "cookies" may be used to provide the User with tailored information. A cookie is a small piece of data that a website can send to the User's browser, which may then be stored on their hard drive, so we can recognize the user when they return. The User may be able to set their browser to notify them when they receive a cookie. Our cookies collect general information that enhances our ability to serve the User and measure the utility of our website.
A cookie cannot read personal data off a hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites; indeed, the only personal information a cookie can contain is information the User supplies him or herself. Accepting the cookies used on our website may give us access to information about the User's browsing behavior, which we may use to personalize their experience and track user traffic patterns, and to merge this info when the user registers. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our Users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information.
The User may browse most of Service's website without accepting cookies; however, some website functionality may be lost by the User disabling cookies on their computer. Information we collect may be used to enhance the use of our website, and to provide the User with a service that they ordered, arrange the website in the most customer friendly way, communicate special offers and featured items, and/or respond to any questions and suggestions.
The use of cookies by any partners, affiliates, tracking utility company or service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies.


Web Beacons
We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a User's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our Users' personal information.


Information Security
We believe that keeping personal information secure is one of our most significant responsibilities.
We restrict access to personal information about the User and the Participants to those employees and others who need to know that information to assist us in our business, or to provide products or services to the User. We safeguard personal information, according to the established security standards and procedures, by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to the personal data information.
All of our Users' and Participants' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are personally granted access to sensitive information.
When we request Users to enter sensitive information, such as their name, geographical address, email address, and a credit card number, it is encrypted and protected with the best encryption software in the industry SSL and processed through a reputable payment processor. While on the secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon at the bottom of web browsers, e.g. Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Internet Explorer, becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked or open, when the User is just 'surfing'.
ClickMeeting stores its servers in a highly secure server environment, with surveillance and support to prevent unauthorized access and maintain data security.
We cannot guarantee the security of the User's data while it is being transmitted over the Internet and through servers that are beyond our control. We strive to protect the User's personal information but ClickMeeting cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information they transmit to our website or Services. Any data transmissions the User makes over the Internet are done so at their own risk. Once we receive the data transmission, we make our best efforts to ensure its security and privacy on our systems.
Service in-meeting information is encrypted from the beginning till the end and only accessible by the User and Participants. "In-meeting information" includes all screen sharing data and chat information. Information about scheduled meetings and meetings such as time, organizer, subject of meeting, are placed on our web site and are available to the User and logged Participants that received an invitation from the User via email or other means of communication.


Additional Information


Blog/Forum
Our Web site offers a publicly accessible blog. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@clickmeeting.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.


Public Webpage
The profile for your webpage you create on our site will be publicly accessible unless otherwise indicated. You may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal.


Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of ClickMeeting. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.


Importing Contacts
Our web site offers you the opportunity to import your contacts via a CSV file into your address book. You should be aware that any information you provide in this area is voluntary. We collect the username and password for the email account you wish to import your contacts from and will only use it for that purpose.


Testimonials
With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@clickmeeting.com.


Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and the Google 1 Button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.


Facebook Connect
You can log in to our site using Facebook Connect. This service will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.




Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.


Contact
We need the User's help in keeping the personal information they have shared with us accurate and up-to-date.
For additional inquiries about the privacy of the User's information, they can always contact ClickMeeting via email at support@clickmeeting.com or by calling 1-877-725-425-2.
ClickMeeting Sp. z o.o. 
    ul.Arkonska 6, A4 
    80-387 Gdansk, POLAND.
25/02/2016




General Terms of Service
By subscribing to or registering with ClickMeeting or ClickWebinar ("Service"), you agree to use it in compliance with these General Terms of Service ("Terms of Service").
By purchasing, subscribing to, accessing, or otherwise using the Service (including but not limited to ordering the Service without the involvement of the Service's IT infrastructure by means of the individual service order form, which is subsequently executed by ClickMeeting), you are concluding an agreement ("Agreement") with ClickMeeting under the terms and conditions stated in this document. If you do not agree with these Terms of Service, please do not use the Service. We reserve the right to refuse to provide the Service to a potential User in our sole discretion.
Whenever used in these Terms of Service, the following defined terms shall apply:
"ClickMeeting" or "we" means the service provider – ClickMeeting Sp. z o.o., having its registered office in Gdansk, Arkonska 6, A4, 80-387, Poland, entered in the National Court Register kept by the District Court Gdansk North in Gdansk under the number (KRS) 0000604194, Tax ID number 5842747535;
"User" or "you" means any entity who purchases access to the Service for purposes relating to his trade, business, or profession; the Service is for the use of traders only; we do not conclude Agreements with consumers;
"Conference" means any online meeting organized using our Service;
"Participant" means any natural person who participates in the Conference;
"Stream" means uploading, posting, emailing, storing, streaming, linking to, transmitting, or otherwise making available the Content to Participants through the Service;
"Content" means any information, data, video, media, recordings, files, graphics, materials, and similar that are posted, uploaded, and/or downloaded into the User's account and/or Streamed during the Conference, including the content of chats (and any files uploaded during the chat) that take place during the Conference;
"Service" means an online ClickMeeting or ClickWebinar Service provided by ClickMeeting using the SaaS (Software-as-a-Service) model that enables you to create, participate in, and manage on-line conferences. The Service allows you to Stream your own audio and video conferences via the Internet using various features.
The free version of the Service, as opposed to the paid version, is always time-limited and may be limited in terms of access to certain features. The User may open only one free account within the Service.

I. Registration and Use of the Service
In order to use the Service an individual account in the Service ("Account") must be created. The Account may be accessed only with the use of the user name and password ("Login Details"). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login Details and the Account. You are also responsible for any use of your Account, especially for any activity of your Account users (“Multi-users”). Certain features of the Service enable you to specify the level at which the Service restricts access to the Account, the Conference(s) and Content. You are solely responsible for applying the appropriate level of access.
We also enable Users to create a free trial Account via Facebook and Microsoft Service. We also reserve the right to reject your subscription for any or for no reason, in particular if the Agreement has been previously terminated due to the User's breach of these Terms of Service.
On registration to the Service, you choose an Account type  and a subscription plan (the latter does not apply to the subscription for a free version of the Service); you also agree:

that you purchase access to the Service for purposes relating to your trade, business, or profession;
to provide, maintain, and promptly update your personal and business details so that they are as current, complete, and accurate as possible;
to comply with these Terms of Service, as well as the Privacy Policy;
to comply with all laws applicable to you, including local laws and laws related to the use of electronic means of communication, protection of personal data, and recording of communications;],
to receive commercial information about ClickMeeting's products and services;
to receive invoices by electronic means of communication – in the Billing History section in the Account.

Full access to the paid version of the Service is granted promptly after you have paid for your subscription in accordance with the chosen subscription plan.
You are solely responsible for notifying all Participants that personal data and information disclosed during the Conference can be transmitted to other Participants and third parties. You are obligated to inform the Participants that the use of the Service is subject to these Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy.
You may integrate your Account with certain third-party services. Such third-party services are not rendered by ClickMeeting. The use of third-party services may be subject to the terms of use established by such third parties. Upon successful integration with a third-party service you agree to the exchange of certain information and data (including confidential data) belonging to you or your Participants between ClickMeeting and a third party in order to enable you to take full advantage of the integration. All and any references and links to third-party services or websites, that appear on our websites are placed for your convenience only; we do not control or endorse any materials or information that are placed on third-party websites. You acknowledge that if you use any integration of your Account with any third-party services (including those listed in an appropriate ClickMeeting website tab) you are doing so at your own expense, risk and on your own responsibility.


II. Prohibited Practices
You are not allowed to use the Service in a manner that, intentionally or unintentionally, violates any applicable law, these Terms of Service, or any copyrights or any other rights of a third party or restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Service or could expose ClickMeeting to harm or liability. This rule applies also to the Content Streamed through the Service. To see what practices we regard as particularly abusive or unlawful, please click here.


uploading, posting, emailing, storing, linking to, Streaming or otherwise making available any Content that:
                
the User does not have full rights to use and publish on the Internet;
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, obscene, libelous, slanderous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another person's privacy, harmful to minors, tortuous, or otherwise objectionable by ClickMeeting;
is associated with pornography, adult-related material, child pornography, bigotry, racism, hatred, profanity, mail fraud, or any material which may be insulting to another person or an entity;
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party, including, but not limited to, unauthorized copying and posting of pictures, logos, software, articles, musical works and videos;
constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam or any other form of unlawful solicitation;
contains harmful content, including, without limitation, software viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, spy-ware, or any other files, software programs, or technology that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate services or any system, program, data or personal information, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party;
impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives;
violates any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation including, without limitation, those governing consumer protection, Internet tobacco sales, unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising;
offers or disseminates fraudulent goods, services, schemes, or promotions (e.g. make-money-fast schemes, chain letters, pyramid schemes) or engages in any unfair deceptive act or practice;
is associated with goods or services which sale or marketing is prohibited or requires permit, which the User or their Participants do not have (for example: drugs, narcotics, weapons of any kind and related items, nicotine and related, alcohol, medical services, any form of gambling or lottery-type services);
violates any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (including without limitation the laws and regulations governing export control, unfair competition, anti-discrimination, false advertising, consumer rights);


harvesting or collecting email addresses or other information using the Service for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited information;
using any hardware or software intended to damage or interfere with the proper and timely functioning of the Service or to surreptitiously intercept any system, data or personal information from our website, servers and/or the Service;
reproducing, modifying, reusing in another product or service, preparing derivative works of, reverse engineering, attempting to decipher any code of the Service, application or any software associated therewith or ClickMeeting website;
taking any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the website network or other ClickMeeting service infrastructure;
reselling, redistributing, licensing the Service to any third party or using it on a timeshare basis or otherwise generating profit from the Service or any of its part.




III. Content
You are solely responsible for the Conference Streaming, Conference subject, the activities of the Participant during Conferences, all Content, and for all activity with respect to your Account. Your responsibility extends to any links to other websites or resources or other third-party services that you use.
We do not verify, endorse, or claim ownership of any Content, and you retain all rights, titles, and interest in respect of your Content, with the exception of the materials which you take from our resources, in particular the collection of predesigned templates.
You are entitled to use materials that we render available to you solely to use the Service and add-ons for their intended purpose. Please note that our resources may include materials which are subject to third party’s copyright. You acknowledge and agree that we have the right at any time and at our sole discretion to remove such materials from our resources, disable access to such materials and/or demand that you immediately stop using them. If you do not satisfy our demand we will be entitled to delete such materials at our sole discretion, with no liability on our side. In aforementioned situations you will not be entitled to any reimbursement of any amount paid by you to us.
Unless otherwise set forth in these Terms of Service or stems from the specific nature of a given service (add-on), we do not store any Content, except as necessary for due provision of the Service.
ClickMeeting declares that it does not to monitor your and your Participants' activity occurring in connection with the Service. In the event that ClickMeeting becomes aware, however, of any possible violations of this Agreement, Terms of Service, or provisions of applicable law, ClickMeeting reserves the right to investigate such violations and may, at its sole discretion, immediately and without notice, suspend the Conference or access to the Account, terminate the Agreement, or block, change, alter, or remove Content, in whole or in part. In this case ClickMeeting shall not be liable for damages incurred by the User or Participants.
ClickMeeting is entitled, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, to disclose any information, including information about the User, in ClickMeeting's possession in connection with the User's use of the Service, to law enforcement or other government officials, as ClickMeeting in its sole discretion believes to be necessary or appropriate.


IV. Payments
The Service is provided on a prepaid basis. All fees for the Service shall be paid according to the subscription plan you have chosen and these Terms of Service.
If you have chosen credit card payment as your payment method, you agree to pay the subscription fee as a recurring payment, per the agreed payment plan. The amount of the recurring payment is based on the current pricing, which is presented on the Service website. You have the right to revoke your consent for the recurring payments being charged to your payment card. Users who pay for the Service using American Express payment cards are required to comply with any reasonable instructions given to us by American Express Payment Services Limited.
We reserve the right to change the fees for the Service at any time, including changing from a free service to a paid service and charging for services that were previously offered free of charge; provided, however, that we will provide you with 30-day prior notice and an opportunity to terminate your Account if you do not accept the changes.
All amounts paid under the Agreement are non-refundable. Any excess payment, which is the difference between the down payment and the amount due to ClickMeeting, shall be credited towards future payments for the Service, save as otherwise stated in these Terms of Service.
The Service fees do not include any additional third-party costs including phone call or data transmission costs charged by phone operators and/or data transmission providers.
You acknowledge that the Conference phone numbers provided by ClickMeeting under the Service are not toll-free numbers. ClickMeeting does not charge any additional fees from the Participants; however, the Participant will be charged for the connection by their phone operator in accordance with their subscription plan, unless you have purchased a suitable number of toll-free minutes from ClickMeeting for use by your Participants.
In the case of credit card payment, additional features (add-ons) specified in the Account panel may be offered to you (e.g. additional storage, additional storage for recordings, optional presenter, optional Streaming). The fee for the add-on shall be charged as a recurring payment, on terms consistent with the main subscription payment plan, unless otherwise decided upon purchase or such a settlement model is contrary to the nature of the add-on; upon payment for the add-on the specified amount shall be charged in the amount calculated in proportion to the number of remaining days of the current settlement period. Subsequent fees shall be charged in the full amount.
You are solely responsible for paying and remitting to the appropriate tax authorities all applicable taxes (withholding tax, sales tax, services tax, value-added tax (VAT), goods and services tax (GST), etc.) or duties imposed by any government entity or collecting agency except those taxes based on ClickMeeting's net income. In the event you fail to satisfy your tax and/or duty obligations specified herein, you will reimburse ClickMeeting upon demand for any taxes and/or duties paid on your behalf. In all cases, you shall pay the amounts due under this Agreement to ClickMeeting in full without any right of set-off or deduction.
The invoice will be placed in the billing section of the Account Panel promptly after we have received the payment. For settlement purposes it is assumed that a month has 30 days and a year has 365 days.
We reserve the right to inform you via email about expiring subscription and the amount of fee that needs to be paid in order to renew the subscription. If you do not pay for the Service despite the expiration of the subscription period, we will assume that you do not wish to renew your subscription, your Account will be canceled, and the Agreement will be terminated.


V. Technical Requirements
The media Streamed from a previously uploaded media file will work properly if you successfully uploaded the file in a recognizable format. Upon uploading a file to the Account, its format may be adjusted to the requirements of the Service. Such an adjustment might influence the video quality or other file features - You expressly agree that the quality of motion pictures or Streamed media files might differ from the quality of the original files.
ClickMeeting assures that the Service will work with the latest official version of Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, Chrome, Microsoft Edge and Opera web browsers.
In order to use the Service, including participating in Conferences, via certain mobile devices it may be necessary to download a relevant app in iTunes App Store or Google Play Store. To use the Service in the full audio-video range during the Conference it is necessary to have a webcam, microphone, and headset or loudspeaker connected to and recognized by your device and they should not be simultaneously used by another application.
In the case of integration through API you are obliged to independently integrate your website with the Service via API that we render available to you. ClickMeeting does not perform integration, but only provides API to Users.


VI. Service Availability
The Service may not be available in all countries and it may be unavailable for use in any particular location.
ClickMeeting may, at its sole discretion and without liability, change, modify, vary, or replace the features and functionalities of the Service or any provided equipment or software used to deliver the Service provided that this does not have a material adverse effect on the Service.
ClickMeeting may perform scheduled or emergency maintenance (including temporary suspension of the Service if necessary) to maintain or modify the Service without previous notice given to you. However, in the event of scheduled maintenance that would last for more than one day, ClickMeeting shall use reasonable efforts to give you at least one day's notice. Scheduled maintenance will be carried out with an aim of minimizing business interruption.


VII. Customer Service, Technical Support
We provide Users with Customer Support (Customer Success Team).
You may address all questions or doubts and report any complaints to the Customer Success Team using on-line chat or via our web form available here. You should provide us at least with the Account name and/or your name.
We shall ensure that the Customer Success Team responds as soon as possible and informs the User on the status of his case. Normally the response is provided within two business days after receiving a request.
We do not take any action in relation to "anonymous" requests.
We provide the User with technical support during the Conference. In order to obtain assistance, the User should choose the relevant option in the Account panel. When using technical support, the User should be aware that the Conference Content may be accessed and modified (if necessary) by the technical support assistant.


VIII. Data Protection
Detailed information regarding personal data protection and privacy is specified in the Privacy Policy, which constitutes an integral part of these Terms of Service.


IX. Intellectual Property
The Service, software, hardware, and all content included on our website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and video tutorials, product and brand names, are the property of ClickMeeting or its content suppliers and are protected by Polish, U.S., and European copyright laws.
ClickMeeting, ClickMeeting.com, ClickWebinar, ClickWebinar.com, (and other derivative domains) are trademarks and domains to which ClickMeeting has title in the Republic of Poland, the United States, the European Union, and other countries. Those trademarks may not be used in conjunction with other companies' products or services in any manner that may cause confusion among Users and potential Users, or in any manner that discredits ClickMeeting and/or its products and services.
Except as expressly allowed within the Service features, it is prohibited to delete, cover, change, or make impossible to read any trademark, copyright, or other proprietary notices associated within the Service software, application, the results of using that software, or in any content presented on the Service website. In particular, it is prohibited to remove or change the ClickMeeting logo from video files and images created using the Service.
Certain Service features may require downloading and installing ClickMeeting's application. In that event ClickMeeting agrees to provide you and/or the Participant with a limited, personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to use such application in accordance with these Terms of Service. You and the Participant may use such application only in connection with the use of the Service and cannot use the application for any other purpose and in any other manner than as intended by ClickMeeting.
ClickMeeting welcomes suggestions, ideas, comments, and/or feedback regarding many areas of Services and/or its websites (“Feedback”). We assume that Feedback provided to us is non-confidential and we are free to use such information on an unrestricted basis. The following terms shall apply to submissions of all Feedback: (i) upon submission to us ClickMeeting acquires all rights to all Feedback, without any compensation; (ii) ClickMeeting may freely and irrevocably use, disclose, reproduce, license, sublicense, distribute and otherwise commercially use the Feedback for any purpose without any territorial or time limitations, without royalty; (iii) ClickMeeting has no obligation to review or consider any submissions that include Feedback; (iv) ClickMeeting has no obligation to keep any submissions and/or Feedback confidential; and (v) it is not allowed to submit any Feedback to ClickMeeting that you have reason to believe is subject to any patent, copyright, or other intellectual property claim or right of any third party; or that is subject to license terms that seek to require any ClickMeeting product incorporating or derived from any Feedback, or other ClickMeeting intellectual property, to be licensed to or otherwise shared with any third party.


X. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liabilities
THE SERVICE AND THE WEBSITE ARE DISTRIBUTED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. IN PARTICULAR, CLICKMEETING DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, OR ERROR FREE. CLICKMEETING ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DELETION OF OR FAILURE TO STORE OR DELIVER THE CONTENT.
ClickMeeting exercises no control over and specifically denies any responsibility for the Content, accuracy, or quality of the Content and other information and/or data passing through its network or the Service provided, as well as for any messages received or transactions entered into through the Service. ClickMeeting assumes no responsibility for the deletion, destruction of, or failure to store or deliver the Content or for the security, privacy, storage, or transmission of other communications originating from or involving the use of the Service.
To the greatest extent permitted by law neither ClickMeeting nor its agents, employees, directors, officers, or suppliers shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage (even if ClickMeeting has been advised of the possibility of such a loss) including, but not limited to, loss of business revenue, loss of profits, loss of data, damage to reputation, failure to realize expected profits, pure financial loss or other commercial or economic loss or for any claim against the User by any third party resulting from or arising in any connection with the use, misuse, or inability to use the Service or from unauthorized access to or alteration of transmission or Content.
ClickMeeting's entire liability towards the User shall in no event exceed in the aggregate the amount paid by the User for the Service that is the subject of the claim in one month immediately preceding the date on which the User notifies ClickMeeting of such a claim, in respect of all claims under or related to the Services provided by ClickMeeting to the User.
The limitations, exclusions, and disclaimers in this Agreement shall apply irrespective of the nature of the cause of action, demand, or claim by the User or a third party, including, without limitation, breach of contract, negligence, tort, strict liability, or any other legal theory and shall survive a fundamental breach of this Agreement.
ClickMeeting is not responsible for:

any delay or failure in performance due to Force Majeure (the Force Majeure shall be deemed as an exceptional occurrence, caused by an external factor which cannot be foreseen and which could not be prevented. Force Majeure occurrences include in particular: war, natural disasters, strikes, breakdowns, distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks or other disruptions in telecommunication networks or data communication infrastructure, emergency government action and administrative measures, or activities of entities that affect the provision of the Service and whose activity is independent of ClickMeeting);
actions and omissions of third parties (including the User and Participants), especially use of the Account by the third parties taking the advantage of Login Details obtained from the User or in other circumstances beyond ClickMeeting's reasonable control;
failure of external conditions and networks which are necessary for use of the Service and are beyond ClickMeeting's reasonable control;
incorrect or false data provided by the User during the registration process.

The User agrees unconditionally to indemnify and hold harmless ClickMeeting and its officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against all claims, proceedings, liabilities, actions, damages, and costs (including reasonable attorney fees) arising from or related to (i) the use or misuse of the Service or any part of it, (ii) violation of these Terms of Service or applicable laws by the User, Participants, or a person accessing the Account, (iii) the User's or Participants' Content and activity.


XI. Term and Termination / Account Cancellation / Subscription Freezing
The term of this Agreement commences on the date of subscription to the Service by the User. Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of these Terms of Service, the Agreement shall continue for the term resulting from the subscription plan chosen by the User and automatically renew for consecutive terms.
You may suspend (freeze) your Account subscription for a maximum period of 90 (ninety) days (but not beyond the expiration date of your credit card) starting from the first day of the next subscription period for which the fees have yet not been charged (i.e. if you have paid your subscription for another 15 days, the "frozen" status will commence from day 16). During the suspension period:

ClickMeeting shall not charge any fees for providing the Service;
all Conference data, the Content, email messages, statistics, the User's and Participants' data shall be retained within the Service;
your unique meeting URL shall be retained.

You can unfreeze your Account by clicking the "Unfreeze" link in your Account Panel. The Account will be unfronen automatically 90 days after suspension unless the User does so himself/herself earlier. The fees shall be charged upon the resumption of the Account in accordance with the previously chosen subscription plan. If you do not unfreeze and pay for the Account during the above term or it proves impossible to charge the applicable fees, it will be assumed that the Agreement is terminated after lapse of that period and all of your data (including Content, email messages, and statistics, recordings, and other Conference data) will be permanently deleted. This operation is irreversible.
You may terminate the Service at any time by cancelling your Account. Account cancellation is considered the Agreement termination. In order to cancel the Account, please follow the instructions provided on this web page; email or telephone termination is not sufficient to terminate the Service and cancel the Account. In the case of frozen Accounts, Accounts ordered via ClickMeeting consultants, as well as when encountering any problems with Account cancellation, please contact our Customer Success Team. The cancellation process is completed once the user receives an email confirmation.
Upon Account cancellation, the Service (Agreement) termination (irrespective of the basis of and reasons for the termination) or expiration, the User loses access to the Account and all the Content and data stored within the Account. The User shall be entitled to resume the Account (together with all Conference data, the Content, email messages, statistics, the User's and Participants' data) within a period of 60 days (in the case of a free-of-charge Account) or within a period of 90 days (in the case of a paid Account) from the date on which the Account was cancelled or the Service (Agreement) was terminated or its term expired. The User must contact the Customer Success Team to resume the Account. In order to resume the Account, the User must also pay the applicable fees for the subsequent subscription period. ClickMeeting reserves the right to refuse Account resumption without stating any reasons (particularly if ClickMeeting has previously terminated the Agreement or suspended the Service). In the event that the Account is not resumed during the above periods (60 or 90 days), the Account and all data stored within the Account (including Content, email messages and statistics, recordings, and other Conference data) will be permanently deleted.
We reserve the right to terminate the Agreement or suspend the Service with immediate effect and to refuse any and all current or future use of the Service in the event that we are ordered to do so by any court or other public authority or if you violate material obligations resulting from these Terms of Service or applicable legal provisions. To see what activities we particularly regard as violations of our Terms of Service, please click here.


the User is in default of any payment due to ClickMeeting,
the User or any other person for which the User is responsible, engages in prohibited practices as defined in Section II of Terms of Service,
the User breaches the rules on using our trademarks and other intellectual property,
the User provided grossly inaccurate, unreliable or false registrant contact details, or failed to keep such contact details up to date
the User paid for the Service with payment instrument which they are not entitled to use


Unless otherwise provided in the binding provisions of law, you shall not be entitled to any partial or total reimbursement or cancellation of any fees or payments already paid or which are due in accordance with Section IV of these Terms of Service. You are also required to pay all fees that accrue until the termination date.
The User is not entitled to terminate the Agreement concluded for a definite period outside ClickMeeting’s IT infrastructure (particularly, by means of the individual service order form) before the lapse of the agreed term. In the event that the User terminates the Agreement in violation of the above condition, the User shall be obligated to settle all the fees which would accrue until the lapse of the specified Agreement term. Any fees paid in advance are non-refundable. ClickMeeting shall issue the invoice including the outstanding fees to be paid by the User due to early termination within 14 days.
We reserve the right to terminate the Agreement at any time without cause, with immediate effect, without incurring any liability in this respect, except that we will refund a pro rata portion of any prepaid amounts for the subscription to the Service.


XII Final Provisions
If any provision of these Terms of Service is held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable.
ClickMeeting reserves the right to change these Terms of Service at any time by posting the revised document on the Service website and/or by sending an email to the last email address you have given to ClickMeeting. These Terms of Service shall be effective immediately with respect to any continued or new use of the Service, unless you terminate these Terms of Service within 10 (ten) days. The most current version of the Terms of Service shall be available at any time on the Service website.
We may assign our rights and delegate our obligations in whole or in part to an affiliate or subcontractor without your consent. Other than the above, neither party may assign or delegate this Agreement without the other party’s prior consent.
These Terms of Service shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the Republic of Poland, excluding any such laws that might direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The Polish court (with the venue of ClickMeeting' registered office) shall be the governing jurisdiction.
The Terms of Service in this version are valid from 2016-09-27.


