

CLICKMEETING PRIVACY POLICY
If you don’t have much time, please find below a summary of how ClickMeeting processes your data.
Summary

ABOUT US. We are ClickMeeting spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością with its registered office in Gdańsk, ul. Arkońska 6/A4, 80-387 Gdańsk, KRS 0000604194, NIP 5842747535, and we process the data, including Personal Data, of our Customers and the Users of our Website as their controller. We also act as the processor – when we store the Personal Data entrusted by our Customers and allow them to carry out operations on such data using our tools and services. Read more.
YOUR RIGHTS. You have the right to gain access, correct or delete your Personal Data. In some cases, you may also have other rights, such as the right to withdraw your consent, to object to the use of your data or the right to data portability, as explained in detail below. Read more.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESS. We process data to provide the highest standard of service to our Customers and Website Users and to efficiently do business. The scope of the collected data and how they are used depend on how you use the Website and services, and on your privacy settings. We collect data that you give us yourself, for example while filling out the form on the Website, enrolling on our webinar or creating a Service Account. We also collect the content and data you create, send and receive from other Users. We collect information about the applications, browsers and devices you use to access the Website or our Services, as well as about their interactions with the Website or the Services. We also receive data from third parties. Read more.
WHY WE PROCESS YOUR DATA. As the data controller, we will process your data for example to allow you to create an Account, provide you with our Service and if you want – also with marketing materials. In order to adapt our Services, Website and content of messages to your preferences, we do profiling. We have the right to process your data for different reasons.  The most important one is that we need it to carry out the contract concluded with you the moment you accept the ClickMeeting Terms of Service.  There are also other reasons that allow us to use the data, for example preparing an answer to your queries or your consent to receive our newsletter. Read more.
WHO WE DISCLOSE YOUR DATA TO. We disclose your data to service providers who support or assist us. These are companies from the group of affiliates or third parties with whom we have entered into appropriate agreements, whether within or outside the European Union. We may also disclose your data to public authorities, such as the Police, the Tax Office, if so requested under applicable laws. Read more.
WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES. We use cookies (small text files saved on your device) and other similar technologies to improve efficiency and offer increasingly improved functionalities to the Website Users and Service Customers. Analysis of data from a cookie shows us which content on our Website you find the most interesting and which is less popular. Cookies allow us to also store your preferences and settings, to handle your logging in the Service Account, fight fraud, and display targeted advertisements. We also allow some other entities to use cookies in line with the description in our Privacy Policy. You may disable cookies and other similar technologies used by us and our service providers on your own at any time. Depending on the technology used, the disabling may take place either through web browser settings or through the opt-out option available on the service provider's site. Read more.

Please read the entire content of our Privacy Policy below to fully understand how we will process your data and how you can exercise your related rights.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy lays down the rules of protecting ClickMeeting Service Customers and Website Users in connection with the processing of their data. We value your trust and we do the utmost to help you feel in control of your data. Below we have described, as transparently as possible, the scope of the data we process in connection with the use of our Service and Website, the purposes and methods of the processing, the data security rules and your rights related to the processing.
Use of the Website or the Service means acceptance of all the rules followed by ClickMeeting so please learn their content before you begin to use our Services or Website. If you do not agree to the rules laid down in this Privacy Policy, do not commence the use of our Services and Website.

I. Who are we and how can you contact us?
1. ClickMeeting as a Data Controller
Controller of your Personal Data provided in connection with using the Service or the Website is ClickMeeting spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością with its registered office in Gdansk, Poland.
Our contact details:

address: ul. Arkońska 6/A4, 80-387 Gdańsk

We have created a dedicated e-mail address for you to contact us to exercise your rights, give or withdraw consents or for any other issues connected with the protection of Personal Data: privacy@clickmeeting.com.
You may also contact us through the contact form available on: https://clickmeeting.com/contact.
2. Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer here at ClickMeeting. You may contact the Data Protection Officer in all matters related to the processing of Personal Data and to use of the related rights. You may contact the Data Protection Officer by:

e-mail: dpo@clickmeeting.com
in writing: Inspektor Ochrony Danych (Data Protection Officer), ClickMeeting Sp. z o.o., ul. Arkońska 6/A4, 80-387 Gdańsk

3.ClickMeeting as a Data Processor
In some circumstances we also process Personal Data on your behalf. In these cases you determine the scope of Personal Data you want us to process and purposes for which you use our tools and Service. You can find more about this matter in section VII.3. of this Privacy Policy.


II. What data do we collect?
The scope of the data we process depends on the context of their collection and on the purposes of their processing.
If you are asked to give your Personal Data, you have the right to refuse. And if you decide against providing the data required to use a particular Service, you may be unable to use some elements of the Service or to order some Service plans.
1. Data you give us directly
We receive some data directly from you, for instance when you are creating a Service Account, filling out a contact form, managing the Account, filling out your profile details, enrolling on a webinar organised by ClickMeeting, contacting us for technical assistance, posting comments on our blog.
The Personal Data we receive from you include primarily first name, last name, e-mail address and other contact details. If you subscribe to the fee-based full version of the Service, we also process your payment data.
You may also post various files and data during a Conference held using our Service, which includes importing your contacts and building the list of Users – if you do this, we will process such data for you. For instance, if you want to present presentations during a Conference, you must first add the file to the Service Account, and we must download the content of that file to allow you to display the presentation to the Participants during the Conference.
When you communicate with us to give us an opinion on our Website, Service, published content, to receive technical support, to receive dedicated offering – we collect the information you provide to use within such communications. If you contact us directly, for instance to receive customer service, the phone calls or chats with our representatives may be monitored or recorded.
2. Data received from third-party entities
We also receive data from third-party sources. They may include:

social media and Google or Microsoft, for instance if you are giving us access to data in your mail account or social media network when you are creating an Account;
the partners whom we work to deliver marketing content;
publicly available sources, such as the Central Registration and Information on Business (CEiDG) database or the National Court Register (KRS);
Participants of Conferences organised through the Service, whether you participate in them or organise them.

3. Data obtained automatically during the use of the Website or the Services
Whenever you use our Services or the Website, also as a Conference Participant, we record your visits and your interactions with Services or the Website. They include data about your use of the Service or the Website, the performance of our Services and the Website, the functionalities you use, the Website pages your visit and the links or content you click, the setting you choose, the problems that arise during your use of the Services or the Website. These activities are saved for instance in our system and application logs. In connection with the above activities, we receive information abut the URL address of the website from which you are coming and of the destination website. We also receive information about your IP address, the proxy server, the operating system, the web browser, the ID of the device, location data.
Furthermore, when you contact us for troubleshooting or support, we collect detailed data connected with the incident you are reporting, including information about the condition and configuration of your device and Service at the moment of error occurrence and analysis.
We treat all the above information as Personal Data when they are tied to your Service Account or with other “hard data” that identify you directly. Otherwise such data are in principle non-personal data.
4. Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies represent a technology that saves data and collects them from the devices which you use to visit our Website or use the Service.  Cookies are created automatically by the web browser you use and they can only be read by the site from which they come from.
We use cookies and similar technologies to improve performance and offer our Website and Service users further functionality improvements. We also allow some other entities to use cookies in line with the description in our Privacy Policy. You will lean more about cookies and similar technologies in Chapter V of this Privacy Policy.


III. How do we use your data? Your data and how we process them.
The rules that govern the processing of your data differ depending on whether you are our Customer or a Website User. The purposes, scope of the data we process and legal grounds of such processing vary. Below you will find information about the processed data in relation to the particular purposes for which we need them.
1. In order to provide Services
We process your data because this is required for you to use the Service or Website. In other words, for you to be able to register as a Customer or order our materials as a User, we must process your Personal Data because otherwise we would be unable to provide you with the Service (necessity for contract performance or service provision).
ClickMeeting's Service provision includes the following actions on the part of ClickMeeting: administrative activities connected with the conclusion of the Service contract under the ClickMeeting Terms of Service, Account creation and Customer authentication on the Website as well as Service provision and delivery of the content ordered by Users, also Users who do not have an account but use the Website, actions taken to provide Customer and User service, complaint examination, invoicing, fee collection, exercise of claims, if any, and Service quality control.
What data do we use and what for?
For Account creation and Customer authentication on the Website we use:

Registration data (i.e. e-mail address, first name / business name, address, phone number) and your password (hashed).

To provide you with Service (i.e. once you have logged into the Account as our Customer or a person authorised by our Customer), we process the following data:

Data specified in Account details.
Personal Data contained in the content submitted or shared by the Customer through the Service or uploaded to the Account.
Data generated automatically in connection with your activity on the Website or in the Service (described more broadly in II.3. of the Privacy Policy).

You may use the Website in a way that does not require creating an Account, e.g. by downloading handbooks and other training materials, subscribing to a newsletter regarding new entries on our blog https://blog.clickmeeting.com or in the Knowledge Base, posting comments on the blog, enrolling on a webinar, a course or another event organised by us or with our participation. Then, to allow the use of the Website, we process the following User data:

Data generated automatically in connection with your activity on the Website (described more broadly in II.3. of the Privacy Policy),
Data in the forms, required for you to be sent the ordered materials, participate in the selected events, take an action of your choice, i.g. first name and e-mail address.

2. Legitimate business interests
We process data for purposes connected with ClickMeeting’s legitimate interests, depending on the types of ties between us and our Customers or Users.
What data do we use and what for?
a) For analytical and development purposes. To manage Service and Website use statistic, to improve and facilitate Service and Website use and to ensure the IT security of the Website, we process the following data:

E-mail address,
Data generated automatically in connection with your activity on the Website or in the Service (described more broadly in II.3. of the Privacy Policy).

We believe that we have a legitimate interest in analysing the Service and Website performance, their use and the satisfaction of our Customers and Users. We also believe that the processing of such data is beneficial to our Customers and Users as our goal is to improve the Website performance and provide higher quality of Service.
b) To the claim and defence of rights. If necessary, we process the following data for the establishment, pursuit, exercise or defence of legal claims in court and before other state authorities:

Data specified in Account details.
Data regarding Service or Website use insofar as required to establish a claim.
Other data as required to prove the existence of a claim, including the extent and circumstances of damage.

We believe that we have a legitimate interest in data processing where required for us to claim damages in connection with Service or Website use that is unlawful or in violation of the Terms of Service or to defend such claims.
c) To answer questions. To handle your questions, requests and complaints, if any, we may process the following data you have provided:

Data specified in Account details.
Data regarding your activity within the Service or Website that are related to your question, request or complaint.
Data included in the question, request or complaint and in the enclosed materials.

We believe that we have a legitimate interest in replying to the requests or questions you have submitted through the existing contact channels. We assume that the processing of such data is also beneficial for you because it allows us to properly assist and reply to your communications.
d) To check customer satisfaction and improve Services. We may process the following data to check the satisfaction from and facilitate and improve the use of the Service or Website:

First name and e-mail address.
Replies to our questions contained in surveys and forms used in the study.

We believe that we have a legitimate interest in checking whether our Customers and Users are satisfied and how we could improve the quality of the Website and our Services.
e) For fraud prevention. We may process the following data to prevent, detect and fight fraud and violations, to protect our Customers and Users from such fraud and to ensure network and information security:

Data specified in Account details.
Data regarding the activity on the Website or in the Service insofar as required to analyse and verify a potential fraud or violation.

We believe that we have a legitimate interest in conducting the required verifications to detect and prevent potential fraud and violations. We understand that the processing of such data is beneficial for everyone, and in particular for you and your clients, because it helps us establish the measures to protect your and your recipients against transmission of malware, attempts to disrupt your Conferences or fraud attempts by third parties.
3. Sending marketing and promotional communications
We use your Personal Data for those purposes based on the consent you have expressly granted.
What data do we use and what for?
We may process the following data in order to send the Website Users marketing and promotional communications about our Website and Services:

Registration data, i.e. first name/business name and e-mail address

4. Marketing purposes, including the development of your customer profile
We want our Service and Website, including the communications addressed to you, such as marketing communications, to match your needs and preferences as much as possible (profiling). Below we describe what this is about.
What data do we use and what for?
In order to develop the sales and marketing of our Service, and to create Customer or User profile matching your interests and preferences, we process:

Registration data, i.e. first name/business name, e-mail address, address.
Data specified in Account details.
Data generated automatically in connection with your activity on the Website or in the Service (described more broadly in II.3. of the Privacy Policy).
Data collected through cookies and tracking technologies.

If you have agreed as a User to receive marketing communications from us or established a business relationship with us by subscribing to the Service we will adapt advertising and marketing content regarding our Services to the profile. We will not send you any communications regarding the products or services of other entities.
We believe that we have a legitimate interest in analysing how our Services and Website are used by the Customers and Users so that we can improve them and help increase the number of Customers and Users who use them.
Website Users who wish to receive marketing communications to the specified e-mail actions act based on voluntary, conscious and definite consent so we believe that they can reasonably expect us to send such communications; similarly, our Customers, who ordered the Service, can reasonably expect to receive news and other marketing communication pertaining to our Service. These people also expect the communications they receive to match their interests. Adapted marketing communications addressed to Customers let them use beneficial special offers and allow them to make an optimum use of our Service.
At the same time, we do the profiling only based on the data provided by them or data regarding their activity within the Service or Website. We are interested only in information related to your use of the Service or Website and not what you do on other websites.
As a result, we believe that our interest is legitimate, lawful and free of violations of any overriding User or Customer rights.


IV. Who we disclose your data to
1. Data transfer within the Service
Profile Page – the data on your profile page are fully visible outside the Service area (e.g. to users of third party search engines). We believe that default settings where the profile page is public are expected and beneficial for you, your Participants and invitees because this helps you promote your activity and planned Conferences online and the concerned parties to obtain the required information about you and your planned public events. You may decide about the availability of your profile website at any time and about the visibility of some of its parts through your Account settings.
Conferences - if you participate in a Conference organised through the Service, your first and last name, if you provided it during registration for the event, as well as any information you provide during the Conference chat may be visible to other Participants of the event. Additionally, if the Conference presenter gives you an audio or video transmission authorisation, your voice or image will be shared with other Participants of that Conference.
Integrations - if you integrate your Service Account with services of other providers, the content and data you have uploaded to your Account may be shared with such providers or downloaded from such services. For instance, you may integrate your Account with your CRM account to automatically export there your list of Participants from Conference or integrate with your mailbox account and import your address book to you Account to use to send invitations to an event you organise through the Service.
2. Other data recipients
We transfer your data to the following categories of recipients:

Processors. We use providers who process your Personal Data only at our instruction, as processors acting on our behalf. They provide services covering certain functionalities of the Service (sending e-mails), hosting services, Customer service support and services connected with security incident tracing and response, troubleshooting and problem solving in the Service or on the Website, for the purpose of Website traffic analysis and analysis of the success of marketing campaigns.
Other controllers. We work with entities who do not act exclusively on our instructions and who independently establish the purpose and methods of processing your Personal Data. We use the services of such third parties (controllers) to reach you with our marketing communications outside the Website. Their services involve presenting our marketing communications to you on websites other than the Website. To that end, the third-party controllers install e.g. a code or pixel to collect information about your activity within the Website. You will learn more about this in Chapter V of this Privacy Policy.
Public authority. We provide your Personal Data if requested by authorised public authorities in connection with their legal obligation to perform a public function. We provide the data exclusively at a written request of the authority filed on a case-by-case basis.
ClickMeeting affiliates. We provide your Personal Data to GetResponse Sp. z o.o., a company with personal ties to ClickMeeting, to efficiently provide Services to Customers.

In addition, we may share information that does not represent Personal Data with the public, especially in the form of aggregate information about trends in Website and Service use, and communicate them to other partners, including publishers and providers of analytical technologies. We also allow specific providers to collect data from your browser for advertising and measurement purposes using cookies or similar technologies.
3. To which countries are my data transferred?
The providers to whom we transfer Personal Data are based mostly in Poland and in other Countries of the European Economic Area (EEA), e.g. the Netherlands or Ireland. Some of them are based outside of the EEA. In connection with the transfer of your Personal Data outside the EEA, we have made sure that our providers signed appropriate data processing agreements with us and gave their guarantees of top-level data protection. Depending on the provider, these guarantees arise from:

participation in the Privacy Shield established under Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2016/1250 of 12 July 2016 on the adequacy of the protection provided by the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, based on Article 45(1) of the GDPR; learn more about the programme on https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome, or
Commission Decision of 20 December 2001 on the adequate protection of personal data provided by the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, under Article 45(1) of the GDPR https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A02002D0002-20161217, or
the obligation to apply standard contractual clauses adopted by the Commission (EU) based on Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR;



V. Cookies and similar technologies
1. Can you disable cookies and other similar technologies and how?
We mention this first – you may disable cookies and other similar technologies used by us and our service providers on your own at any time.
Depending on the technology used – the data storage, the disabling may take place either through web browser settings or through the opt-out option available on the service provider's site. Detailed information about changes of settings and configuration of the web browser and the opt-out mechanism is provided below.
How can you disable cookies?
The web browser you use most probably allows cookies by default but you can change this any time. But remember that change of settings may cause problems with proper use of certain Website or Service elements and block proper upload of page, especially where logging in to the Account is required.
The method of disabling cookies depends on your web browser. Please read below how you can disable cookies on your device in Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera and Internet Explorer.
How to disable other technologies?
Solution providers whose services we use on the pages of our websites allow the User to disable the default settings of a service – through opt-out function. You will find the list of the providers of such solutions along with addresses of sites with more information about the possibility of disabling them here.
For example, if you want to disable the HotJar service, click here: https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out, and then proceed as instructed.
2. Cookies and similar technologies – types
As we have mentioned, cookies represent a technology that saves data and collects them from the devices which you use to visit our Website or use the Service.
Aside from cookies on the Website and within the Service, we and the providers of the tools and services that we use apply other technologies that allow to save information in your system/web browser through data storage (Session Storage, Local Storage, IndexedDB).
We also include within the Website and the Service partial codes of the analytical tools we receive from other providers that permit saving cookies in the domains of those services. We use these solutions to monitor the quality of our Services, Website functionality, their performance and to monitor the behaviour of Customers and Users. See below for a description of the types of cookies and similar technologies.




TECHNOLOGY TYPE
DESCRIPTION of application




Session cookies

                        Session cookies are created in the system-user browser each time a user session is created, i.e. after the browser connects with the site.
                        Session cookies expire after the user session expires – e.g, after the web browser window is closed. The information contained in session cookies are then automatically deleted.
                    


Persistent cookies

                        Persistent cookies are created in the system – in the user’s browser after the first visit on the site or after completing a certain action.
                        Unlike session cookies, persistent cookies are not deleted upon the end of the user’s session. Persistent cookies are deleted by the user’s browser automatically after a specific period. They can also be deleted manually by the user.
                    


Session Storage
Data storage with the same function as cookies but with much larger data capacity (cookies have limitations connected with their quantity and the quantity of the data they can contain). Information from Session Storage is recorded and read only if clearly requested by the server, and sent to the website user’s browser. The data gathered in Session Storage are deleted just like session cookies – after the browser window is closed.


Local Storage
Data storage for information that are kept permanently in the system/web browser of the user until deleted. Data saved in Local Storage are not automatically available through the web server presenting a particular site but by relevant scripts (java script, flash) placed on the website or sent to the user’s browser from other servers (e.g. through placement of a partial code coming from another web server – Facebook, Twitter, Google social media icons).


IndexedDB
Data storage representing an internal database of a web browser that is used to store large data quantities. The storage makes it possible to store data in a structured form and as files. Data stored as objects to which access is limited only for specific data sources – the domains or subdomains from which they were saved.




The current list of our partners whose services we use or whose technologies we place on the Website or in the Service is available here.
For instance, in the area of the Website (excluding the area of Accounts and the Service itself), we use the services provided by HotJar Ltd., which involve providing aggregate information in the form of a heatmap and conversion path, recording the user’s movements on the site, conducting research and surveys on our websites. The privacy protection rules for the HotJar service are available on https://www.hotjar.com/privacy. According to the privacy protection rules, HotJar’s service does not entail collecting and processing any User information considered as Personal Data.
3 Why do we use cookies and similar technologies?
We use cookies and similar technologies to improve performance and offer our Website and Service users further functionality improvements. Analysis of the data saved based on the use of cookies and similar technologies shows which content is the most interesting for the Users and Customers, and which content is less popular.
At the same time, use of anonymous cookies and similar technologies allows us to present better content without the need to send surveys and act through trial and error. We are able to define what can be easily improved and which elements to avoid, which ultimately renders our Website and Services more user-friendly. Below you will find a detailed description of use of particular technologies.




PURPOSE
TECHNOLOGY TYPE
SCOPE OF USE




Analytics and statistics

                        Cookies
                        Local Storage
                        Session Storage
                        IndexedDB
                    
The information processed in such storage is used for analysing, developing statistics, monitoring the behaviour of Users and Customers on the Website and in the Services, and presenting our advertisement (on our Website and on other sites managed by the marketing platforms we use), which ultimately helps us improve the Website and the Services.


User authorisation
Cookies
The information processed in such storage is used for User authorisation in the IT System of the Service. With the information contained in such storage, we are able to properly recognise a Service User.


Service configuration

                        Cookies;
                        Local Storage
                    
The information processed in such storage is used to store the preferred settings you have chosen within the Website and the Services. With the information contained in such storage we can memorise the settings and configuration of the Website and the Services and of selected elements, page views.


Interface language settings
Cookies;
The information processed in such storage is used to store the Website or Service language settings you have chosen. With the information contained in such storage we can always display the right language version for you.


Advertising
Cookies;
The information processed in such storage is used to deliver general advertising to the Users and the Customers as well as advertising matching their preferences.






VI. Your rights. You have control over your data
1. General Information
We make sure that our Customers and Users can exercise their rights concerning their data.
You may exercise your rights by submitting your request through the contact form or to the following email address privacy@clickmeeting.com.  All you need to do is to inform us about the reason behind your request and specify the right you want to exercise.
If you have an Account in the Service, you can exercise some of your rights directly in Privacy Settings after you log in to your Account. Please remember that if you change your Privacy Settings, it may take us a little time to apply your changes in our systems for technical reasons. That’s why during this time our system may for example still send you an email message you have unsubscribed from while your settings are being updated.
If we decide this is necessary for identification purposes, we may ask you some additional questions or ask you to provide us with additional documents to confirm your identity.
2. Right to give and withdraw your consent
If we ask for consent, you can always choose whether to give it or not. In addition, you may withdraw any consent you have granted while creating an Account or using the Website at any time. This also applies to:

to the processing of your e-mail address so that we can send you marketing communications by electronic means to that e-mail address,
to the collection of your data through cookies. More about this in Chapter V of the Privacy Policy.

Consent withdrawal is effective as of the moment of withdrew it. Your withdrawal does not affect any prior processing of your data. Consent withdrawal does not have any negative consequences for you. Still, you may become unable to further use some functionalities of the Service or Website which the law only allows us to provide if we have your consent (e.g. the newsletter).
You can withdraw your consent using a few simple methods:

in the Privacy Settings in your Customer Account
by clicking “unsubscribe” in the message you have received
for consent to cookies – in your browser settings
as described in Chapter I of this Privacy Policy

We treat withdrawal of your consent to marketing communication as your objection to profiling for marketing purposes.
3. Right of access
You have the right to receive information on whether or not we process your Personal Data from us. If we do, you have the right to receive:

information about the rules according to which we process your Personal Data,
access to your Personal Data,
a copy of your Personal Data.

If you have your Account in the Service, you are able to obtain direct access to the majority of your Personal Data at any time after logging in the Account.
We will not charge you for the first copy of your data. For any other requests for copies of data, we may charge a fee corresponding to the administrative costs connected with preparing that information.
4. Right to rectification
You have the right to demand correcting and completing Personal Data you have provided. You may do this on your own in Privacy Settings in your Account. In respect of other Personal Data, you have the right to request that we rectify them (if they are incorrect) or supplement them (if they are incomplete).
5. Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
In the cases specified by the law, you have the right to request that we erase the Personal Data that concern you. We will treat a request to erase all Personal Data as a request to delete your Account.
You have the right to request Personal Data erasure if:

the data processing violates the law or if we have to erase the data to satisfy a legal obligation,
your Personal Data are no longer required for the purposes for which they were processed,
you withdrew your consent to Personal Data processing (insofar as the consent represented a legal ground for the processing),
you have objected to the processing of your Personal Data for marketing purposes,
you have objected to the processing of your Personal Data for the purpose of statistics regarding Service or Website use and satisfaction research, and the objection was considered justified.

We will retain some of your Personal Data despite your request to erase them if this is required for us to satisfy a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of claim. This applies in particular to such Personal Data as: first name, last name, e-mail address, history of using the Service or Website; we retain this data for the purpose of examination of any complaints and claims connected with the use of the Service or Website.
6. Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request restriction of the processing of your Personal Data. If you make such a request, you will be unable to use certain functionalities of the Service or Website until your request is considered is the use of such functionalities will entail the processing of the data covered by the request. We will not send you any communications, including marketing communications, either.
You have the right to request restriction of the use of your Personal Data:

When you question the correctness of your Personal Data – we will then limit their use for the time required to check the correctness of your data but not for more than 30 days,
If the processing of your data is unlawful, and you request restriction of processing instead of data erasure,
When your Personal Data are not longer required for the purposes for which we have collected or used them but you need them to establish, exercise or defend claims.
If you have objected to the use of your Personal Data – the restriction then takes place for the time required to determine whether, due to your particular situation, the protection of your interests, rights and freedoms overrides the interests we pursue by processing your Personal Data.

7. Right to object to data processing
You have the right to object to the use of your Personal Data if we process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interests. We have already described such cases above in Chapter III of this Privacy Policy.
In particular, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, which include creating your customer profile. In such a case, we will not longer process your data for that purpose and we will no longer send you marketing information.
Additionally, withdrawal of the consent to the marketing communications regarding our Services will mean your objection to the processing of your data for direct marketing purposes, including for the development of your customer profile.
In relation to the processing described in section III.2 of the Privacy Policy, if your objection turns out to be justified and we will have no other legal ground to process your Personal Data, we will delete the data to the processing of which you objected.
8. Right to data portability
If you have created an Account with us or agreed to the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to receive the Personal Data that concern you which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable and interoperational format that permits sending them to another controller. We will send you your Personal Data in the form of a csv file. The csv format is a commonly used, machine-readable format that permits sending the received Personal Data to another controller.
If technically feasible, you have the right to request that we send your Personal Data directly to anther controller. Just remember that controllers are not legally obligated to keep technically compatible processing systems.
9. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Please be informed that you have the right to complain about the processing of your Personal Data to a supervisory authority; in Poland this is the President of the Personal Data Protection Office, contact details: ul. Stawki 2, 00-193 Warsaw, Poland.


VII. Other useful information
1. Do I have to give ClickMeeting my data?
We sometimes ask you for your Personal Data. Some data (marked as mandatory) in registration forms are required for Account registration or shipment of the ordered materials or for participation in an event of your choice. Their consequence is inability to use some or all of the Website or Service functionalities. Any data other than mandatory and Data specified in the Account details are given on a voluntary basis.
2. How long do we retain your data?
If you are our customer, we retain the Personal Data of third parties which you have provided to us for processing for as long as you have an Account in the Service.  After Account deactivation, your data will be retained for 30 days, only to allow you to reactivate you’re Account, should you wish to do this. At that time, your data will only be processed for your account and they will not be subject to any other operations, unless we are otherwise required under applicable laws or by competent authorities.
We retain data of Users who are not our Customers for the time corresponding to the life cycle of the cookies saved on their devices.
We will process the Personal Data of our newsletter subscribers or those who have agreed to receive marketing communications from us until they unsubscribe from the newsletter or the materials.
Upon the expiry of the above periods, your Personal Data will be anonymised, except for the following data: first name, last name, e-mail address, history of Service use, information about the consents granted – we will retain such data for another period as required for the purpose of complaint examination, compliance with accounting and tax legislation and handling of claims connected with the use of the Service or Website.
3. Why do I enter into a personal data processing agreement with ClickMeeting?
If you are our Customer and you run a business within the European Economic Area or in any other cases where the GDPR applies to your business, you entrust the processing of the Personal Data needed for Service provision to ClickMeeting on the terms as set forth in the Personal Data Processing Agreement, which forms and integral part of the Terms of Service and is available for download in the Customer Account.
In respect of the Personal Data you entrust to us for processing, you are the one to decide about the purposes and methods of processing such data as their controller or you act on behalf of the controller of such data. Make sure you have secured consents to the processing of the data which you entrust to us.
4. Does ClickMeeting process personal data of children or special categories of data?
Acting as a data controller, we do not process the Personal Data of children and we do not collect special categories of data.
The Service and the Website are addressed to people of legal age, that is over the age of 18 (eighteen) and those who run a business. By commencing the use of the Service or Website, you declare that you are 18. If you are a minor, please do not give us any information, personal data in particular.
If you entrust us with the processing of special categories of Personal Data or Personal Data of children, you represent that you have the legally required consents to the processing of the special categories of Personal Data listed in Article 9 of the GDPR, the Personal Data relating to criminal convictions and offences referred to in Article 10 of the GDPR and Personal Data of children, and that you consider the security measures put in place by ClickMeeting as sufficient for the protection of the entrusted Personal Data.
5. How does ClickMeeting protect my Personal Data?
We have put appropriate and sufficient measures in place to ensure the security of your Personal Data. The Website uses encrypted data transmission (SSL, secure socket layer) during registration and logging in, which ensues the protection of any data that may identify you and makes it much harder to intercept the access to your Account by unauthorised systems or persons.
More about security.
6. Update of our Privacy Policy
We may amend and supplement the Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. We will inform you about any changes or supplements by posting relevant information on the Website, and in the case of major changes we may also send you a notice to your e-mail address or to your Account.
The Privacy Policy does not limit any rights you have under the Terms of Service and applicable laws.


VIII. Basic terms
Here are the basic terms that will help you better understand this Policy:




1.
Personal Data
The data of our Customers, data entrusted to us by our Customers for processing and data of our Users, processed in connection with the use of the Service or Website. Personal Data are only such data that represent information about an identified or a directly or indirectly identifiable natural person, i.e. such data as first name, last name, e-mail address etc. In the classification of information to Personal Data we consider objective factor, such as available technology at the time of the processing, and the cost and time required to identify a person.


2.
ClickMeeting (us)
ClickMeeting Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością with its registered office in Gdańsk, ul. Arkońska 6/A4, 80-387 Gdańsk, KRS 0000604194, NIP 5842747535. 


3.
Customer
A person using the Service for their business or professional purposes, notwithstanding the legal form of the business.


4.
Account
Individual space provided to the Customer within the ClickMeeting Website to allow them to use the Service.


5.
Processing
Operations on Personal Data, such as collection, recording, retention, development, modification, sharing, backup of Personal Data and other operations as necessary for Service performance or Website use.


6.
GDPR
Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (EU) of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation)


7.
Website
Sites of ClickMeeting, available especially at the following address: clickmeeting.com. The Customer may log in to their Account through the Website.


8.
Service(s)
Any Services provided by ClickMeeting by electronic means on a Software-as-a-Service (Saas) basis, which include in particular allowing the Customer to use the Account, organise webinars, manage the Personal Data entrusted to ClickMeeting for processing.


9.
Privacy Settings
The space within the Account where the Customer may manage their privacy protection preferences and exercise the rights as a data subject.


10.
User
A person using the Website.


11.
Data specified in Account details
Personal Data provided by the User in the “Account Settings” section, including: first name, last name, business name, address, e-mail address, phone number, tax identification number, time zone, information required for payment processing, image.


12.
Data collected through cookies
The data regarding your activity in the Service or on the Website, recorded and stored through cookies: search history, clicks on the Website, visits on the homepage and pages of the Website, dates of registering and logging into the Account, data about the use of specific services on the Website and in the Service, history and your activity connected with our e-mail communications with you.




Any capitalised terms not defined above shall have the meanings as specified in the ClickMeeting Terms of Service.
Version: 14.06.2018




General Terms of Service
By subscribing to or registering with ClickMeeting or ClickWebinar ("Service"), you agree to use it in compliance with these General Terms of Service ("Terms of Service").
By purchasing, subscribing to, accessing, or otherwise using the Service (including but not limited to ordering the Service without the involvement of the Service's IT infrastructure by means of the individual service order form, which is subsequently executed by ClickMeeting), you are concluding an agreement ("Agreement") with ClickMeeting under the terms and conditions stated in this document. If you do not agree with these Terms of Service, please do not use the Service. We reserve the right to refuse to provide the Service to a potential User in our sole discretion.
Whenever used in these Terms of Service, the following defined terms shall apply:
"ClickMeeting" or "we" means the service provider – ClickMeeting Sp. z o.o., having its registered office in Gdansk, Arkonska 6, A4, 80-387, Poland, entered in the National Court Register kept by the District Court Gdansk North in Gdansk under the number (KRS) 0000604194, Tax ID number 5842747535;
"User" or "you" means any entity who purchases access to the Service for purposes relating to his trade, business, or profession; the Service is for the use of traders only; we do not conclude Agreements with consumers;
"Conference" means any online meeting organized using our Service;
"Participant" means any natural person who participates in the Conference;
"Stream" means uploading, posting, emailing, storing, streaming, linking to, transmitting, or otherwise making available the Content to Participants through the Service;
"Content" means any information, data, video, media, recordings, files, graphics, materials, and similar that are posted, uploaded, and/or downloaded into the User's account and/or Streamed during the Conference, including the content of chats (and any files uploaded during the chat) that take place during the Conference;
"Service" means an online ClickMeeting or ClickWebinar Service provided by ClickMeeting using the SaaS (Software-as-a-Service) model that enables you to create, participate in, and manage on-line conferences. The Service allows you to Stream your own audio and video conferences via the Internet using various features.
The free version of the Service, as opposed to the paid version, is always time-limited and may be limited in terms of access to certain features. The User may open only one free account within the Service.

I. Registration and Use of the Service
In order to use the Service an individual account in the Service ("Account") must be created. The Account may be accessed only with the use of the user name and password ("Login Details"). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login Details and the Account. You are also responsible for any use of your Account, especially for any activity of your Account users (“Multi-users”). Certain features of the Service enable you to specify the level at which the Service restricts access to the Account, the Conference(s) and Content. You are solely responsible for applying the appropriate level of access.
We also enable Users to create a free trial Account via Facebook and Microsoft Service. We also reserve the right to reject your subscription for any or for no reason, in particular if the Agreement has been previously terminated due to the User's breach of these Terms of Service.
On registration to the Service, you choose an Account type  and a subscription plan (the latter does not apply to the subscription for a free version of the Service); you also agree:

that you purchase access to the Service for purposes relating to your trade, business, or profession;
to provide, maintain, and promptly update your personal and business details so that they are as current, complete, and accurate as possible;
to comply with these Terms of Service, as well as the Privacy Policy;
to comply with all laws applicable to you, including local laws and laws related to the use of electronic means of communication, protection of personal data, and recording of communications;],
to receive commercial information about ClickMeeting's products and services;
to receive invoices by electronic means of communication – in the Billing History section in the Account.

Full access to the paid version of the Service is granted promptly after you have paid for your subscription in accordance with the chosen subscription plan.
You are solely responsible for notifying all Participants that personal data and information disclosed during the Conference can be transmitted to other Participants and third parties. You are obligated to inform the Participants that the use of the Service is subject to these Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy.
You may integrate your Account with certain third-party services. Such third-party services are not rendered by ClickMeeting. The use of third-party services may be subject to the terms of use established by such third parties. Upon successful integration with a third-party service you agree to the exchange of certain information and data (including confidential data) belonging to you or your Participants between ClickMeeting and a third party in order to enable you to take full advantage of the integration. All and any references and links to third-party services or websites, that appear on our websites are placed for your convenience only; we do not control or endorse any materials or information that are placed on third-party websites. You acknowledge that if you use any integration of your Account with any third-party services (including those listed in an appropriate ClickMeeting website tab) you are doing so at your own expense, risk and on your own responsibility.
From time to time ClickMeeting may offer access to beta version of new features, services and/or software prior to their general release (“beta version“). If you decide to use the beta version, you agree that:

the beta version may contain bugs, errors and other defects, and the use of the beta version is at your sole risk;
the beta version is available only for a limited time and to a limited extent and may be deactivated or modified at any time at ClickMeeting‘s sole discretion;
ClickMeeting does not warrant that any feature, service or software made available as a beta version will be included in the Service, and ClickMeeting may resign from further development of any beta version at any time at its sole discretion;
you are solely responsible for the consequences of using the beta version, in particular but not limited to the impact it may have on the Service settings, set up webinars, collected data and other information, etc. Please remember that once ClickMeeting deactivates the beta version, certain processes that took place with respect to the Service, set up webinars, collected data and other information may be irrecoverable, and ClickMeeting will bear no responsibility for consequences resulting therefrom;
at the end of the testing period, the feature, service or software may be available subject to a separate fee, (e.g. as a paid add-on) or as a component of particular pricing options only.



II. Prohibited Practices
You are not allowed to use the Service in a manner that, intentionally or unintentionally, violates any applicable law, these Terms of Service, or any copyrights or any other rights of a third party or restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Service or could expose ClickMeeting to harm or liability. This rule applies also to the Content Streamed through the Service. To see what practices we regard as particularly abusive or unlawful, please click here.


uploading, posting, emailing, storing, linking to, Streaming or otherwise making available any Content that:
                
the User does not have full rights to use and publish on the Internet;
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, obscene, libelous, slanderous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another person's privacy, harmful to minors, tortuous, or otherwise objectionable by ClickMeeting;
is associated with pornography, adult-related material, child pornography, bigotry, racism, hatred, profanity, mail fraud, or any material which may be insulting to another person or an entity;
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party, including, but not limited to, unauthorized copying and posting of pictures, logos, software, articles, musical works and videos;
constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam or any other form of unlawful solicitation;
contains harmful content, including, without limitation, software viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, spy-ware, or any other files, software programs, or technology that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate services or any system, program, data or personal information, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party;
impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives;
violates any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation including, without limitation, those governing consumer protection, Internet tobacco sales, unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising;
offers or disseminates fraudulent goods, services, schemes, or promotions (e.g. make-money-fast schemes, chain letters, pyramid schemes) or engages in any unfair deceptive act or practice;
is associated with goods or services which sale or marketing is prohibited or requires permit, which the User or their Participants do not have (for example: drugs, narcotics, weapons of any kind and related items, nicotine and related, alcohol, medical services, any form of gambling or lottery-type services);
violates any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (including without limitation the laws and regulations governing export control, unfair competition, anti-discrimination, false advertising, consumer rights);


harvesting or collecting email addresses or other information using the Service for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited information;
using any hardware or software intended to damage or interfere with the proper and timely functioning of the Service or to surreptitiously intercept any system, data or personal information from our website, servers and/or the Service;
reproducing, modifying, reusing in another product or service, preparing derivative works of, reverse engineering, attempting to decipher any code of the Service, application or any software associated therewith or ClickMeeting website;
taking any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the website network or other ClickMeeting service infrastructure;
reselling, redistributing, licensing the Service to any third party or using it on a timeshare basis or otherwise generating profit from the Service or any of its part.




III. Content
You are solely responsible for the Conference Streaming, Conference subject, the activities of the Participant during Conferences, all Content, and for all activity with respect to your Account. Your responsibility extends to any links to other websites or resources or other third-party services that you use.
We do not verify, endorse, or claim ownership of any Content, and you retain all rights, titles, and interest in respect of your Content, with the exception of the materials which you take from our resources, in particular the collection of predesigned templates.
You are entitled to use materials that we render available to you solely to use the Service and add-ons for their intended purpose. Please note that our resources may include materials which are subject to third party’s copyright. You acknowledge and agree that we have the right at any time and at our sole discretion to remove such materials from our resources, disable access to such materials and/or demand that you immediately stop using them. If you do not satisfy our demand we will be entitled to delete such materials at our sole discretion, with no liability on our side. In aforementioned situations you will not be entitled to any reimbursement of any amount paid by you to us.
Unless otherwise set forth in these Terms of Service or stems from the specific nature of a given service (add-on), we do not store any Content, except as necessary for due provision of the Service.
ClickMeeting declares that it does not to monitor your and your Participants' activity occurring in connection with the Service. In the event that ClickMeeting becomes aware, however, of any possible violations of this Agreement, Terms of Service, or provisions of applicable law, ClickMeeting reserves the right to investigate such violations and may, at its sole discretion, immediately and without notice, suspend the Conference or access to the Account, terminate the Agreement, or block, change, alter, or remove Content, in whole or in part. In this case ClickMeeting shall not be liable for damages incurred by the User or Participants.
ClickMeeting is entitled, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, to disclose any information, including information about the User, in ClickMeeting's possession in connection with the User's use of the Service, to law enforcement or other government officials, as ClickMeeting in its sole discretion believes to be necessary or appropriate.


IV. Payments
The Service is provided on a prepaid basis. All fees for the Service shall be paid according to the subscription plan you have chosen and these Terms of Service.
If you have chosen credit card payment as your payment method, you agree to pay the subscription fee as a recurring payment, per the agreed payment plan. The amount of the recurring payment is based on the current pricing, which is presented on the Service website. You have the right to revoke your consent for the recurring payments being charged to your payment card. Users who pay for the Service using American Express payment cards are required to comply with any reasonable instructions given to us by American Express Payment Services Limited.
We reserve the right to change the fees for the Service at any time, including changing from a free service to a paid service and charging for services that were previously offered free of charge; provided, however, that we will provide you with 30-day prior notice and an opportunity to terminate your Account if you do not accept the changes.
All amounts paid under the Agreement are non-refundable. Any excess payment, which is the difference between the down payment and the amount due to ClickMeeting, shall be credited towards future payments for the Service, save as otherwise stated in these Terms of Service.
The Service fees do not include any additional third-party costs including phone call or data transmission costs charged by phone operators and/or data transmission providers.
You acknowledge that the Conference phone numbers provided by ClickMeeting under the Service are not toll-free numbers. ClickMeeting does not charge any additional fees from the Participants; however, the Participant will be charged for the connection by their phone operator in accordance with their subscription plan, unless you have purchased a suitable number of toll-free minutes from ClickMeeting for use by your Participants.
In the case of credit card payment, additional features (add-ons) specified in the Account panel may be offered to you (e.g. additional storage, additional storage for recordings, optional presenter, optional Streaming). The fee for the add-on shall be charged as a recurring payment, on terms consistent with the main subscription payment plan, unless otherwise decided upon purchase or such a settlement model is contrary to the nature of the add-on; upon payment for the add-on the specified amount shall be charged in the amount calculated in proportion to the number of remaining days of the current settlement period. Subsequent fees shall be charged in the full amount.
You are solely responsible for paying and remitting to the appropriate tax authorities all applicable taxes (withholding tax, sales tax, services tax, value-added tax (VAT), goods and services tax (GST), etc.) or duties imposed by any government entity or collecting agency except those taxes based on ClickMeeting's net income. In the event you fail to satisfy your tax and/or duty obligations specified herein, you will reimburse ClickMeeting upon demand for any taxes and/or duties paid on your behalf. In all cases, you shall pay the amounts due under this Agreement to ClickMeeting in full without any right of set-off or deduction.
The invoice will be placed in the billing section of the Account Panel promptly after we have received the payment. For settlement purposes it is assumed that a month has 30 days and a year has 365 days.
We reserve the right to inform you via email about expiring subscription and the amount of fee that needs to be paid in order to renew the subscription. If you do not pay for the Service despite the expiration of the subscription period, we will assume that you do not wish to renew your subscription, your Account will be canceled, and the Agreement will be terminated.


V. Technical Requirements
The media Streamed from a previously uploaded media file will work properly if you successfully uploaded the file in a recognizable format. Upon uploading a file to the Account, its format may be adjusted to the requirements of the Service. Such an adjustment might influence the video quality or other file features - You expressly agree that the quality of motion pictures or Streamed media files might differ from the quality of the original files.
ClickMeeting assures that the Service will work with the latest official version of Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, Chrome, Microsoft Edge and Opera web browsers.
In order to use the Service, including participating in Conferences, via certain mobile devices it may be necessary to download a relevant app in iTunes App Store or Google Play Store. To use the Service in the full audio-video range during the Conference it is necessary to have a webcam, microphone, and headset or loudspeaker connected to and recognized by your device and they should not be simultaneously used by another application.
In the case of integration through API you are obliged to independently integrate your website with the Service via API that we render available to you. ClickMeeting does not perform integration, but only provides API to Users.


VI. Service Availability
The Service may not be available in all countries and it may be unavailable for use in any particular location.
ClickMeeting may, at its sole discretion and without liability, change, modify, vary, or replace the features and functionalities of the Service or any provided equipment or software used to deliver the Service provided that this does not have a material adverse effect on the Service.
ClickMeeting may perform scheduled or emergency maintenance (including temporary suspension of the Service if necessary) to maintain or modify the Service without previous notice given to you. However, in the event of scheduled maintenance that would last for more than one day, ClickMeeting shall use reasonable efforts to give you at least one day's notice. Scheduled maintenance will be carried out with an aim of minimizing business interruption.


VII. Customer Service, Technical Support
We provide Users with Customer Support (Customer Success Team).
You may address all questions or doubts and report any complaints to the Customer Success Team using on-line chat or via our web form available here. You should provide us at least with the Account name and/or your name.
We shall ensure that the Customer Success Team responds as soon as possible and informs the User on the status of his case. Normally the response is provided within two business days after receiving a request.
We do not take any action in relation to "anonymous" requests.
We provide the User with technical support during the Conference. In order to obtain assistance, the User should choose the relevant option in the Account panel. When using technical support, the User should be aware that the Conference Content may be accessed and modified (if necessary) by the technical support assistant.


VIII. Data Protection
Detailed information regarding personal data protection and privacy is specified in the Privacy Policy, which constitutes an integral part of these Terms of Service.


IX. Intellectual Property
The Service, software, hardware, and all content included on our website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and video tutorials, product and brand names, are the property of ClickMeeting or its content suppliers and are protected by Polish, U.S., and European copyright laws.
ClickMeeting, ClickMeeting.com, MyWebinars, ClickWebinar, ClickWebinar.com, (and other derivative domains) are trademarks and domains to which ClickMeeting has title in the Republic of Poland, the United States, the European Union, and other countries. Those trademarks may not be used in conjunction with other companies' products or services in any manner that may cause confusion among Users and potential Users, or in any manner that discredits ClickMeeting and/or its products and services.
Except as expressly allowed within the Service features, it is prohibited to delete, cover, change, or make impossible to read any trademark, copyright, or other proprietary notices associated within the Service software, application, the results of using that software, or in any content presented on the Service website. In particular, it is prohibited to remove or change the ClickMeeting logo from video files and images created using the Service.
Certain Service features may require downloading and installing ClickMeeting's application. In that event ClickMeeting agrees to provide you and/or the Participant with a limited, personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to use such application in accordance with these Terms of Service. You and the Participant may use such application only in connection with the use of the Service and cannot use the application for any other purpose and in any other manner than as intended by ClickMeeting.
ClickMeeting welcomes suggestions, ideas, comments, and/or feedback regarding all areas of Services and/or its websites, especially their beta versions (“Feedback”). We assume that Feedback provided to us is non-confidential and we are free to use such information on an unrestricted basis. The following terms shall apply to submissions of all Feedback: (i) upon submission to us ClickMeeting acquires all rights to all Feedback, without any compensation; (ii) ClickMeeting may freely and irrevocably use, disclose, reproduce, license, sublicense, distribute and otherwise commercially use the Feedback for any purpose without any territorial or time limitations, without royalty; (iii) ClickMeeting has no obligation to review or consider any submissions that include Feedback; (iv) ClickMeeting has no obligation to keep any submissions and/or Feedback confidential; and (v) it is not allowed to submit any Feedback to ClickMeeting that you have reason to believe is subject to any patent, copyright, or other intellectual property claim or right of any third party; or that is subject to license terms that seek to require any ClickMeeting product incorporating or derived from any Feedback, or other ClickMeeting intellectual property, to be licensed to or otherwise shared with any third party.


X. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liabilities
THE SERVICE AND THE WEBSITE ARE DISTRIBUTED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. IN PARTICULAR, CLICKMEETING DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, OR ERROR FREE. CLICKMEETING ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DELETION OF OR FAILURE TO STORE OR DELIVER THE CONTENT.
ClickMeeting exercises no control over and specifically denies any responsibility for the Content, accuracy, or quality of the Content and other information and/or data passing through its network or the Service provided, as well as for any messages received or transactions entered into through the Service. ClickMeeting assumes no responsibility for the deletion, destruction of, or failure to store or deliver the Content or for the security, privacy, storage, or transmission of other communications originating from or involving the use of the Service.
To the greatest extent permitted by law neither ClickMeeting nor its agents, employees, directors, officers, or suppliers shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage (even if ClickMeeting has been advised of the possibility of such a loss) including, but not limited to, loss of business revenue, loss of profits, loss of data, damage to reputation, failure to realize expected profits, pure financial loss or other commercial or economic loss or for any claim against the User by any third party resulting from or arising in any connection with the use, misuse, or inability to use the Service or from unauthorized access to or alteration of transmission or Content.
ClickMeeting's entire liability towards the User shall in no event exceed in the aggregate the amount paid by the User for the Service that is the subject of the claim in one month immediately preceding the date on which the User notifies ClickMeeting of such a claim, in respect of all claims under or related to the Services provided by ClickMeeting to the User.
The limitations, exclusions, and disclaimers in this Agreement shall apply irrespective of the nature of the cause of action, demand, or claim by the User or a third party, including, without limitation, breach of contract, negligence, tort, strict liability, or any other legal theory and shall survive a fundamental breach of this Agreement.
ClickMeeting is not responsible for:

any delay or failure in performance due to Force Majeure (the Force Majeure shall be deemed as an exceptional occurrence, caused by an external factor which cannot be foreseen and which could not be prevented. Force Majeure occurrences include in particular: war, natural disasters, strikes, breakdowns, distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks or other disruptions in telecommunication networks or data communication infrastructure, emergency government action and administrative measures, or activities of entities that affect the provision of the Service and whose activity is independent of ClickMeeting);
actions and omissions of third parties (including the User and Participants), especially use of the Account by the third parties taking the advantage of Login Details obtained from the User or in other circumstances beyond ClickMeeting's reasonable control;
failure of external conditions and networks which are necessary for use of the Service and are beyond ClickMeeting's reasonable control;
incorrect or false data provided by the User during the registration process.

The User agrees unconditionally to indemnify and hold harmless ClickMeeting and its officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against all claims, proceedings, liabilities, actions, damages, and costs (including reasonable attorney fees) arising from or related to (i) the use or misuse of the Service or any part of it, (ii) violation of these Terms of Service or applicable laws by the User, Participants, or a person accessing the Account, (iii) the User's or Participants' Content and activity.


XI. Term and Termination / Account Cancellation / Subscription Freezing
The term of this Agreement commences on the date of subscription to the Service by the User. Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of these Terms of Service, the Agreement shall continue for the term resulting from the subscription plan chosen by the User and automatically renew for consecutive terms.
You may suspend (freeze) your Account subscription for a maximum period of 90 (ninety) days (but not beyond the expiration date of your credit card) starting from the first day of the next subscription period for which the fees have yet not been charged (i.e. if you have paid your subscription for another 15 days, the "frozen" status will commence from day 16). During the suspension period:

ClickMeeting shall not charge any fees for providing the Service;
all Conference data, the Content, email messages, statistics, the User's and Participants' data shall be retained within the Service;
your unique meeting URL shall be retained.

You can unfreeze your Account by clicking the "Unfreeze" link in your Account Panel. The Account will be unfronen automatically 90 days after suspension unless the User does so himself/herself earlier. The fees shall be charged upon the resumption of the Account in accordance with the previously chosen subscription plan. If you do not unfreeze and pay for the Account during the above term or it proves impossible to charge the applicable fees, it will be assumed that the Agreement is terminated after lapse of that period and all of your data (including Content, email messages, and statistics, recordings, and other Conference data) will be permanently deleted. This operation is irreversible.
You may terminate the Service at any time by cancelling your Account. Account cancellation is considered the Agreement termination. In order to cancel the Account, please follow the instructions provided on this web page; email or telephone termination is not sufficient to terminate the Service and cancel the Account. In the case of frozen Accounts, Accounts ordered via ClickMeeting consultants, as well as when encountering any problems with Account cancellation, please contact our Customer Success Team. The cancellation process is completed once the user receives an email confirmation.
Upon Account cancellation, the Service (Agreement) termination (irrespective of the basis of and reasons for the termination) or expiration, the User loses access to the Account and all the Content and data stored within the Account. The User shall be entitled to resume the Account (together with all Conference data, the Content, email messages, statistics, the User's and Participants' data) within a period of 30 days from the date on which the Account was cancelled or the Service (Agreement) was terminated or its term expired. The User must contact the Customer Success Team to resume the Account. In order to resume the Account, the User must also pay the applicable fees for the subsequent subscription period. ClickMeeting reserves the right to refuse Account resumption without stating any reasons (particularly if ClickMeeting has previously terminated the Agreement or suspended the Service). In the event that the Account is not resumed during the above periods (30 days), the Account and all data stored within the Account (including Content, email messages and statistics, recordings, and other Conference data) will be permanently deleted.
We reserve the right to terminate the Agreement or suspend the Service with immediate effect and to refuse any and all current or future use of the Service in the event that we are ordered to do so by any court or other public authority or if you violate material obligations resulting from these Terms of Service or applicable legal provisions. To see what activities we particularly regard as violations of our Terms of Service, please click here.


the User is in default of any payment due to ClickMeeting,
the User or any other person for which the User is responsible, engages in prohibited practices as defined in Section II of Terms of Service,
the User breaches the rules on using our trademarks and other intellectual property,
the User provided grossly inaccurate, unreliable or false registrant contact details, or failed to keep such contact details up to date
the User paid for the Service with payment instrument which they are not entitled to use


Unless otherwise provided in the binding provisions of law, you shall not be entitled to any partial or total reimbursement or cancellation of any fees or payments already paid or which are due in accordance with Section IV of these Terms of Service. You are also required to pay all fees that accrue until the termination date.
The User is not entitled to terminate the Agreement concluded for a definite period outside ClickMeeting’s IT infrastructure (particularly, by means of the individual service order form) before the lapse of the agreed term. In the event that the User terminates the Agreement in violation of the above condition, the User shall be obligated to settle all the fees which would accrue until the lapse of the specified Agreement term. Any fees paid in advance are non-refundable. ClickMeeting shall issue the invoice including the outstanding fees to be paid by the User due to early termination within 14 days.
We reserve the right to terminate the Agreement at any time without cause, with immediate effect, without incurring any liability in this respect, except that we will refund a pro rata portion of any prepaid amounts for the subscription to the Service.


XII Final Provisions
If any provision of these Terms of Service is held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable.
ClickMeeting reserves the right to change these Terms of Service at any time by posting the revised document on the Service website and/or by sending an email to the last email address you have given to ClickMeeting. These Terms of Service shall be effective immediately with respect to any continued or new use of the Service, unless you terminate these Terms of Service within 10 (ten) days. The most current version of the Terms of Service shall be available at any time on the Service website.
We may assign our rights and delegate our obligations in whole or in part to an affiliate or subcontractor without your consent. Other than the above, neither party may assign or delegate this Agreement without the other party’s prior consent.
These Terms of Service shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the Republic of Poland, excluding any such laws that might direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The Polish court (with the venue of ClickMeeting' registered office) shall be the governing jurisdiction.
The Terms of Service in this version are valid from 2018-12-31.


