
Expand

                    (1) LOG FILES.  We automatically gather info about the ways you interact with the Riot services and store it in log files.  This may include, for example, Usage Info (see What Info We Collect) about your visit, like data that your device or browser sends to us when you access the Riot services and details about how you use your Riot Games account.
                

                    (2) COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES. “Cookies” are small pieces of data that online services you use place on your device for record-keeping purposes.  “Web beacons” are transparent pixel images that allow online services to collect info about the ways you interact with them (like whether you’ve opened an email or clicked on an ad).  Other common tracking technologies include things like tags, scripts, local shared objects (e.g., Flash cookies), local storage (e.g., HTML5), and similar tools.
                

                    The Riot services use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect, store, and read files on your device.  They may be delivered in a first-party (i.e., by Riot Games) or third-party (i.e., by other companies) context.  These tools help the Riot services work and operate more efficiently, as well as capture Usage Info (see What Info We Collect) and similar data about your browsing experiences.
                

                    We use info gathered through tracking technologies for several reasons, including:
                

                        To monitor, secure, and maintain the Riot services;
                    
                        To enhance your browsing experience;
                    
                        To analyze and improve our operations (like aggregating traffic and usage patterns);
                    
                        To control the display of ads, including providing you with targeted offers;
                    
                        To support and gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns (like letting us know if you’ve clicked on our ads or opened our emails);
                    
                        To better personalize your visit and store your preferences and settings; and
                    
                        To otherwise manage our relationship with players.
                    

                    You can learn more about cookies, including details of how to manage or disable them, by visiting http://aboutcookies.org/ or consulting your browser’s privacy features.  Some ways of managing traditional cookies may not impact the use of other tracking technologies, but certain browsers may offer their own tools for removing HTML5.  For additional details about managing Flash cookies, click here.  
                

                    Please note that disabling tracking technologies may prevent you from using the full functionality of the Riot services and they may not work as we intended.
                

                    (3)  ANALYTICS PROVIDERS AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING.  In addition to the tracking technologies we place, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you visit the Riot services.  This includes vendors we’ve engaged to provide services on our behalf (like website analytics), as well as third parties that deliver content (like videos from YouTube) or offers (like ads from ad networks) contained on the Riot services.  We may receive reports based on our partners’ use of these tools on an individual or aggregate basis. 
                

                    For example, we use third-party analytics providers like Google Analytics to help evaluate and report on use of the Riot services.  These companies may set and read their own tracking technologies to gather info about your online activities across websites and services.  Some analytics providers offer you choices about how they collect and use data directly on their websites.  To learn more about opting out of Google Analytics, click here.
                

                    We also partner with ad companies to support our marketing efforts, including by serving you ads better tailored to your likely interests (such as based on your browsing activity on the Riot services or when visiting other online services).  If you don’t want to take advantage of the services that such tracking technologies provide, you may be able to opt-out by visiting http://www.aboutads.info or  http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, or if you’re located in the EU or Canada, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ or http://youradchoices.ca/ respectively. Please note that opting-out of interest-based advertising won’t necessarily entirely prevent info from being collected automatically on the Riot services, and it doesn’t mean you’ll receive fewer ads or stop them from being displayed.  Instead, the ads you do receive won’t be interest-based any longer and therefore might be less relevant to your interests.
                

Collapse

