

	Privacy Policy  

 

 

 Privacy Policy 06/01/2015    	
Atlantic International University is committed to protecting your privacy. The university does not sell, rent, trade or otherwise distribute your e-mail address or personal contact information to any third party. Individuals who supply their e-mails, telephone numbers and/or addresses may receive e-mail, telephone, and/or mail contact from the university regarding academic programs, news, new products or services, upcoming events or promotions. For quality assurance purposes, telephone calls made to or from the university may be monitored for training purposes.



As you navigate through the university’s web site, anonymous non-personal information may be collected about your visit such as time spent on the web site, pages visited, and other such information. AIU uses this information to help improve and enhance its web site content and layout. 




 Opt Out 	
Individuals who no longer wish to receive e-mail or phone communications form AIU may opt out. To opt out of calls or e-mail communications you may e-mail or write to the university. Be sure to provide the e-mail(s) and/or phone number(s) you wish to no longer be contacted on. The university updates its Opt Out phone list and database every 30 days. The university updates its Opt Out email list and database every 10 days.


Via e-mail: [email protected]

Via mail: Atlantic International University
Attn: Opt Out List Manager

900 Fort Street – 40

Honolulu, HI 96813
					


 Política de Privacidad     	
	
Atlantic International University respeta el derecho a su privacidad por lo cual no vende, renta, intercambia o distribuye su e-mail o información personal a ninguna otra entidad. Esta política es estrictamente aplicada por la Universidad. Individuos que le proporcionas su e-mail, dirección, o teléfono será contactados por la universidad atreves de esos medios para comunicar noticias, productos o servicios, y información sobre los programas de AIU. Para propósitos de control de calidad y entrenamiento de personal llamadas a y de la universidad pueden ser monitoreadas.

				
						


 Copyright Statement    	
	
©1979-2015 Atlantic International University. All Rights Reserved. You are welcome to view the contents of this web site. However, all content, source code and graphics on this domain (aiu.edu) are protected by U.S. and international Copyright laws, international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. All right, title and interest in the source code (including, but not limited to, any text, writing, graphics, HTML source code, page layout and design, and photographs) are created by and are owned by Atlantic International University unless explicitly noted. None of the content, design, data, software and underlying source code on this domain (aiu.edu) may be downloaded, reproduced, republished, posted, performed, distributed, transmitted, transferred, translated, sold or modified, without the express written permission of Atlantic International University. Atlantic International University will not hesitate to take legal action against anyone found in violation of this Copyright. Under U.S. Copyright Law, the author of a creative work automatically owns the copyright in that work upon its creation. No formal registration is required; ownership is immediate. Ownership of the copyright gives the owner exclusive rights in that work such as the right to display, reproduce, transmit, create derivative works from, publicly perform, distribute, and license the creative work. A copyright owner who has been the victim of copyright infringement is entitled to recover actual damages and profits from the infringer or statutory damages of up to $30,000 per violation. 

				

		  
			  

