Last Update: 08.10.2012\nWe use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit networkadvertising.org.\nGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google\xe2\x80\x99s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.\nWhen ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address.\nWhat do we use your information for? \nAny of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: \n; To personalize your experience\n(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)\n; To improve our website\n(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)\n; To improve customer service\n(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)\n; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature\n; To send periodic emails\nThe email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.\nNote: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.\nHow do we protect your information? \nWe implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order\nWe offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential. \nAfter a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.\nDo we use cookies? \nYes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.\nDo we disclose any information to outside parties \nNo, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.\nTerms and Conditions \nPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.livenewschat.eu\nYour Consent \nBy using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.\nChanges to our Privacy Policy \nIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. \nContacting Us \nIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using email below. \nmail(at)livenewschat(dot)tv\n