Last Date Revised: January 30, 2001

	Washington Township Health Care District, a California health care district
	 doing business as Washington Hospital Healthcare System (WHHS), has created
	 this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to
	 privacy. This Statement applies to WHHS's collection and use of information
	 through the WHHS site (www.whhs.com). It does not apply to any other websites operated by WHHS or third parties.


Information Collection and Use
 Washington Hospital Healthcare System is the sole owner of the information
	 collected on this Site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information
	 to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Statement.
	 In the event a third party acquires all or part of WHHS, including the
	 personal information that we have collected, that third party will be
	 bound by all of the obligations and limitations set forth in this Statement.
	 We collect several different types of information, each of which is described below:


Cookies
 Our Site uses "session cookies" to keep track of your shopping
	 cart. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the hard drive of a visitor
	 to our Site. Our cookies assign randomly generated numbers to your hard
	 drive for the duration of your visit on the Site (or "session").
	 Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifying information.
	 Once you end your session by closing your browser, the cookie simply terminates.
	 Among other things, the cookie allows you to avoid having to enter your
	 password more than once during a session. Most commercially available
	 browsers (including Microsoft Explorer and Netscape Navigator) allow their
	 users to disable cookies. For more information, please consult your browser
	 "help" information.


Book Order and Event Registration Information
 When you order books or register for an event that requires a fee through
	 our Site, we will request information from you on our order form or registration
	 form. In order to purchase a book or register for an event, you must submit
	 a completed order or registration form. The form asks for contact information
	 (like name and address) and financial information (like credit card number
	 and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and
	 to fill orders or register for an event that requires a fee. We will also
	 use your contact information to send you information about Washington
	 Hospital Healthcare Foundation activities. In addition, we will use the
	 contact information from the order or registration form to get in touch
	 with you if we have trouble processing your order or registration or if
	 we need to contact you for some other reason relating to that order or
	 registration.


Other Personal Information You Provide
 At various locations on our Site, you may choose to provide us with additional
	 personal information. Examples include our "contact us" page
	 for questions you wish to submit to us, our job listings section, and
	 occasional special events. In each case, you voluntarily and knowingly
	 provide us with your personal information, and it is used and disclosed
	 only for the purposes for which it has been provided.


Log Files and IP Addresses
 We also use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, diagnose
	 problems with our server and track visitors¹
	 movements through the Site in order to assess how heavily different sections
	 of the Site are visited. IP addresses are stored in log files and are
	 not linked to personally identifying information.


Aggregated Information
 We may disclose aggregated demographic information about traffic to our
	 Site or book purchases to third parties for advertising, marketing or
	 other business purposes. This information contains no personally identifying
	 information about our customers or visitors.


Sharing of Personally Identifying Information
 We use one or more third party credit card processing companies to bill
	 customers for book purchases or registering for activities/events. None
	 of the companies retain, share, store or use the personally identifying
	 information it receives from us for any other purpose. In addition, we
	 may disclose personally identifying information to third parties when
	 and to the extent necessary to prevent or report fraud, to require you
	 to comply with your obligations to us (including any obligation of payment
	 for a purchase made through the Site) or as required by law.


Security
 This Site has security measures in place designed to protect against the
	 loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.

We work to protect the security of your information during transmission
	 by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information
	 you input.
We do not reveal the digits of your credit card numbers when confirming
	 an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the
	 appropriate credit card processing company during order processing.
We permit secure database access only to qualified employees of WHHS for
	 the purpose of fulfilling your order.

Information from Children
 We do not knowingly accept orders from children under the age of 13 and,
	 accordingly, do not collect personally identifying information from them.
	 If you believe we have violated this provision, please contact us immediately
	 at the address indicated below.


	Accessing and Correcting your Information
	 If you would like to access the personally identifying information that
	 you have provided to us, please contact us as indicated below. You are
	 welcome also to provide us with any corrections to your information.


Notification of Changes
 We may decide to modify this Statement from time to time. Any such modifications
	 take effect immediately upon posting. For your convenience, we post the
	 last date on which the policy was revised at the start of the policy.
	 By visiting or making a purchase through our Site, you agree to check
	 back periodically to determine whether any changes have been made and
	 consent to be bound by any changes once they are posted. However, we will
	 never rely on a change in the policy to permit us to disclose your personally
	 identifying information to third parties in a manner not permitted under
	 the Privacy Statement in effect at the time that information was collected
	 without first obtaining your affirmative ("opt-in") consent
	 to that change.


Contacting the Website
 If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices
	 of this Site, or your dealings with the Site, you may contact:


Washington Hospital Healthcare System
 Community Relations Department
	 2000 Mowry Ave.
	 Fremont, CA 94538-1716
	 Email:
	feedback@whhs.com
