

							I've noticed there to be a lot of tension between players and staff most recently. Whether it be because we appear to be abusing our power or being too harsh on certain topics. Im here to clear the air about some of the issues that have arisen lately.
	Now a lot of you may think that I haven't been around the site a lot, and i haven't been participating enough to know what I'm talking about. However apart from Zero and the admins, I am the oldest staff member currently on staff. I have been included in almost every major decision being put through in the site and assisted in a lot of the sites production. I act as both a mediator and a content creator. So when players say that staff power is heavily in the hands of Zero and Tristan, they are wrong. I am always here to weigh in on topics, even if the players don't see me around. In turn, Zero and Tristan also have a say in the things that I do and suggest. 
	We will always make sure that no staff abuse their power. There has been talk about the unique skills and how it seemed to have been distributed unfairly. While It may be unfair depending on your time zone, it was not distributed in a way that would be of an intentional advantage to any player. Anyone who was on at the time could have had access to them, and the only one who had any information about how they were being given out was Zero himself who already had his own anyway from a much older date. "What about the hints he gave in chat?" He also gave 'hints' on the main website at the same time. Anyone who was actually on would have picked up on it. If you weren't online then it wouldn't have made a difference. 
	As for PST/Moderator support concerns, please keep in mind that they have to deal with most of the players problems and concerns. They have witnessed a lot and deal with a lot and simply just want things to be in order as quickly and as smoothly as possible. In terms of balance or game content, if you have suggestions for changes then feel free to post about them. However they're not guaranteed to be accepted (of course) but we do look at them. 
	I would like to make it clear that If a staff member misbehaves we WILL talk about it and address the issue with them. If you have an issue with a certain staff member then you should contact an admin, and try to be as respectful as you can. Do NOT, make a post about it. If there is an issue with what a certain Moderator support/PST has said, then talk to Shark, or a Moderator master/GM about it. If a player has an issue with another player or a topic/post etc. Then talk to a Moderator support/PST. It WILL be discussed. But remember to have patience, respect, and curiosity when doing so. 
	Always remember that the staffs purpose is to keep the site running smoothly, we always want players to have a positive experience. 
	If you have any questions or issues or comments. Then please message me your concerns.
 

						
