

							
	 
 


	 


	<<Summer Beach Party>>
 


	
	 
 




	 
 


	Location: Floor 16 - West of OceanusEvent Begins: July 1 | Event Ends: August 31Setting: Daytime (July 1 - July 31) | Sunset (August 1 - August 31)
 


	 
 


	A small guild calling themselves the Gladiolus Alliance have suddenly started putting up posters and making announcements about a beach party they are hosting on the sixteenth floor. Players may wear any equipment they like, but casual clothing and swimwear are highly encouraged. Weapons are prohibited from being equipped while in the vicinity. Food, drink, beach towels/umbrellas, and a volleyball court have all been provided and set-up by the guild for everyone's enjoyment.
 


	 
 


	Event Thread Rewards: Finished thread awards 1 SP per completed page. Participants receive 1 SP per (3) posts, up to the number of completed pages. Posts must meet the 150 minimum word count to be counted towards SP rewards.
	 
 


	 
 



	<<Mid-Summer Fireworks Festival>>
 


	Location: Floor 1 - Town of BeginningsEvent Begins: July 12 | Event Ends: August 31Fireworks display begins August 12Orange players may safely enter the Town of Beginnings to participate in the event.
 


	A fireworks festival has appeared in the main plaza of the Town of Beginnings. The festivities run all night long with a variety of games, prizes, and food for players to enjoy. Halfway through the festival, when darkness has fallen over the city, a fireworks show will begin to light up the night sky.
 


	General Rules:
 



		Orange players are permitted to attend, and will not be attacked by guards if they enter the city for the event. Normal safe zone rules still apply.
	 
	
		When spending col to participate in games, buy items, or enter the lottery, be sure to keep track of the col you have available. Final spending/winning totals will be posted by a staff member in the closing post of the event, which can be used to link to your Col logs. If a player had spent more col than they had available, prizes won as a result may be voided.
	 
	
		Traditional festival attire (yukata) or casual clothing is encouraged, but not required.
	 


	Event Thread Rewards: Finished thread awards 1 SP per completed page. Participants receive 1 SP per (3) posts, up to the number of completed pages. Posts must meet the 150 minimum word count to be counted towards SP rewards.
 


	 


	
 

						
