

							
	<<2.5.0 Patch Notes>>
 



		Main Guide:

		

				The main rules/tutorial section has been rewritten.
			 
		
 
	
		Resources:
		

				A Resources section has been added. This contains reference material such as the SP/Level chart, Skills list, Enhancement list, individual profession stats, and a new FAQ.
			 
		
 


	General Rule Changes:
 



		Word count requirement in Merchants & Shops section has been reduced to 100 from 150.
	 
	
		Col logs are no longer required to include in journals. The Banker system will be used to track currency/materials going forward.
	 
	
		New characters and Rebirth characters may choose a Starter Package containing a variety of basic equipment, col, materials, and/or potions.
	 
	
		NK/KE tags have been removed.
	 
	
		The table for SP gain based on the number of players in a thread has been removed. SP gain is now issued at 1 SP per 3 posts, up to the number of completed pages. (e.g. 3 SP for three pages, requires at least 9 posts)
	 
	
		A Skill Refunding System has been added. Players may now pay a col cost to remove known skills and receive a refund of the invested SP.
	 
	
		Rules on vanity items have been clarified.
	 
	
		Health regeneration outside of combat has been adjusted to (10 * Tier) per post.
	 
	
		Stealth and Stealth Detection no longer have a base rating for players. Both now use a LD roll plus a Stealth Rating/Stealth Detection modifier. NPCs and monsters still utilize a base rating (10 as a baseline for player-created mobs).
	 
	
		'Using cover' no longer adds to Stealth Rating. Low light or darkness conditions grant a +1 to Stealth Rating, down from +2.
	 
	
		Switch has been added as a game mechanic (no longer a skill). Players may call for a Switch when landing a successful attack. If the Switching player also lands an attack, a Switch is performed and the two players may immediately swap hate values.
	 
	
		Players are required to post their level, stats, equipment, skills, etc., in their first post in a thread. This should be a snapshot of your character and should not be changed after the initial post. Players are still allowed to declare their characters at a lower level or with fewer items than what they currently have, but may not claim items that have not been approved or were obtained in an unlocked thread.
	 
	
		Turn order rules have been modified slightly to reflect the leniency of Boss Raid combat. Players may post in any order so long as each player and the enemy has gotten one action in a single round.
	 
	
		Outside of Boss Raids, parties may have a maximum of 4 players. Combat with more than 4 players should follow a Group order similar to boss raids.
	 
	
		When fighting multiple enemies, players must now make individual rolls for each mob. This applies to both making attacks against multiple enemies and multiple enemies making attacks. One roll no longer applies to/for all targets.
	 
	
		The Running Away mechanic has been updated. Running away from combat now uses a LD roll with a set of situational modifiers.
	 
	
		The col/material values and frequency in the loot table have been adjusted.
	 
	
		Labyrinth searching rules have been adjusted. The map fragment system has been removed. Bonus rewards for scouting and defeating the field boss have been adjusted.
	 
	
		Housing and Guild Halls have been completely revamped.
	 
	
		PvP rules have been adjusted. Players must make an initiative roll when engaging in combat with other players.
	 
	
		The extended Player Killing rules/restrictions have been removed.
	 
	
		Rules on player cursor colors have been expanded. There is now a strike system for criminal infractions that would cause a player's cursor to turn orange. Killing a green player outside of a duel now results in a permanent orange cursor.
	 
	
		An NPC Guard mechanic has been added. Orange players may now enter safe zones, but must stealth/run from guards in certain safe zones. NPC guards have a Stealth Detection rating equal to (Floor / 3), rounded down.
	 
	
		Added more detail to character death rules.
	 
	
		The RGQ system has been removed.
	 


	Crafting Changes:
 



		Fishing as a profession has been removed. It is now a skill.
	 
	
		The CD result chart has been adjusted across all professions (except Merchant).
		

				Good and Bad quality items have been removed from the CD result chart.
			 
			
				Salvage chances have been adjusted. Alchemists now have a chance to salvage one or both materials when attempting to craft crystals.
			 
		
 
	
		Crafting Die tools no longer have an effect. Consumables, familiars, housing, and some items still provide EXP and Crafting Attempt bonuses.
	 
	
		The process of crafting Feasts has changed slightly. Cooks may now take 3 identical food items and spend two materials to combine them into a Feast. A Feast can be used in a thread to provide that enhancement to up to six players.
	 
	
		Artisan craftable item types have been modified (Trinkets, Jewelry, Sculptures). The buffs they can provide are largely unchanged.
	 
	
		Alchemist craftable item types have been modified (Salves, Potions, Crystals). The buffs they can provide are largely unchanged.
	 


	Skill Changes:
 



		Extended Weight Limit

		

				Removed Ranks - 15 SP cost
			 
			
				Now adds +3 Battle Ready Inventory slots
			 
			
				Adjusted Mod: Large Pockets
				

						Now has 3 Ranks
					 
					
						Cost set to 5/3/2 SP (10 total for Rank 3)
					 
					
						Now increases single Battle Ready Inventory slots to 7/10/15
					 
				
 
			
				Removed 'Larger Pockets' and 'Largest Pockets' mods
			 
		
 
	
		New Skill: Fishing
		

				Cost: 10 SP
			 
			
				Effect: Use a dice roll to fish something up based on a natural CD result:
			 
		
 
	
		Gatherer
		

				Now has a chance to yield 1-3 bonus materials based on a natural CD result
			 
		
 
	
		Sneak & Hide
		

				Renamed to 'Hiding'
			 
			
				Now grants +1 Stealth Rating per rank
			 
			
				New Rank 3 Mod: Untraceable
				

						Cost: 9 SP
					 
					
						Effect: Negates the effect of the Tracking skill against the user.
					 
				
 
			
				New Rank 3 Mod: Blindside
				

						Cost: 9 SP
					 
					
						Effect: Gain +2 Stealth Rating. Natural BD rolls of 9-10 reduce the target's accuracy by 1 for one turn when attacking from stealth.
					 
				
 
			
				New Rank 5 Mod: Vanish
				

						Cost: 12 SP
					 
					
						Cooldown: 5 Turns
					 
					
						Effect: Allows the use of a post action to re-enter stealth while in combat. Getting a killing blow on an enemy allows Vanish to activate without using a post action.
					 
				
 
		
 
	
		Search & Detect
		

				Renamed to 'Searching'
			 
			
				Now also grants +1 Stealth Detection per rank
			 
			
				Mod: Night Vision
				

						Now requires Rank 1, down from Rank 3
					 
					
						Cost reduced to 5 SP, from 9
					 
				
 
			
				Mod: Reveal
				

						Now also grants +2 LD when searching for Labyrinths and allows Labyrinth searches at 15 posts.
					 
				
 
			
				Mod: Tracking
				

						Now requires Rank 3, down from Rank 5
					 
					
						Cost reduced to 12 SP, from 15
					 
					
						Tracking requirements for monsters, players, and NPCs have been clarified.
					 
				
 
			
				Mod: Detect
				

						Cost reduced to 9 SP, from 15
					 
					
						No longer uses or affects Tracking.
					 
					
						Now Grants +2 Stealth Detection. Grants +1 LD when searching for sub-dungeons and labyrinths
					 
				
 
		
 
	
		Battle Healing
		

				Now recovers 1% of max HP per rank, instead of (Rank * 5 * Tier)
			 
			
				Mod: Emergency Recovery
				

						Cost reduced to 10 SP, from 15
					 
					
						Now recovers 10% of max HP, down from 25%
					 
				
 
		
 
	
		Block
		

				MIT gained is now set per rank: 5/8/12/18/25, down from 1 MIT per SP invested.
			 
			
				New Rank 3 Mod: Shield Bash
				

						Cost: 10 SP
					 
					
						Cooldown: 2 Turns
					 
					
						Energy Cost: 10 Energy
					 
					
						Effect: Make an attack with an equipped shield. On a hit, deals (Base * 10) damage, stuns the enemy for one turn, and applies paralyze/thorns/flame thorns enhancements present on the shield. Note: When calculating Base Damage for Shield Bash, Weapon Skills do not apply.
					 
				
 
			
				Mod: Safe Guard
				

						Reworked into 'Rampart'
					 
					
						Added a 5 turn cooldown
					 
					
						Added energy cost of 8
					 
					
						Now uses a post action to reduce final damage that would be dealt to you by 25% (rounded down). Effect lasts until the beginning of your next turn.
					 
				
 
		
 
	
		Energist
		

				Removed Ranks - 12 SP cost
			 
			
				Now adds (5 * Tier) to total energy, instead of (Rank * 2)
			 
		
 
	
		Howl
		

				Added energy cost of 10
			 
			
				Mod: Focused Howl
				

						Added energy cost of 8
					 
				
 
		
 
	
		Parry
		

				Increased SP cost to 12, up from 10
			 
			
				Added a 1 turn cooldown
			 
			
				Energy cost has been fixed at 5, instead of (2 * enemies parried)
			 
			
				50% damage reduction has been specified to apply to the final damage (after mitigation). Effect applies to the next attack against the user, and cannot reduce damage from multiple enemies at once.
			 
			
				Mod: Vengeful Riposte
				

						Increased SP cost to 12, up from 10
					 
					
						Added a 3 turn cooldown
					 
					
						Damage reflected is now 50% of raw damage, up from 25% of damage taken. This damage can still be mitigated.
					 
				
 
		
 
	
		Switch
		

				Skill has been removed.
			 
		
 
	
		Two-Handed Weapons
		

				The +2 DMG bonus for 2H weapons has been clarified in the first rank of 2H weapon skills.
			 
		
 
	
		All Weapons
		

				The Ferocity and Finesse mods have been condensed into a single description. You must still specify the weapon type when acquiring the mod(s).
			 
			
				Mod: Ferocity
				

						Rank requirement set to 3, instead of ranging from 1-5
					 
					
						Now increases base damage of all sword arts for the chosen weapon by 1.
					 
				
 
			
				Mod: Finesse
				

						Rank requirement set to 3, instead of ranging from 1-5
					 
					
						Now has 3 Ranks
					 
					
						Cost adjusted to 5/3/2 SP (10 total for Rank 3), down from 15 at Rank 5
					 
					
						Now reduces energy cost of all sword arts for the chosen weapon by an amount equal to its rank.
					 
				
 
			
				Mod: Quick Change
				

						Cooldown reduced to 3 turns, down from 5
					 
					
						Now allows the user to swap, equip, or unequip a weapon in their Battle Ready Inventory.
					 
				
 
			
				Mod: Stamina
				

						Now reduces the energy cost of all attacks by 1.
					 
				
 
		
 
	
		Heavy Armor
		

				Increased the amount of MIT gained to 8>12>18>25>35, up from 3>7>12>20>30
			 
			
				Mod: Athletics
				

						Bonus health increased to (15 * Tier), up from 15
					 
				
 
			
				Mod: Stonewall
				

						Bonus health has been adjusted to (15 * Tier), instead of equal to mitigation from other skills.
					 
					
						Now also grants 10 MIT when wearing heavy armor
					 
					
						Now also reduces damage taken from damage over time effects by 25% (rounded down) when wearing heavy armor.
					 
				
 
		
 
	
		Light Armor
		

				Adjusted the amount of MIT gained to 5>8>12>18>25, down from 3>7>12>20>30
			 
			
				Mod: Athletics
				

						Bonus health adjusted to (10 * Tier), from 15
					 
				
 
		
 
	
		Familiar Mastery
		

				'Accurate' now has 3 ranks.
			 
			
				'Assistant' now provides bonus EXP (crafting attempts at max profession rank) instead of CD.
			 
		
 
	
		Meditation
		

				Removed Ranks - 8 SP cost
			 
			
				Added a 5 turn cooldown
			 
			
				Now recovers (3 * Tier) energy. Getting hit by an attack before the beginning of your next turn reduces the energy recovered to (2 * Tier).
			 
		
 
	
		Survival
		

				Added 3 SP cost
			 
			
				Increases out of combat health regeneration to (15 * Tier), instead of 20.
			 
		
 


	Enhancement Changes:
 



		Life Steal has been renamed to Vampiric.
	 
	
		The Crafting Die enhancement has been removed.
	 
	
		Alchemist and Artisan item types for enhancements have been modified.
	 


	Sword Art Changes:
 



		Multipliers have been simplified to a single number (x6) from the two-part formula (2x3).
	 
	
		Several descriptions have been updated.
	 


	Quest Changes:
 



		The 'Redemption' quest has been revamped.
	 
	
		The level and repeatable restrictions have been adjusted to affect only the bonus SP rewards:
		

				The First Few Lessons Are Free
			 
			
				The Second Lesson is Also Free
			 
			
				The Third Lesson is Just As Free
			 
			
				The Fourth Lesson is Actually Free
			 
			
				The Venemous Warg
			 
		
 
	
		Repeating the 'Earning a Living' quest now allows a player to change their profession. Changing professions will reset experience to 0. Repeat completions of the Earning a Living quest will only award bonus materials if the quest-taker is changing their profession.
	 
	
		The following quests have been removed:
		

				«Witch of the West and the Three Treasures: T.M.H & S.B.»
			 
			
				«Witch of the West and the Three Treasures: T.L.C.»
			 
			
				«Witch of the West and the Three Treasures
			 
			
				«The Falling of Tagas»
			 
		
 


	Housing Changes:
 



		The cost and size of Player Housing is now determined by a 'plot size'.
		

				The plot size dictates how many room slots, yard slots, and stories a house can have as well as the initial cost when purchasing.
			 
		
 
	
		Purchasing a PK-accessible home (outside of a safe zone) has an additional cost.
	 
	
		Buffs from Guild Halls/Player Housing now comes from the type of room, rather than furniture.
	 
	
		Certain rooms for Player Housing have upgrades.
	 
	
		Player Housing buffs must be assigned to a player. Home owners may use the Housing Evaluation topic to re-assign a room's player(s) once every 30 days.
	 


	New/Rebirth Character Changes:
 



		Players who have submitted a new or rebirth character journal for approval in the past 30 days are eligible to add one of the starting bundles.
	 


	<<2.5 Update Survival Guide>>
 


	Skills:
 



		If you spent more than 15 SP on the Extended Weight Limit skill, refund any SP over 15. If you have spent less than 15 SP, the skill is inactive until a total of 15 is invested.
	 
	
		If you spent more than 12 SP on the Energist skill, refund any SP over 12. If you have spent less than 12 SP, the skill is inactive until a total of 12 is invested.
	 
	
		If you spent more than 8 SP on the Meditation skill, refund any SP over 8. If you have spent less than 8 SP, the skill is inactive until a total of 8 is invested.
	 
	
		If you have the Parry skill, you must spend 2 SP to continue using it. Otherwise, it is inactive until a total of 15 is invested.
	 
	
		If you have the Survival skill, you must spend 3 SP to continue using it. Otherwise, it is inactive until a total of 3 is invested.
	 
	
		If you had the Switch skill, remove it and refund 10 SP.
	 


	Mods:
 



		If you have the Detect mod, keep it and refund 6 SP.
	 
	
		If you have the Tracking mod, keep it and refund 3 SP.
	 
	
		If you have the Emergency Recovery mod, keep it and refund 5 SP.
	 
	
		If you had Rank 1 or 2 of the Ferocity mod, lose it and receive a refund of the SP spent. If you had Rank 3 or 4 of the Ferocity mod, you must spend 6 or 3 SP to continue using it. Otherwise, it is inactive until a total of 15 is invested.
	 
	
		If you spent more than 10 SP on the Finesse mod, refund any SP over 10.
	 
	
		If you have the Large Pockets mod, you must spend 1 SP to continue using it. Otherwise, it is inactive until a total of 10 is invested.
	 
	
		If you had the Larger Pockets mod, it becomes the new Large Pockets mod and you receive a refund of 2 SP.
	 
	
		If you had the Largest Pockets mod, it becomes the new Large Pockets mod and you receive a refund of 5 SP.
	 
	
		If you have the Night Vision mod, keep it and refund 4 SP.
	 
	
		If you have the Vengeful Riposte mod, you must spend 2 SP to continue using it. Otherwise, it is inactive until a total of 12 is invested.
	 


	Professions:
 



		If you had the Fishing profession, all EXP may be transferred to any other profession.
	 
	
		If you had a Tool with the 'Crafting Die' enhancement, you may post it for re-evaluation with the Ambition or Crafting Attempt enhancement (item name/description may not change).
	 
	
		If you retake the Earning a Living quest in order to change professions, your EXP resets to 0 for the new profession. Edit your existing shop thread with your new profession information.
	 


	Housing:
 



		Existing Guild Halls and Player Housing have been removed. They may be repurchased through the Housing Evaluation template.
		

				Players who previously bought a home or hall have been reimbursed for the total col cost in their original housing application.
			 
		
 
	
		If a guild had shared col lost due to the removal of a guild hall, PM the details to @Teion for review/reimbursement.
	 


						
