
Nissan appreciates your interest in its products and your visit to this web site. Your privacy is important to us and we want you to feel comfortable visiting our sites. The protection of your privacy in the processing of your personal data is an important concern to which we pay special attention during our business processes. Personal data collected during visits to our Web sites are processed by us according to the legal provisions valid for the countries in which the Web sites are maintained. In addition our data protection policy complies with Codes of Conduct applicable company-wide for Nissan. The Nissan Web sites may include, however, links to other Web sites which are not covered by this privacy statement.Nissan respects your privacy and personal sphere.Collection and Processing of Personal DataWhen you visit our Web sites, our Web server automatically records the name of your internet service provider, the Web site from which you visit us, the Web sites you actually visit and the date and length of your visit. Nissan uses cookies to follow the preferences of our visitors and optimize our Web sites accordingly. Additional personal data is only stored if volunteered by you, for example in the context of a registration, a survey, a contest or in execution of a contract.Use and Disclosure of Personal Data and Purpose SpecificationNissan will use your personal data for the sole purpose of technical administration of the Web sites, customer fullfilment and administration, product surveys and marketing, only to the extent necessary in each specific case.We will only disclose your data to governmental authorities in cases where it is required by law. Our employees, agencies, and retailers are obliged by us to respect confidentiality and abide by Codes of Conduct of Nissan.Freedom of ChoiceWe should like to use your data to inform you about our products and services and where applicable request your opinion. Naturally your participation is completely voluntary. Should you not consent, you can inform us at any time by postal letter, so that we can specifically prohibit the use of your data accordingly. Please refer to local Brand site services for further instructions.Freedom of InformationUpon written request, Nissan or its retailers will inform you by letter, what personal data is stored by us as defined by local law. If such data is incorrect, we will correct that information at your request. Please refer to local Brand site services for further instructions.SecurityNissan uses technical and organizational security measures in order to protect the data we have under our control against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or against access by unauthorized persons. Our security procedures are continually enhanced as new technology becomes available.

