




PRIVACY POLICY 


By using this site, you agree to the terms of the Spaghetti Book Club Privacy Policy. We may make changes to this policy at any time, so please check this page periodically.
Spaghetti Book Club has created this privacy statement to show you that we are committed to the privacy of every adult and child who visits or posts reviews on the site. This statement explains what information we collect from participating teachers and children, why we ask for the information and how we use the information. 
 

What personal information we ask for and why

Children's information


This policy complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), which prohibits us from collecting information from children under 13 on our Web site without parental consent. No information is collected from children through our site.
Book Reviews

The only information about children that the Spaghetti Book Club collects is through a written parental consent form. When a parent or guardian signs the Spaghetti Book Club consent form we ask for certain information. We ask only for the child's first name, last name, and birth date. 

A child's name is used to properly give credit to each student work. Only a child's first name and the first initial of his/her last name are displayed on the site. For additional privacy, a parent may provide an alias instead of the child's real name. 

A child's birth date is used to calculate age for book reviews and for administration purposes. 

Spaghetti Book Club does not share any of this information with third parties. 
Bulletin Board Messages

In order to post a bulletin board message, a user must enter three initials only. No personally identifiable information is requested. This is to ensure that no personally identifiable information is collected or posted on our Web site without parental approval. Please do not include any personally identifiable information in your bulletin board message. 

Spaghetti Book Club reviews each message before it is posted, to delete any personal information that the user might have inadvertently revealed. This information is also deleted from the records of the Spaghetti Book Club. 
 

Adults' information



Member teachers are those who join the Spaghetti Book Club by filling out a form and paying a membership fee. 

Teachers fill out a registration form on the Web site in order to join the Spaghetti Book Club. This form requires the teacher's name and e-mail address, the name, address and telephone number of the school, the principal's name, the grade of the class and the number of students. 

The only information from teachers that is displayed on the site is the name of the teacher and the school, the city and state where the school is located, and the grade of the class. This information is used to properly give credit to student works. 

Cookies


"Cookies" are pieces of information that are put on a computer by a Web site and can be used to track the identity and activity of a user on a Web site and which features of the site are most often used. 
 



Spaghetti Book Club does not use cookies at all in the areas of the site that are accessed by children. 

The only place that cookies are used is in the password-protected area where teachers who have joined the Spaghetti Book Club sign in to submit student reviews. Cookies are used so that a teacher does not need to enter his or her password each time a different section of the site is accessed. 

Spaghetti Book Club will never use cookies to retrieve information from a visitor's computer for any other purpose. 

Other sites 



Other Web sites may link to our site, and we do not have control over those other sites. We do not support linking by sites that advertise or seek financial benefit from linking to our site. Also be aware that the Spaghetti Book Club is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other sites. 

Spaghetti Book Club may link to other sites on the Internet. Those other sites may have a privacy policy that is different from the Spaghetti Book Club's privacy policy and may use cookies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other sites. 

Please read the Spaghetti Book Club Terms of Use Policy, which states the terms and conditions for using our site. By using this site, you consent to the Spaghetti Book Club Terms of Use Policy.


