Page Content
Privacy Policy Updated December 14, 2015.Welcome to the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM). SHRM is the leading membership association for the human resource profession.  In Part I of this Privacy Statement we set forth SHRM’s privacy policy as to data and information which we collect online  through 
   www.shrm.org or other SHRM websites which link to this Privacy Statement from their site (collectively, “SHRM Websites”).  In Part II of this Privacy Statement we set forth SHRM’s Privacy Policy as to data and information which we collect other than through SHRM Websites.  
   Your use of the SHRM Websites and/or provision of your personally identifiable information, sensitive personal information, or demographic information to SHRM constitutes your consent to the use, storage, processing and transfer of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. SHRM is an organization that is based in the United States.  We comply with U.S. laws governing the privacy of personal information, which may not provide the same level of data protection as provided under the laws of other countries.  The SHRM Foundation, a subsidiary of SHRM, has also adopted this Privacy Policy as the policy of the SHRM Foundation.  
     PART I – SHRM WEBSITES PRIVACY STATEMENTThroughout SHRM Websites, there are forms for visitors to request information, products, and services. These forms may ask for contact information (such as your home and/or work phone number, fax number, street address and/or e-mail address, employer name and job title), unique identifiers (usually your SHRM membership number, if one is available, or other log-in credential), financial information (such as your credit card number), or demographic information (for example, your birth year, location, certification designation, etc.). Contact information from these forms is used to provide the products, promotional materials, or memberships that you request. Forms on our site that request financial information do so in order to bill you for products or services ordered. Unique identifiers (specifically, your SHRM member number) are collected from website visitors to verify the user's identity for access to restricted content or features on the site. This SHRM Privacy Policy discloses SHRM's privacy practices and contains detailed information about the following: What information of yours do SHRM Websites collect?What are "cookies" and how does SHRM use them?What organization collects the information and who has access to it?How does SHRM use the information it collects?How can you modify your personal information?What is the opt-out policy for SHRM Websites?What types of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?How do SHRM Websites use bulletin boards, discussion lists, and moderated chats?Questions or Complaints regarding this Privacy Statement should be directed to: 
    The Society for Human Resource Management 1800 Duke Street 
    Alexandria, Virginia, 22314 
    703-548-3440 or 800-283-7476shrm@shrm.org SHRM Websites will update this policy from time to time, so please check back periodically. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner that is materially different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will endeavor to notify you of such changes (e.g., we will post a revised privacy policy with a new effective date, display the word “updated” next to the privacy policy link on each page on the SHRM Websites, or otherwise), prior to implementing them. 
Frequently-Asked Questions
1. What information of yours do SHRM Websites collect? Our goal is to become your destination for HR-related information by providing information, services, and product offerings that are most relevant to you in the most convenient way. To achieve this goal, SHRM Websites collect information about site visitors. Information collected online is usually defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable. Anonymous information refers to data that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. SHRM collects some information each time a visitor comes to a SHRM website, so we can improve the overall quality of the visitor's online experience. For example, SHRM collects the visitor's IP address, browser, and platform type (e.g., Internet Explorer browser on a Windows platform). Gathering this data helps us to learn what browsers we need to support. Other anonymous information helps us determine what sections of SHRM Websites are most popular and how many visitors come to our site(s). You do not have to register with SHRM Websites before we can collect this anonymous information. Personally identifiable information refers to data that tells us specifically who you are (e.g., your name, home and/or work email address, postal address, phone number and/or fax number, and your employer and job title, and if you are making a purchase, your credit card information). You are only required to provide such information if you want to take advantage of optional products and services provided through our website(s). We may also collect demographic information about you (e.g., birth year, certification designation, etc.). SHRM collects personal information in the following ways from different parts of its website(s): 
SHRM Membership Applications: You are sharing personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, home and/or work email address, postal address, phone number and/or fax number, and your employer and job title, etc., and if you are making a purchase, your credit card information) and demographic information about you (e.g., birth year, certification designation, etc.) with us when you join SHRM or renew your SHRM membership through our website(s). SHRM members will have SHRM membership log-in credentials which enable members to take advantage of restricted content and features on SHRM Websites.
Other Registration: When registering for specific services you may be asked for the same type of personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, home and/or work email address, postal address, phone number and/or fax number, and your employer and job title, etc., and if you are making a purchase, your credit card information) and demographic information about you (e.g., birth year, certification designation, etc., and in the case of certification applications, felony convictions).For example, if you subscribe to an e-mail newsletter, you will be asked to provide your e-mail address.
Online Purchases: When you make a purchase using the SHRMStore or when you subscribe to a SHRM publication through our website we may also ask for the same type of personally identifiable information (e.g., name, home and/or work email address, postal address, phone number and/or fax number, and your employer and job title, etc., and if you are making a purchase, your credit card information) and demographic information about you (e.g., birth year, certification designation, etc.).The number and variety of useful services on SHRM Websites that may require collection of personally identifiable information and demographic information about you will continue to grow in the future. 
2. What are "cookies" and how does SHRM use them? A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer. This unique number identifies your web browser-but not you-to SHRM computers whenever you visit SHRM Websites. A cookie will not provide personally identifiable information about you, such as your name and address. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and cookies are currently used on most major websites. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser to notify you when you have received a cookie. You can also set your browser to refuse to accept cookies altogether. While SHRM does not require you to use cookies, keep in mind that certain services will not function properly if you set your browser to refuse all cookies. To help serve you better, SHRM generally uses cookies to: 
Identify return visitors. Cookies let us remember your web browser so we can provide personalized member services such as My SHRM and SHRM search agents. Cookies also allow us to identify SHRM members who are returning to the site.
Display advertisements. SHRM uses an outside ad company to display SHRM-approved ads on our website and other websites. While we use cookies on other parts of our website(s), the cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company. These cookies allow SHRM to manage the delivery of ads and do not collect personally identifiable information.
3. What organization collects the information and who has access to it? Data collected through SHRM's website(s) is generally collected and maintained solely by SHRM or its contracted vendors. More specifically: 
a.) Personally identifiable information. Information provided when you register for services or products. When you provide personally identifiable information or demographic information about you on SHRM Websites to register for a service, buy a product, or take advantage of a promotion SHRM reserves the right to sell or otherwise provide to selected third parties, mailing/information lists (e.g., names, home and/or work email address, postal address, phone number and/or fax number, and your employer and job title, etc. and demographic information about you such as birth year, certification designation, etc.)derived from such registrations. 
      If you wish to opt out of such list sales/distribution at any time, you may do so by following the directions in Item 6 below.
   Information provided when joining or renewing membership in SHRM. If you join SHRM or renew your membership through our website, you provide personally identifiable information and demographic information about you on the membership application. SHRM reserves the right to sell or otherwise provide mailing/information lists (names, home and/or work postal address, phone number and/or fax number, and employer and job title, etc. and demographic information about member such as birth year, certification designation, etc.) concerning members to selected third-parties. If you wish to opt out of such list sales/distributions at any time during your SHRM membership, you may do so by following the directions in Item 6 below. SHRM does not sell to third-parties, e-mail addresses obtained from member applications or renewals (except that SHRM will rent a member e-mail address if that member has expressly opted in to allow such rentals). Sensitive Personal Information – 
      SHRM does not share with third parties, sensitive personal information such as passcodes, social security numbers, credit card numbers, felony conviction information, or health information except as necessary to complete transactions requested by you and under strict confidentiality and security protections; nor does SHRM publish such sensitive personal information.
b.) Anonymous information. 
    We disclose to third-party sponsors/advertisers aggregate statistics (i.e., impressions and click-throughs on a company's advertisement). Also, we may share aggregate website statistics with the media or other third parties. No personally identifiable information is disclosed to these sponsors/advertisers or other third parties as part of this process, only information in an aggregate form. Be aware that SHRM's sponsors, advertisers, and third-party content providers have links on our site(s) that take you to other websites. For example, when you click on an ad displayed on SHRM Websites, you are linked to another site. Please note also that links to other websites are provided throughout SHRM Websites for users' information and convenience. SHRM hopes that all third parties involved adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users. However, SHRM Websites Privacy Policy does not cover third-party data collection practices, and SHRM Websites do not assume any responsibility for any actions of third parties. SHRM websites use several tools and tracking services to collect information about use of the site, such as the following. Google AnalyticsClicktaleSilverpop Web TrackingOptimizelySHRM ClickstreamWeb Tracking Pixels from :  FacebookDoubleClick by GoogleTurnPingdomThese tools and services collect information such as how often users visit this site, what pages or screens they visit on SHRM websites, mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in the website. We use the information we collect to improve the site, offer better services, and to provide you a more personalized experience, including personalized ads on SHRM websites and other websites. We do not use these tools to collect any personal information nor do we combine the collected information with personally identifiable information. The information may be collected by planting a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user whenever you visit the site. These cookies can only be used by the tools planting them and cannot be shared across tools and the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains.You can choose to opt out of these tools and tracking services by going to the URL - 
   http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. You can also disable cookies on your browser to prevent these tools from recognizing you on return visits to the site. (http://www.usa.gov/optout-instructions.shtml).  Or you can choose to disable the Clicktale service at 
   http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html. 
c.) SHRM Subsidiaries We also allow our subsidiaries, Strategic Human Resource Management India Pvt. Ltd. (“SHRM India”), SHRM China, SHRM MEA FZ (Dubai), SHRM Foundation, SHRM Corporation, Council for Global Immigration, and HR People + Strategy, to use the information which you may provide when you register for services or products or when you join or renew membership in SHRM, to the same extent as SHRM may use such information under this Privacy Policy, and fully subject to the same limits as SHRM is subject to on the use of such information under this Privacy Policy.
 
4. How does SHRM use the information it collects? a.)  General 
 SHRM collects information to provide you with the services you request and to improve our website(s).  We retain this information for as long as we anticipate that we still have a reasonable need for the information.If you join SHRM or renew your SHRM membership through our website(s), we use the personally identifiable information and demographic information you provide in the membership application to send you SHRM publications, information about member benefits and special offers, and other information that SHRM believes is relevant and useful to its members. Similarly, if you register for products or services through our website(s), we may use the personally identifiable information and demographic information you provide us in doing so to send you information that SHRM believes is relevant and useful to you. See Section 3 above as to SHRM policy on list sales.   As mentioned above, SHRM uses the aggregate, anonymous data collected to let our sponsors/advertisers know the number of impressions or views and the number of "click throughs" on their advertisement(s). SHRM also uses this aggregate, anonymous data to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our site visitors; to measure user interests regarding specific areas of SHRM Websites; and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. Without such data, we would not know which parts of SHRM Websites are the most popular, and we would not be able to change and update the content and services appropriately. SHRM may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide information on individual users to the appropriate governmental authorities. In matters involving a danger to personal or public safety, SHRM may voluntarily provide information to appropriate governmental authorities. 
b.) Information Collected in Connection With Certification and Recertification  If you register for certification or recertification services, SHRM uses any personally identifiable information and demographic information you may provide doing so in the same manner as we do when you register for other SHRM products and services.   Examples of how SHRM will 
      not use Certification Candidate information include:
SHRM will not provide information on candidates who do not pass the examSHRM will not provide information on individual item performance to the examinee or any other interested party  SHRM will not use any information related to requests for reasonable accommodation under the ADA, or under similar Non-US requirements, other than is reasonably necessary to provide that accommodation. Examples of how SHRM may use Candidate/Certification information include: 
      Inclusion in a directory of certified professionalsEmail notification/reminders on the status of certification, information on professional development opportunities, organizational news and communicationUse to assist the testing administrator in the scheduling of your exam
c.) Exceptions            On occasion SHRM collects personal information or demographic information through SHRM Websites with the intent to afford a greater degree of privacy for such information than is otherwise set forth in this privacy policy.  In those relatively rare situations where SHRM does so it will clearly disclose to you at the time it collects such information, what degree of privacy will be afforded to the personal information and demographic information collected at such time; and SHRM will follow a process to assure that the specifically disclosed degree of privacy is in fact afforded to such information.  For example, SHRM may collect survey information through a survey where SHRM’s use of any personal information from that survey is more limited than the general SHRM Privacy Statement would otherwise allow; in such a case SHRM will disclose the stricter privacy policy governing that survey information at the time such personal information is collected from the survey respondent.
5. How can you review and modify your personal information or demographic information? You have the following options for modifying or causing to be deleted personal information or demographic information previously provided by you to SHRM. a.)        E-mail: 
   shrm@shrm.org Or if you are a SHRM member you may also visit: Member Dashboardb.)        Send mail to the following postal address: SHRM, 1800 Duke Street, Alexandria, Virginia, 22314, ATTN: Member Care Department. c.)        Call: 703-548-3440 or +1-800-283-7476. 
6. What is the opt-out policy for SHRM Websites? SHRM provides members and customers the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners. If you no longer wish to receive specific communications or services, you have the following options: a.)        You can send an e-mail to: 
   shrm@shrm.org b.)        You can send mail to the following postal address: SHRM, 1800 Duke Street, Alexandria, Virginia, 22314, ATTN: Member Care Department. c.)        You can call the following telephone numbers: +1-800-283-7476 or 703-548-3440. Instructions for opting out of any SHRM e-mail newsletter you receive are included with each e-mail. 
7. Your California Privacy Rights. For California Residents Only.  SHRM may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries or other third parties who may use that information to market directly to you.  As a California resident, you have the right to opt-out of having your personal information licensed to such third parties.  We will not share your information after we have received your notification that you are opting out.  If you wish to opt-out you have the following options: 
SHRM may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries or other third parties who may use that information to market directly to you. As a California resident, you have the right to opt-out of having your personal information licensed to such third parties. We will not share your information after we have received your notification that you are opting out. If you wish to opt-out you have the following options:a.)        You can send an e-mail to: 
   shrm@shrm.org b.)        You can send mail to the following postal address: SHRM, 1800 Duke Street, Alexandria, Virginia, 22314, ATTN: Member Care Department. c.)        You can call the following telephone numbers: +1-800-283-7476 or 703-548-3440. 
8.  What kinds of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information? SHRM Websites have security measures equal to or better than those reasonably expected in the industry, such as firewalls, in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Certain particularly sensitive information, such as your credit card number, collected for a commercial transaction is encrypted prior to transmission.You are ultimately responsible for the security of your SHRM login credentials. You may not share your SHRM login credentials with colleagues or friends so they can access content or features that are restricted to SHRM members only. You should log out of your browser at the end of each computer session to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence, especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe. 
9. How do SHRM Websites use bulletin boards, discussion lists, and moderated chats? SHRM websites makes bulletin boards, discussion lists, and moderated chats available to its members. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Although users may post messages that will appear on the message boards anonymously, SHRM does retain a record of who posts all notes.  PART II – SHRM PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR INFORMATION COLLECTED OTHER THAN THROUGH SHRM WEBSITES If you submit personal information or demographic information to SHRM through any channel other than SHRM Websites, the same privacy rules set forth at Part I above for SHRM Websites will be applied to such personal information and demographic information you submit through channels other than SHRM Websites (including without limitation your opt-out rights at Part I, Section 6 above), except as follows:1. The “cookies” and other tracking devices used by SHRM Websites and described in Part I above do not apply to personal information and demographic information gathered through channels other than SHRM Websites.2. Hardcopy personal information and demographic information provided to SHRM which is not converted to electronic media and hosted by SHRM will be subject to different security procedures than will stored electronic personal information and demographic information; but SHRM does have security measures equal to or better than those reasonably expected in the industry, in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your hardcopy personal information and demographic information under our control.3. When SHRM collects personal information and demographic information through channels other than SHRM Websites it may in some instances apply a different privacy policy to such information; but where it does so it shall conspicuously disclose to you at the time of collection what privacy policy will apply to such information.  For example, SHRM may collect survey information through a survey where SHRM’s use of any personal information from that survey is more limited than the general SHRM Privacy Statement would otherwise allow; in such a case SHRM will disclose the stricter privacy policy governing that survey information at the time such personal information is collected from the survey respondent.
Privacy Policy Effective May, 2002. Updated February 24, 2011, August 7, 2014 and October 1, 2015.