By clicking "Accept", you agree to us doing so. If you do not agree, you can click "Manage" below to review your options.We use cookies on The Crossword Solver to help our site work, to understand how it is used and to tailor the advertisements shown on our site. Some of these cookies will send your data to our advertising partners. Advertising ensures that the site free to use.Privacy Policy
Crossword Solver respect your privacy.  We don't ask you to register with the site so don't keep any personal information.
We do automatically collect anonymous information such as the type of computer operating system you are using, where (to the city) you are accessing the site from and other similar analytical information.  This information is anonymous and is used only to assess site performance and guide us in future developments.
Cookies
Crossword Solver create a limited number of cookies for user analysis tracking.  This allows us to determine if a visitor is new or returning.
If you choose to disable cookies in your browser this will not adversely affect you using Crossword Solver unless you use a mobile browser as we won't be able to remember your preferences regarding the mobile and desktop sites.
To learn more about cookies you can search in your preferred search engine or you could try http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Manage our cookies
When you save your cookie preferences on The Crossword Solver, we need to create a cookie on your device in order to remember your preference.  If you clear your cookies, access the site using "incognito" modes or change devices, we will be unable to remember your choices and you'll be asked again.
Allow us to analyse your site usage

Allow us to show personalised advertising


Please note: disabling advertising cookies will not stop all advertising on the site, it will only prevent personalised, relevant advertisements being shown.
Third Party Advertisers
Crossword Solver is funded through advertising and affiliate programs.  Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting purposes or showing certain ads based on your interests.  Crossword Solver do not have access to any cookies generated by Third Party providers
