
Information that you provide us directly
We collect personal information whenever you contact us and provide us with information that we are able to identify you by, including when you contact us by phone, email or when you sign up to use any of our services. In particular, we collect information about you when you register and create a Tes and/or THE account, post content on any of our Sites (such as on any forums or chatrooms), upload your CV, purchase a product from us (such as through the Tes Store), subscribe to receive a product or service that we offer (for example, a magazine subscription), subscribe to receive email updates from us, take part in a competition or market research and every time you e-mail us directly. We also collect information about the payment methods that you use for any transactions that you make with us. 

Content posted by you containing personal information
If you post any personal information to any of our public forums, this information will immediately be made available to other users throughout the world who may use it to send you unsolicited communications. In some circumstances we may display pseudonyms that identify you as a user but not your actual personal information (your username for example) when you post material to the Sites to allow users to identify each other.

Information that we automatically collect (including use of "cookies")
We automatically gather certain limited information about your visits to our Sites. This includes demographic data and browsing patterns. Information automatically received includes your: IP address (which identifies the computer or device that you use to access the Sites); the time and date of your visit; browser; operating system; internet connection details, as well as a breakdown of your journey through our Sites and products that you searched for. This is used to build up marketing profiles, to aid strategic development, to manage our relationship with advertisers and to audit usage of the Sites. 

Use of Cookies
In particular, we use cookies to collect this information. A cookie is a small collection of data sent by a web server to a web browser, which lets the server collect information back from the browser. Our use of cookies also may allow registered users to be presented with a personalised version of the Sites.
Our Sites use ad servers (such as "Doubleclick") to serve the advertisements that you see on pages from our Sites. That partner uses cookies to collect information about your use of our Sites to help target ads to your interests. To find out more about the use of cookies and the information-gathering practices and opt-out procedures of DoubleClick please go to http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy.  
Please note that if you do disable cookies, certain services on our Sites may not be available. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use products or services that require you to "sign in" and you may not be able to take full advantage of offerings or use on all our Sites.
For further information please see our Cookies Policy https://www.tes.com/terms/cookies-policy and for more independent information about cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org.

Information that we collect from third parties
Certain third party partners of Tes may provide us with information relating to you. It is that third party's responsibility to ensure that it has obtained your consent to do this. However, where possible, we will request from our partners that they have the right to pass on this information.

