Coordination with the Educational CommunityStrong, supportive relationships between the Organization, Foundation, state FFA associations, state FFA foundations and others in the agricultural education community are critical to our success. Given the importance of these relationships, FFA seeks to remain fully aligned with our stakeholders’ privacy concerns. FFA will only utilize data provided by members and stakeholders to further the educational mission of FFA and agricultural education. In addition, personal information obtained on official FFA membership rosters, registrations and directories, (i.e., roster-derived data) provided by local schools and state associations will only be used for FFA donor campaigns upon written permission from the respective state supervisor of agricultural education for each state in which a donor activity is to be conducted.
Privacy of Children
FFA provides additional privacy protections when children visit the website. We do not knowingly collect, maintain or store personal information from or about children under the age of 13 without a parent’s and/or legal guardian’s consent, except in limited circumstances authorized by law and described in this notice. If you are under the age of 18, please read this privacy policy with a parent or legal guardian. If you are under the age of 13, your FFA advisor and the National FFA Organization must have your parent’s or legal guardian’s consent before collecting any personal information.
Information collected from children consists of membership roster data including name, home address, age, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, birthdate, gender, ethnicity, race, residence type, high school graduation year, grade level and t-shirt size. This information, which may be shared with state associations and local chapters, is used to help students complete applications for awards and recognition, create participation portfolios, deliver the FFA magazine to students’ home addresses and notify students and their parents and/or guardians of opportunities supportive of the educational mission and objectives of FFA. We do not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the foregoing activities. We do not disclose information collected from children to unaffiliated third parties.
Parents and legal guardians may review personal information we have collected about their child, request deletion or refuse to allow further collection or use of the information. To do so, please contact Compliance Officer, National FFA Organization, 6060 FFA Drive, Indianapolis, IN 46268, privacy@ffa.org, 317-802-6060.
