
Disclaimer
Your use of the Manchester Metropolitan University Website is subject to the terms and conditions on this page and the pages linked to it.
Whilst the University makes every effort to ensure that the site is up to date and accurate, we cannot give any warranty that this is the case. The University expressly excludes liability for loss or damage arising from your use of this site (except in the case of death or personal injury arising from our negligence).
“Use of this site” includes, but is not limited to, the following:

Reliance placed upon information on the site
The downloading of materials from the site
The accessing of other parts of the Internet or sites from links on this site
In the case of downloading of materials it is your responsibility to ensure that material is virus checked by up to date virus software.

This website contains a “blogging” section, within which some current Students have published their thoughts on life at MMU etc. Whilst MMU makes every effort to ensure that the comments published in this section of the site do not contain any defamatory or discriminatory material, we cannot give any warranty that this is the case. MMU takes no responsibility for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the comments published.
From time to time this website may include links to other third party websites. These links are used to provide further information and are not intended to signify that MMU endorses such websites and/or their content. MMU takes no responsibility for any loss or damage suffered as a result of using any information published on any of the pages on the linked third party websites.
back to top ⇧
Copyright Notice
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright of all the material on this site is held by The Manchester Metropolitan University, a member of staff or Student. You may view or download information from the site for personal use. Information may not be published in any other format without the express written permission of the University or the copyright holder. Applications for permission should be made to the copyright holder. If it is not apparent who the copyright holder is please contact the New Media Manager.
back to top ⇧
Complaints About Copyright Or Offensive Material
If you wish to complain about material on this site because you believe either:

there is a breach of copyright; or
that the material is defamatory or otherwise in breach of law,

the University will investigate in accordance with its approved procedure.
Complaints should be directed to the New Media Manager.
back to top ⇧
Acceptable Use Policy
JANET is the name given to the networking services and facilities provided by funding councils and other bodies to support the UK educational research community.
The Manchester Metropolitan University is committed to the Acceptable Use Policy established by the United Kingdom Education and Research Networking Association (UKERNA). Full details of the Policy, including acceptable uses, unacceptable uses and compliance, can be found on the JANET website. Any breach of the Policy should be drawn to the attention of the New Media Manager.
back to top ⇧
Privacy
The Manchester Metropolitan University takes your privacy seriously. Your rights are protected by the Data Protection Act 1998 and the University is fully committed to ensuring that you have the full protection afforded by legislation.
The University has a comprehensive Data Protection Policy which governs how it collects and handles all information from any source. That includes any personal information collected over the Internet via this website.
Where the website seeks to elicit specific personal information about you, further details of the policy and its operation will be provided on the page in question.
Individuals have rights of access to information held about them by the University. Anyone wishing to have access to such information should write to the Data Protection Officer, The Manchester Metropolitan University, Legal Department, All Saints, Oxford Road, Manchester M15 6BH. A fee is payable for this service. Details of the current fee can be obtained by contacting the Legal Department.
back to top ⇧
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the provision of the University's Educational Services
Introduction
Welcome to the Manchester Metropolitan University’s general Terms and Conditions. Please read these Terms and Conditions and the documents detailed within carefully before applying to the University, accepting our offer and again before enrolling with us. It isn’t possible to provide the full detail of every policy or procedure that may apply to your studies or the services offered by the University within the text of these Terms and Conditions. You will find a number of links included within these Terms and Conditions or the documents referred to within them that will allow you to access more detailed information on particular areas. We know that we’re providing a lot of information to you so we’ve also included a number of annotations to try to explain in plain language some key points. The annotations don’t form part of our contract but we hope they help you; there’s no hidden small print and we’ve tried to make sure that our terms and conditions are easy to understand and fair. From here on in, we’ll refer to Manchester Metropolitan University as “the University”, to you as “you” or a “student” and to these Terms and Conditions as the “Terms”.
Please note that during your time as a student with us, it is the University’s policy to use your University email address to communicate with you. Please check your emails regularly to make sure you stay up to date.
The provision of educational services by the Manchester Metropolitan University is subject to terms and conditions of contract and enrolment.
Course Information
Our printed prospectus is intended to provide an overview of our programmes of study and the University. It is developed well in advance of the start of the academic year and therefore the information within the printed prospectus reflects the courses as they are at that time. Our online prospectus contains the most up to date information on our courses so please check back regularly including before you apply for a place and again before you accept your offer. We regularly update our online prospectus so that our published course information is accurate and up to date.
Changes to Courses
Please note that our programmes are subject to review and development on an ongoing basis. Changes may sometimes be necessary. For example, to comply with the requirements of professional or accrediting bodies or as a result of student feedback or external examiners reports. In addition, we also need to ensure that our courses are dynamic and current and that the content and structure maintain academic standards and enhance the quality of the student experience. We only make changes where we consider it necessary to do so and/or where we feel that certain changes are in the best interests of students. Occasionally, we have to make changes for reasons outside of our control. For further information on when we may make changes to your course and the consultation process that is involved, please see section 8 of these Terms.
1. What is the contract between you and the University?
At its heart, it is a contract under which the University agrees to provide educational services and the facilities for you to study and you agree to progress those studies at the University. Successful provision of the services does however rely upon a strong partnership between you, staff and the University. Underpinning the partnership is a number of policies and procedures and you will find these within the Policies, Regulations and Procedures for Students document relevant to your year of study. Please do read these Terms and all other information provided to you with your offer letter carefully to make sure you understand what the University agrees to provide and what you will need to comply with and do. It is your responsibility to make sure that all the information you provide to the University is accurate and true.
2. What makes up the contract?
The contract between you and the University is formed when you accept our offer of a place, although in order to commence your programme of study you may need to satisfy certain conditions or admission requirements, as notified to you during the recruitment and admissions process. Your student contract is made up of a number of key documents (we call them the “Key Contract Documents”). These are:

These Terms and Conditions applicable to the provision of the University’s Educational Services and any other document referred to within.
The University’s guide on Policies, Regulations and Procedures for Students and the policies and procedures referred to within as applicable to your year of study. The version relevant to the 2016 academic year of entry will be updated here shortly. You will find further information on the University’s key policies and procedures within this guide. There is a helpful summary of each policy or procedure and you can follow or enter the link to read the fully policy, procedure or guidance. These policies and procedures are very relevant to your studies so please familiarise yourself with them so you know what to expect. It’s worth adding that your particular faculty may have additional policies or procedures which will be brought to your attention.
Your offer letter and any other document referred to within, including the Key Facts about your programme and the Information for Offer Holders document. Your offer may be conditional or unconditional. If you need to satisfy any conditions, you may need to fulfil these before a set date otherwise we may withdraw your offer or defer your application or entry to the next academic year. You will only be able to enrol with us if you meet both the academic and non-academic admission requirements. The University’s Recruitment and Admissions Policy provides further information on the student recruitment process. If you have a complaint about our recruitment or admission process, please see our applicants Student Appeals and Complaints policy for Applicants for further information.

In addition to the Key Contract Documents, some programmes of study may require you to: a) agree to supplemental terms and conditions, for example, if you are studying on an apprenticeship programme, b) agree to the terms and conditions of other third parties, such as a sponsor or funder, placement provider, professional bodies, accrediting bodies or relevant third party providers. If there is any conflict between a third party’s terms and conditions and the Key Contract Documents, our Key Contract Documents will take priority. You will also need to abide by a number of terms and conditions relating to access to and use of particular University services, for example, those relating to use of the University’s computing and information technology services.
We’re just letting you know which documents make up your student contract and that when you accept your offer, you’re agreeing to the Key Contract Documents including these Terms and the document referred to within. There may be additional terms and conditions relating to different University services but you’ll have the opportunity to read and consider these before you access or use those services.
If you are an undergraduate student you will usually have applied to the University via the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (“UCAS”). UCAS acts as an intermediary between you, as applicant, and the University. Although you can accept an offer of a place on the UCAS portal, please wait until you receive our formal offer letter so that you can fully consider the information provided by us and the terms, conditions and regulations that will apply to your studies, before you accept the offer of a place. We only consider our contract to be formed when you accept our offer.
We want to explain the role of UCAS and let you know when your student contract is created.
By accepting an offer of a place at the University you accept these Terms and the Key Contract Documents, as amended from time to time, in full. In the event we are required to make any significant changes to the contract between us we will manage such changes in accordance with section 8 (changes to course provision and other changes). The University may withdraw or amend an offer at any time up until you accept it, or after acceptance if it comes to the University’s attention that your application contained incorrect or missing information.
Your student contract with us will end if you cancel or withdraw. Find further information on withdrawing from your studies.
Please also see section 6 of these Terms for further information. Your student contract may also end if it is ended by us, for example, following disciplinary action under our Student Code of Conduct or following a decision made under our Fitness to Study policy. Or, if you are an international student and you fail to satisfy your visa or immigration responsibilities as required by the United Kingdom Home Office or the University’s policies or procedures relating to international students. Please see our guide on international visas for further information. This document explains the reporting and record-keeping duties of the University. It also explains what you need to do during your studies at the University to protect your immigration status in the UK. By enrolling with the University, you agree to meet these responsibilities. If you do not, it may affect your stay in the UK.
3. Cancellation Rights
Where you have applied via the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service, although we provide you with the statutory right to cancel, this does not mean that we will necessarily be able to amend your status with UCAS should you decide to cancel. Please refer to UCAS for further details on how to withdraw or amend your application.
You have a statutory right to cancel your contract with us within 14 days without giving any reason. The cancellation period will expire after 14 days from the day of the conclusion of your student contract. This will be 14 days from the day you accept the offer of a place at the University. To exercise the right to cancel, you must inform the University in writing at: The Manchester Metropolitan University, Recruitment and Admissions, Business School/Student Hub, All Saints Campus, M15 6BH; or by email to admissions@mmu.ac.uk, of your decision to cancel your contract by providing a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post or e-mail). You may use the Model Cancellation Form but it is not obligatory. The University will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt of such a cancellation on a durable medium (e.g. by e-mail) without delay. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
If you cancel your contract, we will normally reimburse to you all payments received from you (subject to the terms of our Refund Policy. Please see our finance website for further information). We will process the reimbursement without undue delay, and no later than 14 days after the day on which we are informed about your decision to cancel your contract provided we have all relevant information. We will make the reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise or unless restricted by law; in any event, we will not add any additional fees as a result of the reimbursement.
By accepting our offer, you will also be providing us with express consent, if relevant, to start delivering your course within your legal cancellation period.
As well as the statutory right to cancel, we provide you with a right to withdraw from your course within 14 days after you enrol with us, however, depending on when you withdraw, you may be liable for your fees (or a proportion of them). Please see our finance website for further information.
A number of our programmes do not attract a statutory or institutional right to cancel. If this applies to your programme you will be informed at the point of offer.
We need to let you know about your statutory right to cancel. This is different to the way you can withdraw, suspend or defer your studies.
4. Payment of fees
It is very important that you read the University Regulations for the Payment of University Fees as relevant to your programme of study. These regulations are the key financial policies and procedures that you agree to abide by at the University, so it is essential that you familiarise yourself with them. You will find extensive guidance for students on a wide range of issues relating to the payment of fees and deposits (if applicable) on our finance website. Course fees may be subject to an inflationary increase and/or an increase due to changes in the law or government requirements. Where your tuition fees may increase year on year you will be provided with further information within the Key Facts document.
You may be required to pay a proportion or all of your fees if you withdraw or suspend from your studies. For more information on how we calculate fee responsibility or refunds, please see the Regulations for Payment of Fees document. Please note that withdrawing from or suspending your studies may also have implications for your agreement with the Student Loans Company or other financial support you may be receiving or due to receive.
You are personally responsible for paying your course fees, including if you are sponsored by a third party and they do not pay your fees as planned.
If you are an Undergraduate student, you are responsible for liaising with Student Finance if you are funding your studies through a loan. In the event that Student Finance does not pay your fees you will be obliged to pay yourself. If your loan application is approved, the Student Loans Company will pay the University directly.
Postgraduate students should refer to the online information about the Postgraduate Loans Scheme.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding your course fees, please contact Student Billings on 0161 247 2937.
Please note that, ultimately, you may not be able to continue with your studies should you fail to pay your course fees. You must make sure that you pay your course fees and any other applicable costs or charges on time otherwise the University may be entitled to take certain steps against you including imposing sanctions (as set out within the Regulations for the Payment of Fees document, including taking action to legally recover any debts). If you find yourself in financial difficulty during your studies, please contact Manchester Met’s Student Financial Support or the Student Union’s advice centre.
It’s really important that you make suitable arrangements for the payment of your fees. We will try to support you and direct you to appropriate sources of help should you experience financial difficulties but, ultimately, we’ll expect you to plan well and pay on time. Occasionally, we need to apply sanctions for non-payment of course fees.
5. What does the University expect of you?
The University expects you to play a full and active role in progressing your studies at the University in line with the Student Engagement Policy. Alongside the obligations in these Terms, the University has developed Our Commitment Statement. The Commitment Statement sets out the intention of the University and the Students’ Union to work in partnership with you as a Manchester Metropolitan University student in supporting your learning and helping you succeed, and sets out your own role in ensuring that success, and the standards of behaviour and personal responsibility expected of our students. Although the University would like to draw your attention to the Commitment, it is not intended to be legally binding or to form part of the Key Contract Documents.
6. The University’s Regulations
By accepting your offer and enrolling at the University you agree to comply with the general Terms and Conditions, the Policies, Regulations and Procedures document and all policies and procedures referred to within.
Are there any Particularly Important or Surprising Terms?
There are some provisions we need to draw your particular attention to as they can result in a disciplinary process and ultimately mean you may not be able to continue at the University. These include:
Some programmes (or aspects of a programme such as a practice placement) may have specific requirements for an occupational health check or a relevant criminal record check with the Disclosure and Barring Service.
If there are any other particularly surprising conditions or facts about your programme of study we’ll always try to let you know (usually this will be at offer).
7.Professional Suitability and Fitness to Practise
Some programmes of study will require you to register with a professional, statutory or regulatory body and/or to practice under licence. It is your responsibility to ensure that all necessary declarations (including but not limited to criminal records, medical conditions, disabilities) are made to the University during the admissions process and during the period of study, and that you comply with all relevant rules and regulations during study (and placement, if appropriate) including paying any associated registration or licence fees and maintaining any licences, registrations or consents. The University will use its reasonable endeavours to support students in attaining fitness to practice but accepts no responsibility in the event that a student is declared not fit for practice.
8. Changes to Course Provision (and other changes)
Our printed prospectus and supporting marketing materials are published well in advance of the start of the academic year and therefore the online prospectus provides the more detailed and up to date information on our programmes of study. Please check the online prospectus information before applying to the University and just before accepting your offer of a place. The University will use all reasonable endeavours to deliver your course in accordance with the descriptions applied to it in the online prospectus for the academic year in which you begin your course. However, the University is entitled to make reasonable changes to ensure the University delivers the best quality of educational experience to you.
Some examples of these changes include:

Keeping our course content and delivery up to date and relevant. We may need to implement technical adjustments and/ or improvements, for example: to reflect developments in academic teaching, research and/or professional standards/requirements; to address any external examiner feedback received as part of their annual reports and/or results from our regular student feedback sessions. To set out further examples, we may make adjustments to: aspects of the curriculum – to ensure that this is current and reflects developments in the subject area; the methods of assessment, assessment weightings, and the word length of individual assignments; and adjustments to the learning outcomes and how these are assessed.
Changes as a result of a programme review. It is standard practice for the University to undertake a formal review of all of its taught provision in line with national, professional body and regulatory requirements. The aim of each programme review is to ensure, on a periodic basis, that the design, academic standards and quality of learning opportunities of existing programmes remain appropriate to the awards to which they lead, and are informed by reference to institutional regulations and policies, national benchmarks and relevant professional and employment demands. Programme review is normally carried out at 6-yearly intervals, but can take place at a more frequent interval where required. Programme review may result in certain changes to a programme of study. These changes will be made to enhance the quality of provision we provide to students.
To reflect changes in relevant laws, statutory, regulatory and/or professional body requirements and/or sector regulation.
Reviewing and refreshing optional modules. As indicated within our online prospectus the optional modules listed are indicative and may be subject to change. We do not guarantee that an optional unit will always run in any given academic year as options may be dependent on student choice, numbers and staff expertise.
Altering the location of the course. For example, following campus consolidation to allow the University to provide the best facilities and academic provision for its students.

In making any such changes, the University will aim to keep the changes to the minimum necessary to achieve the required quality of experience and will usually notify and/or consult (depending on the nature of the change) with affected students/offer holders (as applicable) about changes that are required.
In respect of material changes, we will take reasonable steps to obtain student consent (and, where appropriate, the consent of applicants who have accepted an offer who may be directly affected by the change) and we will inform the affected students if we implement the change(s). If you did not consent to the change and our implementation of the change causes you detriment or hardship we will, if appropriate, work with you to try to reduce the adverse effect on you or find an appropriate solution. Some examples of a material change include:

A change of award or course title
A change to the availability of or discontinuance of a core unit
A change to the type of assessment for your course (but not the type of changes set out in point a) above.

Sometimes circumstances may arise which are beyond the control of the University. Examples (without limitation) of such circumstances include:

industrial action by University staff or third parties
the unanticipated departure of key members of University staff or unavoidable specialist staff absence
acts of terrorism or a security threat
damage or interruption to buildings, facilities or equipment
severe weather conditions
the acts of any governmental or local authority; or
where the numbers recruited to a course are so low that it is not possible to deliver an appropriate quality of education for students enrolled on it. If we withdraw a course that you have applied for or accepted an offer for we will use reasonable endeavours to offer an alternative arrangement such as a different course or a refund of your fees (if already paid).

In these circumstances, the University will provide as much notice as possible and will take all reasonable steps to minimise the resultant disruption by, for example, delivering a modified version of the course, or offering affected applicants or students the chance to move to another course or institution (where reasonably practicable). To the fullest extent it is possible under the general law the University excludes liability for any loss and/or damage suffered by any applicant or student as a result of such circumstances.
If the University changes your course in a fundamental way and you are not satisfied with the changes, you will be offered the opportunity to withdraw from the programme and, if required, reasonable support to transfer to another provider. It should be noted that this is without prejudice to your statutory right of cancellation and to any other remedy which you would be entitled by law to seek.
From time to time, we may also need to make changes to the Key Contract Documents or these Terms.
9. Intellectual Property
If you create intellectual property rights (IPR) during your studies or research, the standard position is that you will own such rights, unless:

you are a postgraduate student and receive a University studentship in which case such IPR will be owned by the University subject to any alternative arrangements with you;
you are a postgraduate student and receive a bursary from, or have your fees paid or subsidised by, a sponsor in which case ownership of such IPR will be subject to the arrangement between you, the University and the sponsor;
you generate IPR which builds upon existing IPR generated by, or is jointly invented with University employees or associates, in which case you will be required to assign such IPR to the University and in respect of revenue generated by that IPR, you may be entitled to apportioned income; or
you are also an employee of the University and developed the IPR in that capacity.

You will find a lot more information in our Intellectual Property Policy.
10. Complaints
The University recognises there may be occasions where students wish to raise legitimate complaints relating to their course, or the facilities and services provided by the University. It is important to both students and staff to know that such complaints will be dealt with seriously and transparently, and without fear of recrimination. To ensure that this happens, the University has in place a Student Complaints Procedure, which details procedures and parameters for making a complaint, alongside what action may be taken in response to complaints.
If having exhausted all stages of the University’s internal complaints procedure, a student considers that the University has failed to consider and respond to their complaint appropriately, the student can refer their complaint to the Office of the Independent Adjudicator for Higher Education, which provides an independent scheme for the review of student complaints.
If you have a complaint about our recruitment or admission process, please see our applicant appeals and complaints policy and appeal and complaints procedure for further information.
11. Data Protection
The University is registered as a data controller with the Office of the Information Commissioner. The University will hold and process your personal data including some sensitive personal data. As a student you agree to this data being processed in accordance with our Data Protection Policy. Further information about how we will use the personal information you provide to us can be found in our Data Protection Notice to Students.
If you have any queries relating to access to or storage of data, please review the Data Protection Policy which will provide guidance as to how to address any queries you may have.
Examination pass lists and/or degree classifications may be published. If you do not wish your results to be published in this way, you must notify the Director of Registry Services stating your reasons in writing by no later than seven days before you complete your examination or assessment. Your reasons will be considered and, where it is felt that publication of your results is likely to cause substantial damage or substantial distress and that this would be unwarranted, publication will be withheld.
You are obliged to provide the University with up to date contact details.
12. Students who are under 18 on entry
Higher education is an adult environment and courses may not always be suitable for those who are under 18, who are legally defined as children. Students are therefore normally expected to be 18 years of age by 1 September of the year in which they enrol. The University therefore reserves the right not to enrol anyone who has not met this age criterion; each case will be considered individually. The University is committed to the safety and well-being of all its Students but has particular responsibilities in relation to those who are under 18 when they arrive. Our unfiltered access to the internet and some materials in the library are unsuitable for Students under 18.
You must be 18 or over to enter into a contract for Manchester Met University accommodation. If you will be under 18 on or after the start of the contract you will not be eligible for our accommodation. However, help and advice is available from Manchester Student Homes, a company jointly owned and managed by Manchester Metropolitan University and the University of Manchester.
When the University makes an offer to any applicant who will be under 18 on entry it will also provide further guidance to the applicant and his or her parents or guardian, together with a consent form for their parent or guardian to complete. The provision of consent and agreement to the University’s terms for under 18s are conditions of enrolment.
13. Other services
Other, non-educational services provided by the University to you, for example residential accommodation and sports centre membership, amount to separate and distinct contracts and are therefore subject to separate contractual terms. You may also enter into separate contractual arrangements with other third parties such as a sponsor, your employer e.g. the NHS if you are on certain professional courses. The Students Loan Company is not a part of the University and your contract for funding (if applicable) will be with Student Finance England directly.
The rules and regulations relating to use of particular University services, such as IT facilities and library and learning resources are set out within section 6 of the Information for Offer Holders document provided to you at offer.
14. Third Party Rights
No third party has any rights to enforce any of these Terms or any term of your student contract.
15. Law
Our contract and the Key Contract Documents shall be governed by English law.
16. Changes to Terms and Conditions
Any modifications to the Terms and Conditions or the Policies, Regulations and Procedures for Students document will be made available on the University’s website, which you should check back to regularly.
back to top ⇧
