

				 
				
		 Privacy
			
				


Home
	   
	  
	  
	   Privacy and Cookie Statement
	  
	  
		
		 
		  
		   
			   
	
		
			
				Privacy and Cookie Statement
This statement relates to the privacy practices of Limerick Institute of Technology ("LIT") in connection with LIT's websites. 
General statement 
Limerick Institute of Technology fully respects your right to privacy and actively seeks to preserve the privacy rights of those who share personal information with LIT. 
Collection and use of personal information
LIT does not collect any personal information about you on it's websites apart from information which you volunteer. Any personal information which you volunteer to LIT in connection with it's websites will be treated in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988 and Data Protection (Amendment) Act 2003. Accordingly, LIT shall only process such information in line with the purpose for which you provided it to the extent necessary to provide you with the information or service you require. LIT shall not disclose your information to third parties unless you are specifically informed otherwise or we require a third party to process the information on our behalf (in which case LIT requires these third parties to comply with its instructions and we require that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes, unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way). 
Collection and use of technical information/cookies 
This website uses cookies which are small text files placed on your computer so that LIT's website scripts can analyse how users use the website and record your preferences. The four different types of cookies used are as follows:
myProspectus is used to save a list of all the courses you like on the site. On each course page you will see a button to add that course to this list. A cookie is used to remember any courses you choose to add to the the myProspectus page  
When you visit the LIT website on a mobile device you are brought to the mobile view of the site. However you have the option of switching to the full website view. A cookie is used to remember your preference.
 
LIT uses Google Analytics (a tool which uses cookies) to collect traffic data to help us analyse how users use the site. They are used to collect anonymous data on user behaviour and are not used to personally identify a visitor. The information stored in the cookie is transmitted to Google and then used to evaluate visitors' use of these websites and to compile statistical reports on website activity for LIT. Technical details in connection with visits to these websites may be logged by LIT's internet service provider for accounting and auditing purposes. It is the policy of LIT not to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from the LIT’s internet service provider, which records such data on LIT’s behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard, and Google as outlined above), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. For further information on the privacy of Google Analytics data, including details of how to opt-out, please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html  
When you first visit this website you will see a message at the top of the page informing you about the site's use of cookies. If you click the ‘close' button, the website script will set a cookie which records your preference thereby generally improving your user experience. For more information on how to manage cookies, including how to opt-out of this “functional” cookie please visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=1 
 
How to disable these cookies
LIT shall assume that you consent to the placement of these cookies on your device unless you specifically disable them. Users may disable these cookies from their web browser with no loss of functionality. This can be achieved through 
your browser settings - the help function within your browser should tell you how; or 
or you can learn how by visiting the websites referred to above. 
Links
LIT is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. The privacy practices on these websites may differ from that on LIT's websites, and we advise that you review the other websites’ policies before providing personal information. Within the LIT domain (.lit.ie) you may find websites over which LIT has no editorial responsibility. Such sites can include the websites of student organisations, etc. While LIT expects compliance with this privacy statement at such sites, please contact helpdesk@lit.ie if you encounter LIT websites that are not compliant with this privacy and cookie statement. 
Right of Access & Rectification
You have the right to ask for a copy of your personal data (in which case LIT is entitled to charge a nominal fee). If you wish to avail of this right, you should submit a written request to: 
Freedom of Information OfficeLimerick Institute of TechnologyMoylish Park CampusLimerick 
In order to protect your privacy, you may also be asked to provide suitable proof of identification. If any of your details are incorrect please let us know and we will amend them. 
Revisions to Privacy Statement
LIT may revise this privacy statement from time to time. Changes to this privacy statement will be posted here so you should periodically check this page to review the most recent statement. If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of LIT's websites they should be referred to the Freedom of Information Officer at the address set out above. 
			
		
	

			    
		   
		    
		   
			   
	

	

			    
		   
		    
		  
		 
		
	  
	

		


