

				 
				
		 Privacy
			
				


Home
	   
	  
	  
	   Cookie Statement
	  
	  
		
		 
		  
		   
			   
	
		
			
				Cookie Statement
This statement relates to the privacy practices of Limerick Institute of Technology ("LIT") in connection with LIT's websites. 
General statement 
Limerick Institute of Technology fully respects your right to privacy and actively seeks to preserve the privacy rights of those who share personal information with LIT. For further information, please see the Data Protection section of this website.
Collection and use of personal information
LIT does not collect any personal information about you on it's websites apart from information which you volunteer. Any personal information which you volunteer to LIT in connection with it's websites will be treated in accordance with the Irish Data Protection Acts and the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Accordingly, LIT shall only process such information in line with our privacy notices.
Collection and use of technical information/cookies 
This website uses cookies which are small text files placed on your computer so that LIT's website scripts can analyse how users use the website and record your preferences. The four different types of cookies used are as follows:
myProspectus is used to save a list of all the courses you like on the site. On each course page you will see a button to add that course to this list. A cookie is used to remember any courses you choose to add to the the myProspectus page  
When you visit the LIT website on a mobile device you are brought to the mobile view of the site. However you have the option of switching to the full website view. A cookie is used to remember your preference.
 
LIT uses Google Analytics (a tool which uses cookies) to collect traffic data to help us analyse how users use the site. They are used to collect anonymous data on user behaviour and are not used to personally identify a visitor. The information stored in the cookie is transmitted to Google and then used to evaluate visitors' use of these websites and to compile statistical reports on website activity for LIT. Technical details in connection with visits to these websites may be logged by LIT's internet service provider for accounting and auditing purposes. It is the policy of LIT not to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from the LIT’s internet service provider, which records such data on LIT’s behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard, and Google as outlined above), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. For further information on the privacy of Google Analytics data, including details of how to opt-out, please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html  
When you first visit this website you will see a message at the top of the page informing you about the site's use of cookies. If you click the ‘close' button, the website script will set a cookie which records your preference thereby generally improving your user experience. For more information on how to manage cookies, including how to opt-out of this “functional” cookie please visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=1 
 
How to disable these cookies
LIT shall assume that you consent to the placement of these cookies on your device unless you specifically disable them. Users may disable these cookies from their web browser with no loss of functionality. This can be achieved through 
your browser settings - the help function within your browser should tell you how; or 
or you can learn how by visiting the websites referred to above. 
Links
LIT is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. The privacy practices on these websites may differ from that on LIT's websites, and we advise that you review the other websites’ policies before providing personal information. Within the LIT domain (.lit.ie) you may find websites over which LIT has no editorial responsibility. Such sites can include the websites of student organisations, etc. While LIT expects compliance with this privacy statement at such sites, please contact helpdesk@lit.ie if you encounter LIT websites that are not compliant with this privacy and cookie statement. 

Revisions to Cookie Statement
LIT may revise this cookie statement from time to time. Changes to this privacy statement will be posted here so you should periodically check this page to review the most recent statement. If you have any questions about this cookie statement or the practices of LIT's websites they should be referred to the Information and Compliance Officer at the address set out above. 
​
			
		
	

			    
		   
		    
		   
			   
	

	

			    
		   
		    
		  
		 
		
	  
	

		


