If we share your information, we do so only as described below.With vendorsWe’ve figured out ways to do a lot of things on our own, but we haven’t quite figured out how to do all of it. We may provide your information to our contractors, agents, and service providers as necessary to enable them to perform certain services for us, including but not limited to:order fulfillmentdelivery servicespayment processingvision insurance claim processingaccount registrationwebsite-related services, such as web hostingimprovement of website-related services and featuresmaintenance servicesdata analyticsWith marketing and advertising partnersWe may share your information with third parties for their advertising and marketing purposes, which may include sending you direct mail that may interest you. If you prefer that we not share your address with third parties, you can opt out at https://dmachoice.thedma.org. Some of our third-party advertising partners use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your online activities on our Services and across other online services in order to deliver more relevant advertising when you are using the Services or other websites.You can learn about how to opt out of receiving personalized website advertisements from our advertising partners who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out sections on the websites of each of those organizations. Links to those sites are below. Note that because your election to opt out is managed through cookies, if you delete these cookies or use a different browser, you will have to make the same selection again.Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choicesDigital Advertising Alliance: http://www.aboutads.info/choicesOne of the third party services that we use to track your activity on our Services is Google Analytics. If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use information about your use of our Services, then you can install an opt-out in your web browser (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). You also may opt-out from Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network by using Google’s Ads Settings located at https://www.google.com/settings/ads. You can also visit your device’s settings or install the AppChoices app to learn more about how you may opt out of receiving personalized ads in mobile Apps.Another third party service that we use to track your activity on our Services is Adjust Technology. If you do not want Adjust Technology to collect and use information about your use of our Services, you can opt out at https://www.adjust.com/opt-out/.We use Facebook Custom Audiences to deliver advertisements to you on Facebook, and to provide data to us, based on email addresses that we have collected. With your doctor and dispensing opticianWe may share your information with your doctor if you’ve asked us to confirm the prescription information you provide us, or if you’ve asked us to obtain your prescription information from your doctor. At your request, we may also share your information with a dispensing optician.With Eye DoctorsIn connection with Prescription Check, we will share your Health Information and Personal Information with one or more Eye Doctors, who will evaluate the results of your Eligibility Questionnaire and Vision Test. Eye Doctors may be any of the following: Warby Parker employees, Warby Parker independent contractors, employees of a professional corporation, or independent contractors of a professional corporation. In all cases, Eye Doctors will be under a contractual obligation to keep your Health Information and Personal Information confidential.With your vision insurance carrierWe may share your information with your vision insurance carrier in order to process your claim and so that we receive payment. On an aggregated or de-identified basisWe may share aggregated or de-identified information (which cannot reasonably be used to identify you) with service providers or other third parties. These service providers and third parties may also share with us aggregated or de-identified information that they have independently developed or acquired.With business partners we do not controlWe may work with other businesses from time to time. These business partners may sell items or provide promotions to you through our Services or theirs. We may also provide products or services to you jointly with our business partners. We will clearly show you when a business partner is associated with your transaction, and we will only share information with them that is related to your transaction.In connection with business transfersIf the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes, or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or any of the Services to a third party (such as by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy proceeding, or other change of control transaction), we may transfer or sell your information to the new owner. In such a case, unless permitted otherwise by applicable law, your information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy unless we notify you otherwise. To protect us and othersWe reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with any applicable law, court order, subpoena, legal process, or enforceable governmental request; cooperate with law enforcement; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, and other agreements; detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Warby Parker, our employees, our users, or others.With your consentExcept as we’ve stated above, we will notify you before we share your identifiable information with any third parties.