
Sunrise Senior Living Privacy Policy
Sunrise Senior Living is committed to protecting your privacy. The following information explains our policy regarding any personal information you may supply to us when visiting sunriseseniorliving.com. Sunrise's goal in collecting personal information online is to provide you with a personalized Web experience. By knowing your preferences we can deliver relevant information that meets your needs, and ensure that your visit to our site is quick, easy, and productive.
Opt Out
You can visit the Web site without disclosing any information about yourself. Sunrise collects personally identifying information only when you register for personalized information at our site. Users can opt out at any time by emailing us at optout@sunriseseniorliving.com. Sunrise and its affiliates or successors will not sell, rent or share information with any other organization. Sunrise reserves the right to disclose your information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate its systems properly, or to protect itself or others. We may share the information with a Sunrise affiliate that we feel can help you meet your needs. If at any time you do not wish to receive additional information from us, please email us at optout@sunriseseniorliving.com to opt out of receiving future communications.
IP Addresses
Sunrise collects IP addresses for system administration and internal tracking. When you visit our site, our servers log the IP addresses only. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable.
Cookies
Sunrise may place a cookie on your computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The information stored will make your usage easier and faster because it allows you to use the site without having to re-enter information on each visit.
We also use cookies when you request personalized information on our site. These cookies are used to identify visitors when they return to the site. They also maintain the visitor's identity while at our site so they need only log in once. Without cookies, visitors would be required to login repeatedly on a single visit.
SunriseSeniorLiving.com does not use cookies to identify specific individuals, nor do we share personalized information gathered from your cookies with any third parties.
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and in order to create reports. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. 

SunriseSeniorLiving.com utilizes Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it. 

Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. These cookies are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what site referred the visitor to the web page.  We then use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. 

Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this page https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

SunriseSeniorLiving.com may use cookies in partnership with select third-party vendors, such as Google and AOL Networks, in the delivery of Sunrise Senior Living display advertisements to our website visitors on various sites across the internet. These campaigns do not collect any personally identifiable information. You can find information about how you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies at the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/#completed.
By using this site, you consent to be governed by this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms, as your continued use of sunriseseniorliving.com following changes to these terms means you accept those changes. 
HIPAA information
Sunrise Senior Living HIPAA information
Resident Privacy Policy

View our Resident Privacy Policy



