
Protection of Personal Data - General InformationPersonal data is primarily collected:To provide the most effective response to your requestTo ensure the provision of requested servicesTo promote our servicesFor our internal statistical data processingFor possible sending publications, brochures and other promotional materialsData covered by our Privacy Policy:Name and surnameDate of birthAddressE-mail addressPhone and/or fax numberOther data you indicate that you want to remain confidentialPrivacy Policy PeriodIn the moment you send your data to us, you agree to be contacted and enter our mailing list – the moment of entering constitutes your explicit agreement to be contacted. The privacy of your data is permanent and you can ask to be unsubscribed from our mailing list at any lime. After that, the data are no more used by Maistra d.d., except for internal purposes, e.g. for informatics or statistical data processing.Contents of Privacy PolicyWe do not sell, share or disclose your e-mail address and or any other data to third legal or natural persons without your consent, because it is contrary to our Privacy Policy. Maistra d.d. holds to a very strict „no spam“ policy. We ask for your special permission if you want to contact us concerning special offers and actions. Maistra d.d. will not be responsible for accidental errors or errors due to a force majeure or other reasonable circumstances causing an accidental data protection breach, but we guarantee that the error will be corrected, if possible, as soon as possible.We collect only personal data delivered to us freely. We do not require from you to send us the data in order to enable you the access to our web pages and we do not ask you to disclose more data that really necessary in order to participate in an activity on our web pages.We do not sell, transfer or disclose information collected from our web pages to anyone outside Maistra d.d., i.e. members of the Adris Group, without your consent, except:In cases when it is necessary to fulfil our legal obligations;In cases when it is necessary for the protection of your life or physical integrity and you are not in a position to give your consent for processing of your personal data;In cases when it is necessary to fulfil tasks carried out for the public benefit;In cases when you disclosed the data yourself (Article 7, Paragraph 3, Items 1, 2, 3 and 4 of the Law on Protection of Personal Data);In cases when the involvement of a third party is essential for correct functioning of web pages. In such cases, and before personal data are delivered, such third party is obliged to Maistra d.d. to keep confidential information;In the case of possible sale or legal succession of Maistra d.d., we reserve the right to sell or transfer your information to a third party which:a) Operates within a framework of similar activities or services; b) Agrees to be a successor in interest of Maistra d.d. regarding the maintaining and protection of collected data and; c) Agrees to adhere to this Privacy Policy.By filling out the form on our website you guarantee that the enclosed information are accurate and that you fully agree to our Privacy Policy and our terms and conditions contained in it.Data ConfidentialityWe want to express clearly that when visiting these web pages your personal data remain confidential, except if you want to disclose it freely. We shall not disclose the received data to third parties, except in cases mentioned in the foregoing paragraph.Web Server StatisticsOur web server uses the statistics software. These programmes are standard feature of all web servers and not only our web pages. Such statistics programmes don not collect personal data and enable us to adjust our web pages to be as simple and effective for our users establishing the data our users are the most or the least interested in, adjusting the web pages to individual web browsers, efficiency of structure and the number of visitors to our website.Use of CookiesIn order to facilitate browsing of our web pages, our global web server uses cookies. Cookies are small text files placed by the server on user’s computer to keep track of the use of individual language versions of our websites as well as when accessing parts of web pages that require entering the user name and password. Cookies can be used for starting programmes or placing viruses on your computer. Cookies used by our web server are removed automatically from your computer at the end of session, i.e. the moment you leave our website. Viewing our website without the use of cookies is possible if your web browser is configured that way.E-mail messagesWhen you send an e-mail with your personal data to us by which you can be identified, either by mail message with a question or a comment or by form sent to use by e-mail, we only use this information for fulfilling your requests.Data SafetyFor data security on this address an in order to ensure the availability of this service to all users, this computer system uses the software that tracks visits to the website and recognizes unauthorized attempts to upload or change information and the ones that could be otherwise harmful. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this site are strictly forbidden.Surveys and QuestionnairesFrom time to time we conduct surveys on our web pages. The information we collect from the survey questionnaires are used solely for the purposes of Maistra d.d., i.e. members of the Adris Group.If a sample survey with answers is published on our website it does not contain personal data.Special notice to parentsMaistra d.d. encourages parents and legal guardians to spend time online with their children. We urge parents and legal guardians to instruct their children to never give out their personal information online without permission. We also recognize a special need to protect personal information obtained from children.We DO NOT collect, we DO NOT use and we DO NOT disclose information that may be used to contact children over the Internet, except in case of promotional contests on the Internet. Such information for contact over the Internet is only used without parental permission for direct responses to children’s requests and will not be used for any other purposes; We DO NOT collect personal information for contact outside the Internet except for presentation of prizes, subject to parental permission; We DO NOT provide third parties with any personal information without prior parental permission; We DO NOT enable children to publish or otherwise distribute personal information or other contact materials they send us without parental permission, or encourage children to disclose, for the purpose of participating in a prize contest or another activity, more information than necessary for participation in the activity concerned.In cases where children below the age of 14 are allowed to participate in prize contests, we require the child to seek prior parental or legal representatives’ permission and to enter their parents’ or legal representatives’ e-mail address.If a child younger than 14 wins a prize, the parents or guardians are notified thereof by e-mail, telephone or letter. Child’s and parents’ personal information is deleted from our database if the parents request so.As a parent or guardian, you are always entitled to request access to your child’s personal information obtained by us on one of our web pages, you can request deletion of information (if such information is still in our database) and/or prohibit us from future collection and use of your child’s information. If you are a parent and you would like to exercise this right, please contact us.In addition to the foregoing, Maistra d.d. guarantees protection of children’s personal information as providedby specific laws regulating this issue. If you have any questions or doubts regarding our Personal Information Protection Policy or in connection with your experience with this Internet address, please contact us.Changes and termination of conditions of useMaistra d.d. reserves the right to change or terminate any and all parts of this website and conditions of use at any time. Such changes will take effect when published at this address or when the users are notified of them. The conditions of use will be applied until termination thereof by you or by Maistra d.d. Your termination, which is possible at any time, means discontinuance of use of these pages and cancellation of all materials and contents downloaded from and used on the website.ControlYou can at any time request to see all personal data we received from you on one or our web addresses. At your request, we can update, correct or remove the data (if the data is kept in our databases) or stop using this data in the future. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us.LinksWe do our best to ensure that all links from our website direct you and/or your child to other websites with quality content in the sense of not encouraging negativity. However, websites and web addresses change quickly and we can not always guarantee for the content of each website we direct you to.In you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or your experiences with this Internet address, we are kindly asking you to contact us.Maistra d.d. 
