
Our Commitment to Privacy
HIHO values its customers and respects their privacy. We collect customer information in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, contests and promotions. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We do not share your information with any affiliates.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can always contact www.go-hiho.com customer service in any of three ways:
1. Send an email to info@go-hiho.com
2. Call us at +1 (284) 494.0337 during our office hours:   
        Monday - Friday 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.        
3. Write us at:  
P.O. Box 857
Tortola
British Virgin Islands
VG1110
 
If our information practices change in the future, we will post an updated policy on our website.
We collect information, such as name, e-mail and postal addresses, phone and credit card numbers from you when you visit our website, place an order online or by phone, make an in-store purchase, save your info with us online, or participate in a contest, promotion or survey. We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone.
When you place an order or make a purchase from www.go-hiho.com, your personal information is used to process your order, send you e-mail to confirm your order or to contact you via phone, postal mail or e-mail if we have other questions regarding your order or purchase.
When you place an order, make a purchase or save your information online, we will use your e-mail and postal address to send you information about our products, services, contests, and promotions and to help us learn more about your shopping preferences if you subscribe.
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us, or if you do not want us to use your information to enhance your shopping experience with www.go-hiho.com, please let us know by calling us at +1 (284) 494.0337 or by sending us an email. Please be sure to include your full name and the e-mail address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from us. If you ask us to remove your name and address from our promotional lists, we will maintain your name in a "do not contact" file to ensure we honor your request. It may take up to 10 days to process your e-mail request, and 4-6 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from HIHO.
Safe Shopping Guarantee
We guarantee that every order you make on our website is safe. We use strict security precautions to make our website safe, including the use of a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) server. Any information you enter while you're using the secure server is encrypted before being transmitted, so it is virtually impossible for an outside party to access or intercept your information. Your shopping experience is safe with us.
We guarantee that your credit card information will be safe when you place an order at www.go-hiho.com. Our Secure Order Guarantee means that you'll never have to pay any money related to unauthorized charges to your credit card account, if those charges result from a transaction at www.go-hiho.com. You're always protected when you shop at our site.
Here's how the guarantee works: If you're ever a victim of credit card fraud, the Fair Credit Act specifies that your credit card company can hold you liable for no more than $50 in fraudulent charges to your account. With the Secure Order Guarantee, you'll be reimbursed for any amount up to $50 billed to you by your credit card company for unauthorized charges to your account, if those charges result from an order you've placed on our secure server. For this protection, you must promptly notify your credit card company of any fraudulent charges and follow the procedures for doing so as outlined in your credit card agreement.
 
 
