
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") explains our privacy practices for using the AUTOLINE websites (collectively, the "Web Sites"), the AUTOLINE services (the "Services") provided by Linemedia SIA or Linemedia FZC, depending on your location (the "Controller"). If you are located within one of the countries of the European Economic Area, Linemedia SIA is a data controller and is responsible for your personal information. If you are outside the European Economic Area, Linemedia FZC is a data controller and is responsible for your personal information.

SCOPE AND CONSENT

This Policy describes the procedure established by the Controller for the processing of Personal Data collected through Websites and related services and tools that allow Users to register on Websites, post or view advertisements in real time, use Services related to the above. In all these cases, the Controller shall process the personal data of the Users only to the extent required by the Convention for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of Personal Data and Regulation (EC) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation). This Privacy Policy was developed in accordance with the provisions of these documents.
Using the Websites and Services, the User gives his consent to the Controller to process his personal data, such as: the user name, region of residence, e-mail address, phone number and other contact details of the User, IP addresses and data of other users, messages, letters and applications submitted to the User by other users, and vice versa, and gives his consent to the transfer of his personal data to third parties, including the transfer of personal data abroad to third countries where the Controller and / or affiliated companies are operating, to such transfer this Policy and the Autoline Services User Agreement apply (https://autoline.ua/rules/).
Users should be aware that when they go to some of the links available on the Web Sites, they can be redirected to websites (software applications, etc.) of other companies outside the hosting of the Controller, where information about Users is collected out of the Controller’s control. In this case, the privacy policy of third-party websites and / or software applications is applied to the processing of information received from Users by such third parties.

INFORMATION, COLLECTED, RECEIVES AND POSTED BY THE CONTROLLER

Account Information. When the User creates an account on Web Sites, the Controller may require certain information, such as a valid email address and password. The account can include information about them, such as geographic location, name and surname, phone number and related information, including photos that they can upload to their account. The account allows Users to communicate with each other to express interest in their offers. Users are responsible for all information posted by them in public accounts. The user should carefully consider all the risks associated with the fact that he makes certain information, in particular, the address or information about the location of his exact location, publicly available. If the user decides to enter the site using the third-party authentication service, for example Facebook information, the Controller may receive an additional profile or other information accessed by such third party.
Ads and transactions. Within the framework of its website, the Controller may post information, including personal and contact information, necessary to complete transactions between the buyer and the seller, to send messages and communicate users among themselves, and make payments. All the information necessary to publish ads is required when creating an account. Users are responsible for all information posted on the site. The user should carefully consider all the risks associated with the fact that he makes certain information, in particular, the address or other personal information, publicly available.
Customer service. When the Users contact the Customer Service Department, the Controller may, within the operations of his site, collect personal information necessary to fulfill the User's request and receive feedback when necessary. The Controller may also contact the User using the existing contact information of the account provided for this purpose. The Controller may also collect other information about the communication with the Users, for example, any requests to the support service provided by Users, or any feedback provided by them.
Website. The Controller can automatically receive and register information on his servers from the user's browser or any device, including the IP address, software and hardware attributes, pages that the user requests, mobile identifiers, application usage information, and / or information about other devices used or system level information. This can happen on the Site or on the services of third parties. For more information on how Users can monitor and / or block such collection of information, see Section 6 of this Policy below.
Enclosed information. The Controller can also add information legally obtained from business partners or third parties to existing Controller data about their users. Information that the Controller does not collect or process: the Controller does not collect or process personal data on racial or ethnic origin, political, religious or ideological beliefs, membership in political parties and trade unions, and such information.

COOKIES AND MOBILE IDENTIFIERS

As part of the activities of their Web Sites, the Controller can collect certain information using technologies such as cookies, pixels, and local storage (in your browser or mobile device).
COOKIES are small text files that store information directly on the user's computer, his mobile phone or other device.
Pixels are small digital images that are part of the codes on web pages that allow another server to measure the visibility of a web page, and are often used in conjunction with cookies. The code tracks if and when (and on which page) the pixel is loaded to indicate that the user is interacting with the page or part of the page of the Site.
The Controller may allow third parties, such as providers of advertising and / or analytical services, to collect information using these types of technologies directly on the Website page. The data they collect are subject to protection in accordance with the current privacy policies of these third parties.
The Controller uses your information, including personal data collected using cookies, for the following purposes:


Use of Websites: we use the information gathered with cookies to allow you to use our site. We can legitimately use cookies in the interests of business for this purpose.
Analysis of information related to the use of our services: we use information collected using cookies to analyze the use of our site and prepare reports on the use of our site. We also do this to track how you use the site, to further improve the quality of the site and your impressions. We can legitimately use cookies in the interests of business for this purpose.
Targeted advertising: we use information collected using cookies to provide targeted advertising. We can legitimately use cookies in the interests of business for this purpose. If necessary, we will ask for prior approval to place cookies for this purpose. If you have given consent, you can cancel it at any time. In addition, you can express disagreement regarding the processing of your personal data for advertising purposes at any time.
Market research: we use information collected with cookies for marketing research (such as analyzing market segmentation or trends, preferences and behaviors, researching products or services, or marketing or advertising effectiveness) or product development (for example, analyzing segment characteristics market or group of clients or the effectiveness of our site in order to improve it). We can legally use cookies to our advantage for this purpose.

If you want to refuse the use of cookies in the manner described in this section, but you can not refuse the processing directly (for example, through the settings of your browser), please contact the Controller using the contacts listed at the end of this Policy.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA

To provide its services, the Controller may use information that the Controller collects and places for the following purposes:


provision of user services, including for creating and managing user accounts, solving technical difficulties and accessing various functions;
adaptation of proposals and experience, including advertising on their services or services of third parties;
control of the general and individual activity of Users, such as keyword search, activity on publication of announcements and transaction conclusions, and for managing traffic on Web Sites;
communication with Users, including on issues of service, customer service or authorized marketing communications through any available communication channels;
conducting research and analytical activities to improve our service; and
ensuring compliance with the Autoline Services User Agreement, including the fight against fraud and insults.

The Controller can store information that he collects and receives on his Web sites for as long as required to fulfill the above business objectives.

EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION

The Controller can share the information he collects with affiliated companies located in the countries where the Controller operates. These companies can process and use the received personal data only for the purposes specified in paragraph 4 of this Policy. In this case, the transferred data remains the subject of this Policy.
The Controller does not transfer the personal information of the Users to non-affiliated persons, except for cases when there is a corresponding permission from Users.
The Controller may use third-party service providers to provide certain components of his services, in such cases, suppliers do not have the authority to use personal data obtained through the Controller's Web Sites, and the personal data themselves are the subject of this Policy.
The Controller reserves the right, in accordance with the requirements of the legislation, to exchange information with private individuals and state authorities for the following purposes:


the fight against fraud and abuse on Web sites;
investigation of alleged violations of the law or the fight against any other alleged violations of the AUTOLINE Services User Agreement by Users.

The Controller can provide personal data of the Users to the requests of the competent authorities issued in accordance with the requirements of the law.
In accordance with this Policy the Controller undertakes not to lease or sell any personal data of the Users. In the event that the Controller's business or part of this business is sold or reorganized, and the Controller transfers all or virtually all of its assets to the new owner, the personal data of the Users can be transferred to the buyer to ensure the continuity of the maintenance of the Web Sites.
The Controller may transmit certain impersonal information (data that does not allow the Users to be identified separately) to third-party service providers, trusted partners or authorized researchers in order to better understand which advertisements or services may interest Users, improve the overall quality and effectiveness of services on the Web Sites or Services, or to ensure their contribution to scientific research, which according to the Controller can bring great social benefits.
In cases of the transfer of personal data provided for in clause 5.7. this Policy, informing the User about the transfer of his personal data remains at the discretion of the Controller.

USER CONTROL

Access, Correction and Deletion. Users who created an account or posted ads on the Web Sites can access, correct or delete the information they provide. The user is responsible for the accuracy of the data provided, or messages on the Web Sites.
Cookies. Most of the basic computer (desktop) and mobile web browsers (for example, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Opera) provide controls that allow the user to restrict or block the installation of cookies on your systems. Please note that disabling cookies for domains of the first category (visited sites) and other domains (sites associated with those visited) may in some cases lead to a limited functionality of these websites.
Other rights of Users in connection with the processing of their personal data by the Controller:


to know about the location of the personal data base containing personal data of Users of Websites and Services, its purpose and name, the location of the Controller and Personal Data Processors, or to issue an appropriate instruction to receive this information by authorized users of Web Sites to persons, except as provided by law;
receive information on the conditions for granting access to personal data, including information on third parties to whom personal data of Users of Web Sites are transmitted;
receive a response no later than thirty calendar days from the date of receipt of the request, except in cases provided for by law, whether his personal data is processed, and also receive the contents of such personal data;
to submit a motivated request to the Controller of personal data with an objection to the processing of personal data;
present a motivated requirement to change or destroy personal data by the Controller of personal data, if these data are processed illegally or are unreliable;
to protect personal data from illegal processing and accidental loss, destruction, damage in connection with willful concealment, not granting or untimely provision thereof, as well as to protect against the provision of information that is unreliable or discrediting honor, dignity and business reputation;
to complain about the processing of personal data to public authorities and officials, whose authority includes the protection of personal data, or to a court;
apply other remedies in case of violation of legislation on the protection of personal data;
withdraw consent to the processing of personal data. However, this will not affect the validity of any processing performed before the User withdraws his consent. If you decline your consent, we will not be able to provide you with certain products or services. We will notify you if this is the case at the time of the withdrawal of your consent;
know the mechanism of automatic processing of personal data;
require the Controller to limit the processing of his personal data;
has the right to transfer personal data. You have the right to demand that the personal information we store about you be transferred to you or a third party. We will provide you or a third party with your personal information in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format. Please note that this right applies only to the automated information that you initially agreed to use by us or where we used the information to fulfill the contract with you.


COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF THE INFORMATION OF THE CHILD

The Controller understands the importance of taking additional precautions to protect the privacy and safety of children using Web Sites and Services. Children under the age of 13 years or equivalent to the minimum age groups in the relevant jurisdiction are not allowed to create their own account unless their parents have provided consent. Parents should familiarize themselves with this Policy and agree with the Autoline Services User Agreement on the use (https://autoline.ua/rules/) before they can begin the process of creating an account for their child.
Parents or other responsible person agree that the Controller uses and discloses information about the child as specified in this Policy. This consent does not apply to the practice of data collection by third parties. Third parties who may collect, use or disclose your child's information are responsible for obtaining a separate verifiable consent.
If the Controller becomes aware that personal data were collected about a child under 13 years of age or an equivalent minimum age depending on the jurisdiction, the Controller will take measures to remove this information as soon as possible, outside the above circumstances.
If at any time the parents need to access, correct or delete data related to their child's account, they can contact us through our contacts in the end of this Policy.

SECURITY

All information collected by the Controller is reasonably protected by technical means and security procedures in order to prevent unauthorized access or use of data. Affiliates with the Controller, reliable partners and third-party service providers undertake to use the information received from the Controller in accordance with our security requirements and this Policy.

TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA OUT OF THE EEA

The Controller provides services all over the world. As a general rule, data should not be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area without the explicit consent of the User's individual. However, using our Web Sites and Services, you understand that Linemedia SIA may share certain information it collects with Linemedia FZC (its affiliate company in the UAE) or other branches of the Controller for the purposes described in this Policy, including, for identity verification, and payment processing.
The transfer of personal data to a third country or international organization may take place if there is a special public decision by the authorized body that a third country, territory or one or more of these sectors within that third country or international organization in question provides adequate protection level. Such a transfer does not require any specific authorization.
In cases where the Controller transfers personal data outside the European Economic Area, he relies separately, as an alternative, and independently on the following legal grounds for data transmission:


model articles. The European Commission has adopted standard treaty provisions (also known as model clauses) that provide guarantees for personal information transmitted outside Europe. The controller uses these model provisions when transferring personal information outside of Europe;
the contract performance. As we work in countries around the world and use the technical infrastructure outside of Europe to provide you with services, in accordance with the contract between us, we need to transfer the personal data of the Users to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide Users with services for the use of Websites and Services. Simply put, we can not provide you with services and fulfill our contract with you without moving your personal information around the world.

STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA (RETENTION)

The Controller will retain your information only as long as it is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Policy, as long as your account is active, or as necessary for the provision of services. If you no longer want the Controller to use personal data to provide you services, you can delete your account. The Controller will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to maintain your information in accordance with applicable laws on taxes and revenues), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements.

RESPONSIBILITY OF USERS

If you use our Websites and Services, you can receive and process personal data, for example, when communicating with Users and concluding transactions with customers. This means that you process personal information (for example, the buyer's name, e-mail address and delivery address) and, to the extent that you do, according to EU legislation, you are an independent data controller, in relation to other users, whose personal data you may have received using our Websites and Services.
You are responsible for protecting the personal data of users that you receive or process and must comply with all relevant legal requirements when using Websites and Services. This includes applicable data protection and privacy laws that govern how users use information. In certain cases, you may need to publish and comply with your own privacy policy, which should be available to the Controller Users with whom you interact. For more information on the general rule for data protection, see the additional resources at https://gdpr-info.eu and http://gdprandyou.ie.
As a data controller, insofar as you process the user's personal information outside the Services, you will be required to respond to requests for access to, transfer, correct, delete, and review processing objections. In addition, if you disclose personal information without the buyer's consent, you are responsible for this unauthorized disclosure.
If the Controller and you are considered joint personal data controllers, and if the Controller is sued, the penalty or the Controller will incur expenses in another way because you violated the Users' rights to protect personal data, you agree to reimburse the Controller for such expenses.

AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY

The Controller may update this Policy from time to time, and the new version of the Policy shall enter into force on the day it is downloaded on the Internet on this page, unless otherwise provided by such an updated Privacy Policy.
The Controller will not reduce your rights in accordance with this Policy without your explicit consent. The controller will also save the previous versions of this Policy in the archive for your review.

CONTACT DETAILS
If you have questions:

send an email to us
 or write to us at one of the following addresses:
Within the European Economic Area:
street Gertrudes 66, Riga, LV-1009, Latvia
Linemedia SIA

Outside the European Economic Area:
PO Box 50797, ELOB Office No. E-97F-09, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates
Linemedia FZC

 