This privacy statement explains the privacy practices of SolarEdge for users of the websites of SolarEdge, including the SolarEdge Monitoring Portal (the “Site”). If not specifically defined herein, capitalized terms have the meaning given to them in the SolarEdge Terms and Conditions, which are available at http://solaredge.live.linnovate.net/content/terms-conditions and http://solaredge.live.linnovate.net/monitoring-portal-terms-and-conditions. SolarEdge’s Commitment to PrivacySolarEdge respects your right to privacy. Your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us. This privacy statement explains SolarEdge’s policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of Personal Information. The terms of this privacy statement apply to information collected from you unless different terms are specified as part of a special offer or in another form or contract we provide you. The links below provide more detailed information about SolarEdge’s privacy practices:Account InformationExcept as otherwise set forth herein, we will keep confidential commercial data and records related to your account with us, including all information collected by SolarEdge inverters and power optimizers and all information presented to you through the SolarEdge Monitoring Portal and related services.What is Personal Information?Personal Information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a customer’s name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number, or information about activities directly linked to that person, such as his or her purchases. Personal Information also includes information that you may choose to provide to us, such as your educational, medical and employment history profile.Personal information does not include “aggregate” information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of products, services or customers, from which individual customer identities have been removed.  Aggregate information is also any information or data that we collect from inverters and power optimizers and may display to you via the SolarEdge Monitoring Portal. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service, but no Personal Information will be included in the resulting data. Likewise, information about the products or services you use or purchase may be collected and combined with information about the products and services used or purchased by others, but no Personal Information will be included in the resulting data. Aggregate data helps understand trends and customer needs so that new products and services can be considered and so existing products and services can be tailored to customer desires.Collection of Personal InformationWe collect Personal Information that you provide us, such as when you:Register to use the Site or to receive our newsletter;Register to use the SolarEdge Monitoring Portal;Use the administrative interface of the SolarEdge Monitoring Portal to provide information related to your photovoltaic system and account;Place an order or purchase products or services online; or Contact us for any reason.We may automatically collect some information when you visit our Site, such as your computer’s IP address, operating system, the site from which you linked to us, and the time and date of your visit, purchases and activities. We also collect information received from third parties to the extent that they have entered into an agreement with you as a result of your relationship with SolarEdge. SolarEdge does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, and you must be 18 years of age or older in order to establish an account on the Site.Use of Personal InformationThe personal information we collect is used to process your requests or transactions, to provide you high quality service, to customize the Site according to your preferences, and to tell you about specific goods or services we believe will be of interest to you.  If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us, we make it easy for you to let us know. You can contact us at any time to decline promotional information (see under the heading “Choice” below).Sharing of Personal InformationSolarEdge does not sell, rent, share, or disclose personal information to third parties without your prior consent, except in the limited circumstances described in this statement. Other DisclosuresIn addition, we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of SolarEdge, our customers, or the public.  Information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition.Protection of Personal InformationSolarEdge has put into place security measures in an effort to protect personal information from loss, misuse or alteration while it is under our control. Personal information we collect is stored electronically and may be combined with other account information. We use technical, contractual, administrative and physical measures in an effort to protect against unauthorized access.Account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person.  If other people have access to your email, they may be able to obtain access to your password and obtain personal information about you or change information about your user profile. While we use reasonable measures to protect information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff, we cannot guarantee the security of account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of account information at any time. We cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.ChoiceBy registering for any part of the Site or any services or news provided by us, you agree to receive promotional messages from SolarEdge. If at any time you wish to stop receiving promotional information from SolarEdge, you may opt out by:(1)    Calling our service representatives at the phone numbers provided at http://solaredge.live.linnovate.net/contact;(2)    E-Mailing us at support@solaredge.com; or(3)    Clicking on the “unsubscribe” link on our newsletters.Aggregate Information SolarEdge appreciates the importance of safeguarding the privacy of your personal information that may be provided to us.  However, SolarEdge does use and disclose de-identified aggregate information for the purposes of evaluating and improving our services and tailoring our products. SolarEdge may choose at its sole discretion to transfer, sell, provide or share such information with third parties, including for to SolarEdge’s business partners for commercial purposes, and by providing any information to SolarEdge you consent to such provision of de-identified aggregate information to any third party.What Are Cookies and Are You Required to Accept Them?Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer. We may use cookies to help optimize your use of the Site.  For example, we use cookies to customize our home page for you and to better display pages according to your browser type. We do not use cookies to store any personal information about you. While cookies are optional for browsing the Site, they are required for setting up an account on the Site.  If you wish to set up an account, you will need to accept a cookie from the Site.Online Links to Other SitesThrough our Site, users can link to other websites of third parties that provide useful information. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to this third-party and is subject to that third party’s provider’s privacy policy. Except as described above, SolarEdge is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of Web sites to which we link. Links from our site to third party’s or other sites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of each Web site before providing them with personal information.Updating, Reviewing or Correcting Personal InformationYou may update, review or correct your on-line account information on the SolarEdge Monitoring Portal at any time online by accessing your password-protected personal account administration page. You may also correct any other information of yourself by e-mailing us at support@solaredge.com or calling us at the phone numbers published on http://solaredge.live.linnovate.net/contact. Questions or ConcernsIf you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement or would like to contact us for any reason, you can contact us at the phone numbers provided at http://solaredge.live.linnovate.net/contact, or through any other method mentioned under the heading “Choice” above.Changes to this StatementSolarEdge reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating at the top of the privacy statement the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review our privacy statement to make sure you understand how your information will be used. If there is ever a material change to how we use your information and the new uses are unrelated to uses we disclose in this statement, the amended Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site for your acceptance or confirmation, and you will be required to accept or confirm such changes prior to your continued use of the Site or the SolarEdge Monitoring Portal. Last revised: January 2010