Your privacy choicesYour Change.org profile is set to private by default. You can edit your Change.org profile and the settings to make it public and manage certain emails we send you.  Your Change Politics profile is public.a. Account settingsYour Change.org profile is set to private by default. We allow you to choose whether your user profile is private, viewable by the public, or viewable only by the Change.org friends you have designated. You also may update your profile information and remove certain causes, organizations, or friends from your profile page through the “Settings” page.You can change your Privacy settings by clicking here, or logging in to your account, clicking on “Settings,” and selecting “Privacy”.Because Change Politics is about publicly expressing your political views, your profile and most of your activity on Change Politics is public. As we develop the product, we will be adding the option to edit your privacy settings.b. Social mediaYou can edit or remove the permissions you have granted to Change.org or Change Politics to use information from your social media accounts by using the application privacy settings on your social media account.If you’ve signed in on Change.org or Change Politics through Facebook connect, you are likely cookied by Facebook. You can modify or change those cookies through the settings on your Facebook account. For more details on cookies, please see our Cookies Policy.c. Email settingsIf you no longer want to receive emails from Change.org going forward, you may opt out of receiving them by following the instructions contained in any email or by logging in to your Change.org account, clicking on “Settings,” and selecting “Email Preferences”.  We will comply with your request(s) within 10 working days. Please also note that if you do opt out of receiving emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages (such as updates about your account or service changes), and you cannot opt out from receiving these messages.If you no longer want to receive emails from Change Politics, you may unsubscribe from all emails or delete your account.  Please note that if you do opt out of receiving emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages.  As we develop Change Politics, we will be adding the option to edit your email settings on that platform.d. Advertising networksYou may opt out of receiving targeted online advertising from advertising networks that may be delivered on our platforms and other websites by visiting the following websites:Please bear in mind that there are many more companies listed on these sites than those that place cookies on your computer when you access our platforms.We may also display ads within our present or future mobile apps. If you are using an iOS device and you do not want to receive tailored in-application ads that relate to your interests, you may opt-out by accessing the following link on your device:http://oo.apple.com. If you are using an iOS device, you also may limit the delivery of tailored ads through the following process: Open Settings and tap “General” then tap “About”; Scroll to the bottom of About and tap “Advertising”; Flip “Limit Ad Tracking” to ON. If you are using an Android device and you do not wish to receive tailored in-application ads, you can visit Google’s Ads Preferences page from a browser on your device and make your choices there. We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to control receiving tailored in-application ads; thus, you should contact the platform provider if the above options are no longer available.e. Third-party analytics companiesTo opt out of Google Analytics, please go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. To opt out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data collected through your browser while on the Website, please go to https://mixpanel.com/terms/ and the opt-out link available at https://mixpanel.com/optout/. These opt-outs may be provided through the use of specific tracking opt-out cookies. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, or erase or otherwise alter your browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), this may also clear the opt-out cookie.