PUBLIC OFFER
        for provision of access to the “Airtribune” e-service 

      This offer (hereinafter – “Offer”) is an official public offer of  Airtribune.Ltd to enter into the Contract for Provision of Access to the “Airtribune” E-service.
      
      Viewing and any other usage of the Performer’s Website by the User is deemed complete and unconditional acceptance of this public offer.
      
      The offer acceptance means that the User agrees to all provisions specified herein and undertakes to comply with them. From the date when the User accepts this offer it is deemed a Contract entered into by and between the Performer and the User on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Rules for the provision of services specified on the Performer’s Website.
      
      An offer is available on the Website: 
      http://airtribune.com/terms.
      
      For more details on the Airtribune.com Privacy and User Information Protection Policy, please refer to 
      http://airtribune.com/privacy.
    

      1.  Terms and Definitions.
    

      All terms and definitions used herein shall have the following meanings:
      
      Services means an access to the Performer’s E-service through the Internet provided to the User by means of free-of-charge and paid requests of the User.
      
      Website means a Website identified by the domain name (address) 
      http://www.airtribune.com
      owned and operated by the Performer.
      
      Registered User means the User who underwent the sign-up process on the Performer’s Website which includes the complete filling in by the User and sending of the registration form posted on the Performer’s Website, and if the Performer has no objections to the User sign-up, a username and a password will be given to the User for access to his/her Personal Account.
      
      Personal Account means the Performer’s Website section available to the Registered User through which the Registered User manages his/her profile (account) and can view actions associated with the use of the Performer’s Website.
      
      Authorization means entering of a username and a password by the Registered User for access to his/her Personal Account.
      
      Performer means Airtribune Ltd operating the Performer’s Website and providing Services to the Users.
      
      E-service means a totality of databases and other results of intellectual activities used by the Performer when rendering Services to the Users.
      
      Device means any technical device of the User allowing him/her to View the E-service and to use other Internet Services on the Performer’s Website, including, but not limited to, the computer (personal computer, inter alia, desktop, notebook, netbook, Web tablet), cell/mobile phone; smart phone; communicator and other similar Internet-connected devices.
      
      Viewing means a successful access by the User to the E-service on the Internet during which the User can examine information contained in the E-service directly on the Performer’s Website via Device from anywhere in the world and at any time at his/her option. When Viewing the E-service, the User obtains information on the E-service content without sending Requests. 
    

      2.  E-service.
    

      2.1.  The User sign-up and storage of his/her personal information (according to the Airtribune.com Privacy and User Information Protection Policy).
    

      2.2. Possibility for the User to create a contest page (in the unified international multilingual format), to administer it as well as to:
      
      2.2.1.   Post the contest information;
      
      2.2.2.   Post the contest map;
      
      2.2.3.   Post the contest blog;
      
      2.2.4.   Register participants/post the list of participants;
      
      2.2.5.   Post the page of contest results;
      
      2.2.6.   Create the file of the turning points for contest;
      
      2.2.7.   Set the sports tasks based on the turning points;
      
      2.2.8.   Bind the tracker package for the live tracking of sportsmen;
      
      2.2.9.   Bind the private or mobile trackers of sportsmen for the live tracking;
      
      2.2.10. Show races in 2D and 3D players;
      
      2.2.11. Work with tools for the division for pickup of pilots after landing and transporting them to the contest office after the flight task.
      
      2.3.  Functions of the User’s sports diary:
      
      2.3.1.   Management of the sportsman data – questionnaires, sponsors, etc.;
      
      2.3.2.   Binding and management of tracking devices;
      
      2.3.3.   Contest sign-up management;
      
      2.3.4.   Storage and management of own tracks, possibility to supplement tracks with description and media materials;
      
      2.4.     Functions for clubs;
      
      2.5.     Databases of the special-purpose sports grounds.
    

      3. Subject of the Contract.
    

      3.1. The Performer undertakes to provide the User with access to «Airtribune» e-service on the terms and conditions provided herein, and the User undertakes to duly comply with the terms and conditions provided herein as well as to pay the cost of paid services in a proper way and to the fullest extent.
      
      4. Procedure for Provision and Payment for Services.
      
      4.1. In order to gain access to the E-service for Viewing and sending free-of-charge request the User is required to sign up for the Performer’s Website.
      
      4.2. In order to obtain a possibility to send the Paid Request and use other Services the User is required to sign up for the Performer’s Website and pay the cost of the Paid Request. 
    

      5. User Sign-Up.
      
      5.1. In order to sign up for the Performer’s Website the User undertakes to provide the Performer with the Registration Form (Application Form) by filling it in with the true, complete and accurate personal information as well as to keep it update.
      
      5.2. The User agrees that actions done on the Website after the Registered User Authorization (using his/her username and password) shall be deemed the Registered User actions.
      
      5.3. When signing up for the Performer’s Website, the User consents that the Performer will use the User’s data specified by him/her during the sign-up for processing (systematization, collection, storage,  refinement, usage, destruction) in order to ensure the provision of access to the e-service by the Performer’s Website as well as to rendering information assistance to the Registered User.
      
      5.4. When signing up for the Performer’s Website, the User consents to receipt of information messages to the e-mail address specified during the sing-up process.
      
      5.5. The Registered User shall be held liable for the safety of username and password as well as for all actions done by the Registered User after Authorization.
      
      6. Terms and Conditions of Sending Free-of-Charge Request by the User
      
      6.1. The User is entitled to use the E-service for commercial purposes by means of free-of-charge Requests.
      
      7. Terms and Conditions of Payment for the User’s Paid Requests
      
      7.1. The User is entitled to use the E-service through the private Viewing by means of paid Requests.
      
      7.2. Payment for the User’s Paid Requests shall be made on the E-service website by means of the generally available electronic payment means and services.
      
      7.3. The User gains access to the E-service information provided by means of sending Paid Request after receipt of corresponding confirmation of payment on the Performer’s Website. Upon payment the messages from the Performer’s Website confirming the fact of payment and disclosure of information provided by sending Paid Request will be additionally sent to the User’s e-mail address.
      
      7.4. The Performer can, at any time and without prior notice to the User, change the cost as well as terms and conditions for provision of information furnished by means of sending Paid request, and the List of information furnished by means of sending Paid request as well as information furnished by means of sending Free-of-charge request.
      
      7.5. When making payment for the Paid request, the User agrees that the quality of Viewing the E-service as well as quality of information furnished by means of sending Paid request depends on the Internet network speed. The Performer can not guarantee the satisfactory quality of Viewing and information furnished by means of sending Paid request if the speed of the E-service transmission through the Internet is less than 1 Mbit/s.
      
      8. Rights of the Performer.
      
      8.1. The Performer shall reserve a right to change or delete any information posted on the Performer’s Website at his/her own discretion as well as to suspend, limit or discontinue access of the User to all or any of sections or services of the Performer’s Website at any time, for any reason or without giving any reason, with or without prior notice, with no liability for any harm which can be inflicted to the User by such action.
      
      8.2. The Performer is entitled to impose any limitations on the use of the Performer’s Website, E-service, to amend this Contract unilaterally and at any time by posting the Performer’s Public Offer as amended on the Website without obtaining the User’s consent.
      
      8.3. The Performer is entitled to place advertising and/or other information in any section of the Performer’s Website without approval of the User.
      
      8.4. If the User violates the terms and conditions contained herein, the Performer is entitled to suspend, limit or discontinue access of such User to all or any of sections and/or services of the Performer’s Website unilaterally, at any time, with or without giving any reason, with or without prior notice, with no liability for any harm which can be inflicted to the User by such actions (as well as to terminate the Contract by deleting the User data from the Website).
      
      9. Obligations of the User.
      
      The User undertakes:
      
      9.1. not to do actions aimed at gaining access to another’s Personal Account by guessing username and password, attack or other actions.
      
      9.2. to evaluate accuracy, reliability, completeness or usefulness of data by himself/herself as well as to bear all risks related to the use (impossibility of use) of the E-service by himself/herself, and liability to the third parties for his/her actions when using the E-service and data, including for the fact that actions comply with the requirements of law and do not violate the rights and legal interests of the third parties.
      
      9.3. The User undertakes not to create both Paid and Free-of-Charge Requests using automation means and automated programs as well as not to violate, block or otherwise inflict damage to any Website safety means or means preventing from or limiting the use or copying of any information from the E-service or those imposing limitations on the use of E-service in any other fraudulent way.
      
      10. Limitation of Liability.
      
      10.1. The E-service (as well as Data and other information received by means of it) shall be provided by the Performer “as is”. The Performer shall not guarantee the conformity of E-service and information contained therein to the purposes and expectations of the User, uninterrupted and error-free operation of E-service generally and of its certain components and/or functions as well as the Performer shall not guarantee accuracy, reliability, completeness and timeliness of data obtained by means of E-service.
      
      10.2. The Performer shall not be liable for interruptions in its operation (including emergency, scheduled interruptions), insufficient quality or speed of data provisioning, complete or partial loss of any data posted on the Performer’s Website or infliction of any other damages arisen or which could arise when using the Performer’s Website.
      
      10.3. The Performer shall not be liable for impossibility of storage, incorrect or timeless provision of any data and information.
      
      10.4. The Performer shall provide no guarantees, what means:
      
      - the Performer shall assume no liability for the E-service content as well as for conformity of the E-service to the purpose of the User;
      
      10.5. The Performer shall not guarantee that the E-service will correspond to the User’s requirements; that access to the E-service will be provided uninterruptedly, rapidly, reliably and without faults; that the quality of any information posted on the E-service will correspond to the expectations of the User;
      
      10.6. For the avoidance of doubt the User shall comply with the protective measures when using the E-service on mobile devices.
      
      10.7. Under no circumstances the Performer shall be liable to the User or any third parties for consequential, accidental, occasional loss, harm or damages, including loss of profit, moral harm, injury to honor, dignity or reputation caused by: the use of E-service or impossibility of access to it, unauthorized access to the User’s communications, representation or conduct of any third party on the Website.
      
      11. Final Provisions.
      
      11.1. The Performer shall reserve a right to amend or discontinue functioning of the Performer’s Website and/or access to the E-service provided on it without prior notice and any obligations to the User as well as to amend the terms and conditions for gaining access to the E-service and its placement by posting on the Performer’s Website.
      
      11.2. The User hereby confirms that he/she has reached the age of 18, he/she is fully capable and no guardianship of any kind has been instituted over him/her.
      
    11.3 The User and the Performer agree that all disputes and differences which can arise out of this Contract or in connection with it shall be settled by negotiations. If no agreement is reached, all disputes related to this Contract shall be settled according to the laws of British Virgin Islands.
    
    11.4. If any provision of this Contract is held invalid or unenforceable by the court, it shall not entail invalidation or unenforceability of other provisions contained herein.
    
    11.5. Failure to act on the part of the Performer in the event of violation of any provisions contained herein by the User shall not deprive the Performer of the right to take corresponding actions to protect interests later as well as it shall not be deemed a waiver of the Performer’s rights in the event of similar or analogous violations in future or violation of other provisions contained herein.
    
    11.6. Legal relations arising in connection with this Contract shall be governed by the Council of Europe Convention on Cybercrime (ETS N 185).
    
    11.7. The User acknowledges and agrees that the use, indication or posting any data on organizations, enterprises, persons, services on the E-service, including signs and/or links as a part of E-service data shall be of informative character only and not an expression of certain support, approval or recommendations on the part of the Performer.
    
    11.8. Results of intellectual activities (design elements, graphic images, illustrations, computer programs, databases, commercial names, trademarks, etc.) posted on the Performer’s Website shall be owned by the Performer and/or used by the Performer according to the License Agreement entered into with the corresponding right holder. Another use, except viewing (as well as copying, reprocessing, etc.) shall be considered violation of this Contract and shall be subject to legal action.
    
