Legal Notes & Terms of Use
Data Protection Policy of www.astro.com and Astrodienst AG
About the information you give us
Astrodienst has been serving its customers around the world since
1980. Those customers entrust us with information which they expect
to remain confidential. We take that trust seriously. The information
you provide to Astrodienst is not made available to any other company
or individual. It is used internally to process the orders you place
with us, whether for a free service or when you are making a purchase.
Protection of personal data
Astrodienst owns and maintains its own servers, including the secure
shopping cart features. Nobody outside Astrodienst has access to our
software or data.
Collection of personal data
If Astrodienst requires any of your personal data, you will be asked
to confirm the submission of your data. By submitting your data you
agree that Astrodienst collects and records these data. Generally,
these data are required when you generate a horoscope or chart online,
create a registered user profile, or acquire a product in the AstroShop.
 Use of personal data
Your personal data will be used for the following purposes: 

to facilitate the use of this website: You have to enter your data
only once.
to deliver or give access to a product you have acquired.
to ensure that you are the only person to have access to your horoscope
data and personalised online services.

E-mails
Occasionally, Astrodienst will contact you by E-mail to inform
you, for example, about the delivery status of a product you have ordered,
about an update of an online service you have acquired, or about a website
update. It is not possible to cancel these E-mails and to continue utilising
the services of www.astro.com at the same time. The E-mails are considered
an integral part of the service you wish to use. Your E-mail address
will be treated confidentially. If you do not wish to receive E-mails
from Astrodienst AG, you need to delete your "My Astro" profile.
Use of cookies
If your browser settings do not allow the website "www.astro.com" to
set cookies, you will still be able to use our services; but we cannot
guarantee that you will continue to have access to data you entered at
an earlier point of time. You can find more information on cookies in
our FAQ.
Update of Legal Information
This page is updated and modified from time to time. Last Update: 9th
February 2015. By visiting www.astro.com and by using its services,
you declare that you accept our Data Protection Policy and Terms
of Use.
Contact
Astrodienst AG
Dammstrasse 23
8702 Zollikon / Zürich
Switzerland
Telephone international: +41-44-392 18 18
Telephone within Switzerland: 044-392 18 18
(Mo - Fr 09-12h und 14 - 17h, Swiss time)
 Fax international: +41-44-391 75 74
Fax within Switzerland: 044-391 75 74
 Email: order@astro.com

Terms of Use for users of www.astro.com
Your Acceptance
By accessing, reading and making use of the Web pages provided by Astrodienst
AG, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below
and on the respective Web pages. If you do not wish to be bound by
these terms and conditions, you may not access or use the information
or service provided on the pages.
Usage limitations
The services offered by Astrodienst are intended for private use by human
individuals interested in astrology. It is not allowed to build a commercial
service based on the resources of this server, to resell or redistribute
services or data offered by this server, or to extract the information
on this server systematically for data capture. All exceptions to this
rule require the consent of Astrodienst AG in writing and are valid
only until revoked.
Furthermore, it is not allowed to publish a Personal Daily Horoscope
or other free horoscopes in a public web log (blog). Both text and artwork
in these horoscopes are protected by copyright and require permission
by Astrodienst in writing for each case of republication. It is allowed
to quote two to three sentences from a complete horoscope, but only occasionally,
and not in a regular fashion.
Unmodified publication of chart drawings which are created from the user's
own data does not require permission by Astrodienst. 
Hyperlinks
We cannot and do not guarantee that the links set out on our site will
be accurate at the time of your access. Moreover, the sites pointed
at by hyperlinks are developed and possibly maintained by persons over
whom Astrodienst AG exercises no control. We cannot and do not monitor
the sites linked to our pages on the Internet. Accordingly, Astrodienst
AG does not assume any responsibility for the content of any site referenced
to by any hyperlink or otherwise. 
Copyright
Astrodienst AG, the provider of these services, believes that persons
who make information available on the World Wide Web or in newsgroups
do so with the expectation that such information will be publicly and
widely available. Further, the respective entity believes that its
making available hyperlinks to publicly accessible Web pages and newsgroups
is legally permissible and consistent with the common, customary expectations
of those who make use of the Internet.
If access to a particular Web site is restricted, the entity providing
this service will remove the link from their site at the other site operator's
written request.
Trade Marks and Service Marks
"Astrodienst AG", "www.astro.com" and their
respective logos are registered trademarks of Astrodienst AG. No part
of www.astro.com is so constructed that images, registered trade marks
or logos of this website are automatically licensed for use. By downloading
or copying contents of www.astro.com, you do not acquire any right to
use whichever elements of www.astro.com nor for the software which is
required for the use of these elements.
Astrodienst AG declares herewith that it is not proprietor of the trade
marks and service marks which are used on websites which are pointed
at by hyperlinks on www.astro.com, if these trade marks and service marks
belong to persons or enterprises outside Astrodienst AG.
Reliability of Information
You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the Web pages
created and offered by Astrodienst AG or other persons. Neither Astrodienst
AG nor any of its employees make any express or implied warranties,
representations or endorsements whatsoever (including without limitation
warranties of title or noninfringement, or the implied warranties of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) with regard to
any merchandise, information or service provided through its Web pages
or on the Internet generally. They shall not be liable for any cost
or damage arising to you or any third party either directly or indirectly
from any transaction, be it through the Internet or otherwise.
It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness
and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services and other information,
and the quality and merchantability of all merchandise, provided through
the Web pages of Astrodienst AG or on the Internet generally.
Data Protection
Astrodienst AG has no obligation to monitor any transmission made through
the respective Web pages and newsgroups. However, you agree that Astrodienst
AG has the right to monitor their Internet services electronically
from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy
any law, regulation or governmental request or to protect itself.
Software Quality
Astrodienst AG does not guarantee that any information, software or other
material accessible through one of its Web pages is free of viruses,
worms, trojan horses or other harmful components.
Update of Legal Information
This page is updated and modified from time to time. Last Update: 9th February 2015.
By visiting www.astro.com and by using its services,
you declare that you accept our Terms of Use and Data
Protection Policy.
Contact
For contact information on Astrodienst AG, please
click here.

