

Cheetah Conservation Fund is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors and supporters. We have developed this privacy policy to ensure our donors and supporters that their information will not be shared with any third party.

Awareness
Cheetah Conservation Fund provides this Donor Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy policy, and to inform you of the way your information is used. We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list, if you desire to do so.
Information Collected
Here are the types of donor information that we collect and maintain:

contact information: name, spouse’s name, employer, complete address, phone number, email address;
payment information: credit card number and expiration date are used for transactions but not stored, and billing information;
shipping information: name, organization, complete address;
information concerning how you heard about Cheetah Conservation Fund;
information on events attended, donations made and volunteer activities;
information you wish to share: questions, comments, suggestions; and your request to receive periodic updates; e.g., to individuals who request it, we will send periodic mailings related to specific fund-‐raising appeals and newsletters.

How Information is Used
Cheetah Conservation Fund uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate back to you, and update you on our work. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and not used for any other purpose. We use the comments you offer to provide you with information requested, and we take seriously each recommendation as to how we might improve communication. 
No Sharing of Personal Information.
Cheetah Conservation Fund will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations. We assure you that the identity of all our donors will be kept confidential. Use of donor information will be limited to the internal purposes of Cheetah Conservation Fund and only to further the activities and purposes of Cheetah Conservation Fund.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information about children.  Should a child whom we know to be under 13 make known to us his or her personally identifiable information we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personally identifiable information.
Removing Your Name from Our Mailing List
It is our desire to not send unwanted mail to our donors. Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list.
Contact Us
If you have comments or questions about our donor privacy policy, please send us an email at infor@cheetah.org or call us at (866) 909-3399.

