
What are cookies?
Cookies are minute text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. At Wex Photo Video, we use cookies to keep track of items in your basket, and to remember you when you return to our site. To place an order on this website, you need to have cookies enabled. If you don't wish to enable cookies, you can browse the site but you may not be able to place an order.
Most web browsers have default settings that allow cookies to be stored. However, under the “Managing Your Cookies” section below, we explain how to disable or enable cookies, should you wish to change your settings.
It should be noted that cookies cannot harm your computer. Furthermore, we do not store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in any cookies we create. We use encrypted information gathered from the cookies to help improve your experience of the site. For example, they help us to identify and resolve errors, or determine relevant related products to show you when browsing our site.
We have relationships with carefully selected and monitored suppliers who may also set cookies during your visit to be used for marketing purposes. The principal purpose of such cookies is to show you different products and services based on what you appear to be interested in. If you'd like to opt out from the storing of such cookies, please go to the Network Advertising Initiative website.
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit aboutcookies.org
Please note that we are not responsible for the content of external websites that are linked to from our website.
About the cookies we set
To make full use of the online shopping and personalised features on this website, your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies, as we can only provide you with certain personalised features of this website by using them.
The cookies we set do not store sensitive information such as your name, address or payment details; they simply hold an anonymous 'key' that, once you're signed in, is associated with this information. However, if you would prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from this website, you can use your browser to do so. See the Managing Your Cookies section for help.
Here's a list of the cookies we use, and what we use them for:


1st Party cookies you may see used on this website

Cookie Name
Cookie purpose





ASP.NET_SessionId,  X-Wex-Source,  .ASPXRoles, BIGipServer WEXOMX www.wexphotographic.com_HTTPS_Pool, .ASPXANONYMOUS


These cookies allow our web servers to respond to your actions on the website, such as ‘Add to basket’, and enables general browsing of the website.




.EPiServerLogin, _RequestVerificationToken, UseSessionId, _msuuid_xxxxxxxxx


Stores the username and token that enable you to choose to be logged in automatically. Without these cookie, you would be required to type in your username and password each time you try to take an action that requires you to be logged in, such as viewing your order history.




tms_VisitorID, tms_wsid, tms_ft


This allows us to remind you that you have products in your basket that you have not yet checked out.




_unam, GTMVisitorId, _dc_gtm_UA-976095-6, _gat_UA-976095-6, _gat_UA-976095-6_gid


These cookies enable Google Analytics to function on our website. This software helps us collate and analyse visitor information such as browser usage, new visitor numbers, response to marketing activity and shopping times. This information helps us to improve the website and your shopping experience, and to make our marketing campaigns more relevant. We may also combine this information with information collected from adverts in other websites – please see the About 3rd Party cookies section below.




attraqtsid, attraqtuid

These cookies allow us to track your use of our site search and navigation facets.  



af


We use this cookie to track re-directions from other websites.




RecentlyViewed


Remembers the most recently viewed tab on the cashback page.




AllowCookies


Used to determine whether or not you have been informed of our cookie policy. If this cookie is not present, a notice explaining our use of cookies is displayed in the browser.




_uetsid


Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking (UET) tracking cookie.




lc_ss088009956, lc_window_state, _lc.visitor_id.8809956

 These cookies allow us to use LivePerson Chat and for active chats to work seamlessly over multiple pages



optimizelyEndUserId

This cookie allows us to run test to improve the performance of the site's user experience and appearance.



About 3rd Party Cookies
When you visit wexphotovideo.com, you may notice some cookies that aren't related to Wex Photo Video. If you go on to a web page that contains embedded content, for example from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We cannot control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Some of the business partners that may set cookies on this web site include:


3rd Party cookies you may see used on this website


Partner Name


Cookie purpose






Bizrate


Cookies set by Bizrate (Shopzilla) allow us to collect and display product reviews from our customers. To view the Bizrate privacy policy please visit the company’s privacy page here: www.about.bizrate.com/privacy-policy




Sociomantic


Sociomantic uses cookies to provide you with personalised adverts when you visit selected other websites. To learn more about these cookies, please see our guide to banner advertising on the next tab.




Shopzilla


In order to provide you with a better service, occasionally we'll ask if you'd like to complete a survey. This cookie's sole purpose is to remember if we've asked you to do so recently, and contains no personal information.




LivePerson


This service allows us to offer a live chat service on our website.




PayPal


Paypal uses cookies to help streamline a purchase on the Wex Photo Video website using the Paypal payment gateway.




Google Doubleclick, Google Adwords, Affiliate Window, Marin


Sometimes we'll advertise on 3rd party websites. These advertisers may place cookies to help us and our advertisers see which advertisements you click on and interact with. Each individual advertiser uses its own tracking cookies.




Google Advertising


We use Google advertising services to place adverts on other websites (including in Google search results and Youtube) using information collected in cookies. We may collect information about whether you’ve seen one of our ads and combine this with information collected on our site to improve our advertising. We may also use information collected on our site to personalise adverts placed on other sites (please see the Personalised advertising on other websites section below). None of the information collected is combined with any personally identifiable information. For more information on Google cookies, visit the company’s website https://policies.google.com/technologies/types, or you can control the information they collect at https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.




AddThis.com, Facebook.com, Twitter.com, plusone.google.com


If you take the opportunity to 'share' our content with friends through social networks – such as Facebook and Twitter – you may be sent cookies from these websites. We cannot control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.




Youtube.com


Some of our product videos are hosted on Youtube. Youtube may use cookies to gather statistical information about video viewing.




Managing Your Cookies
If cookies aren't enabled on your computer, it will mean that your shopping experience on our website will be limited to browsing and researching; you may not be able to add products to your basket and buy them.
All recent versions of popular browsers give users a level of control over cookies. Users can set their browsers to accept or reject all, or certain cookies. Users can also set their browser to prompt them each time a cookie is offered. The instructions for changing your cookie settings are different for each type and version of browser.
To disable or change the settings of your cookies
If you are not sure of the type and version of browser you use to access the web:

For PCs: click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' option
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the 'About' option

Instructions on how to disable or change the settings of cookies on your type and version of browser are available here: https://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/
Personalised advertising on other websites (Sociomantic & Google)
This type of advertising is designed to show you products and ads based on what you have viewed on this website. These advertisements are presented to you by our partners when you visit other websites, including Google. The adverts may highlight alternative products as well as products deemed relevant to your browsing history. The technology behind these adverts is based on cookies.
Your privacy
Please be assured that the data contained in the cookie used in these adverts is completely anonymous and doesn't contain any of your personal details. For more information on the privacy policy of Sociomantic, the company we use to help us advertise, please visit their website. We also work with Google to place adverts in a similar way on sites, in their search engine and on Youtube – you can see more information about their use of data at https://policies.google.com/technologies/types.
Disabling these adverts
We would like to continue to display content that is relevant to you; however, you can choose to opt out of this type of advertising permanently via https://www.sociomantic.com/privacy/en/ (for Sociomantic), and updating your setting at https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated (for Google).
Please note that if you also delete your cookies as well as choosing to opt out, we will no longer know that you've opted out, so the banners from Sociomantic or Google may reappear when you visit other selected websites.
You may also wish to visit the Your Online Choices website to learn more about the cookies on your device set by other companies, and opt out of them if you wish.

