
Like most Platforms, Montblanc logs IP addresses and uses cookies and similar technologies that allow us to recognize you and to customize your experience, and provide us with information about the way our Platform visitors access our Platform. You can find out more about how we use cookies and related technologies below.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website or mobile application. They are used to recognize your computer as you move between pages on a website, or when you return to a website or mobile application you have visited previously. Cookies are widely used in order to make platforms work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the platform.
We use cookies to enhance the online experience of our visitors (for example, by remembering your language and/or product preferences) and to better understand how our Platform is used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our Platform before or whether you are a new visitor. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
There are two broad categories of cookies:

First party cookies, served directly by Montblanc to your computer or mobile device. They are used only by Montblanc to recognize your computer or mobile device when it revisits our Platform.  
Third party cookies, which are served by a third party service provider on our Platform, and can be used by the service provider to recognize your computer or mobile device when it visits other platforms. Third party cookies are most commonly used for platform analytics or advertising purposes.

Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Montblanc uses both 'session cookies' and ‘permanent cookies’. Session cookies exist only while your browser is open and are deleted automatically once you close your browser. Permanent cookies survive after your browser is closed, and can be used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you open your browser and browse the internet again.  
What cookies does Montblanc use?
The Platform serves only the following types of cookies to your computer or mobile device:
Cookies necessary for essential purposes
These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through this Platform and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like transactional pages and secure login accounts, would not be possible.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies serve a variety of purposes related to the presentation, performance and functionality of this Platform. Their overall purpose, however, is to enhance visitors’ experience and enjoyment of this Platform.
For example, some of these cookies enable visitors to specify language, product or other platform preferences.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our Platform.
The information gathered does not identify any individual visitor and is aggregated. It includes the number of visitors to our Platform, the platforms that referred them to our Platform and the pages that they visited on our Platform.
We use this information to help run our Platform more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on our Platform.
Advertising Cookies
When you visit our Platform or click on advertisements or promotional areas on the Platform these cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help to evaluate the effectiveness of advertising and promotion.
They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a platform and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers.
Content sharing and social networking cookies
These cookies enable users to share pages and content through third party social networking and other platforms. The companies that serve these cookies may also use your information to serve targeted advertising on other platforms.

How to control or delete cookies
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies and we have explained how you can exercise this right below. However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Platform. 
You can set your cookie preferences by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this Platform cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” facility).  
If you would like to learn more, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. More detail on how businesses use cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org. We are not responsible for effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties’ opt-out options.
IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer or mobile device, including where available your IP address, operating system, log in times and browser type. We use this information to better understand how visitors use our Platform and for internal reporting purposes. We may anonymize and share this information with advertisers, sponsors or other businesses.
