
Your Privacy at iGolder
"We treasure your privacy like gold"
 
All your transactions at iGolder are private and confidential.  We do not disclose any particulars or details unless compelled to do so by 
	a court order of competent jurisdiction regarding a 
criminal activity, or if we 
believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary 
to prevent a criminal activity, or to investigate violations of our
Account Agreement.  In the case of a 
criminal investigation, the law	enforcement agency must strictly abide by our
	criminal procedure rules.  We 
do not comply with fishing expeditions, where a government agency may ask for 
account information without a court order of proper jurisdiction.
 
iGolder respects your privacy. 
	We keep your name and address private and confidential - we will use your name and address 
only to send you a 
	6-digit PIN when you decide to upgrade your account to become a
Verified 
	Member.  We will never share or query a third party database for validating your name and/or address. 
 

	We will never sell, rent, or share any of your personal 
	information to or with anyone.  For instance, we use our in-house 
	mailing software to send our newsletter to make sure your email 
	address is never compromised.  Also, there is absolutely no outsourcing of any member information to a third 
	party “help desk” vendor or an offshore facility. Our privacy goes beyond 
	protecting your personal information; we do not disclose aggregate 
	statistics, such as visitor demographics, transaction volumes and 
	how many members joined iGolder.  We believe such statistics 
	are fun and entertaining; however, they represent a privacy and 
	security issue.
 
Your Privacy as a Visitor
We consider ourselves to be privacy fanatics and we believe that distrusting 
	politicians and bureaucrats is a healthy habit.  Since the 
	government and the ISPs collude to spy on us, we encrypt 
	all our pages using the strongest encryption available.  
	ISPs receives billions of taxpayer's money for spying on us, 
	sharing our private information with bureaucrats, all acting in 
	their self-interests and craving for more taxpayer's money.  
	It is very likely your ISP records every website your visit, every 
	web page URL you read, every email you send and receive, and how 
	much time you spend on each activity.  By encrypting 
	all pages at iGolder.com, your ISP will not be able to know which URL 
	you visited on our website.  For instance, you may have spent 
	your time watching an educational video in our multimedia section, 
	or listened to an MP3 interview in our audio section, downloaded 
	an eBook about gold, visited our online directory, made a 
	transaction with someone else, or just verified your balance.  
	Because all our network packets are encrypted, your ISP can
	only record the IP address with the date & time 
	the network packet was transmitted.  This information is 
	almost useless because many websites may share the same IP address, 
	thus making the recording of the IP address an unreliable method 
	for spying Internet activity. Also, a brief visit to iGolder can 
	easily generate thousands of network packets, making it very 
	expensive for the ISP to log the IP address of every network 
	packet.  As an extra precaution, we will make sure our IP 
	address changes often, rendering the ISP logs almost meaningless 
	and extremely difficult to analyze.  In the end, spying is all about economics: the 
	spying agents are trying to maximize their return on investment, 
	and the more expensive it is to spy on citizens, the lower the 
	incentive to continue spying.  Spying stops when it becomes 
	more expensive than the benefits it provides.
 

	Of course, encrypting every bit of information requires more 
	processing, however the benefits are worth the extra cost of a more 
	powerful server and a minuscule additional bandwidth.  
	Encryption also protects your privacy from third party 
	organizations compiling visitor statistics. Websites such as
	Compete.com or
	Quantcast.com purchase logs 
	from ISPs to determine top keywords driving traffic and compute visitor 
	demographics by gender, age, education and income.  Many 
	websites love to brag about their visitors, especially regarding 
	education and income, however we prefer to keep a low profile and 
	to fly under the radar.
 
Privacy of Your Email Address

	iGolder offers you the option to keep your email address private.  Each 
	sub-account has a field to enter an 
	alias or nickname for doing business.  Also, our 
	private secure 
	messaging allows our members to communicate among each other without revealing their 
	email address.
 
Privacy of Your Feedback Reputation

	iGolder maintains a feedback reputation for each member.  
	Most of the feedback reputation, such as the number of ratings and feedback 
	comments, is kept private with the option of disclosure to another member or 
	on your public profile.  However, your
	Karma value is always displayed 
	next to your alias.
 
Use of Cookies

	Cookies are necessary for maintaining a session when you login to iGolder.  
	Without cookies, all pages would be static and you would not be able to view 
	your balance nor make any trades.  We also use cookies 
	to optionally remember your login name so you do not have to re-enter it 
	each time you visit iGolder.  However, for security reasons, we never store 
	your password in a cookie.
 
Fraud Prevention
In order to combat fraud, we have to record everything from your 
IP address to 
your transaction history.  We retain such information for five years in case of a 
criminal investigation.
 
No Third Party Statistics

	Because of privacy concerns, we do not use any third party tools to compile 
	visitor statistics.  Instead, we use our own in-house software to 
	analyze our logs and compile statistics about the popularity of our web 
	pages so that we can improve our website according to the preferences of our members. 
 
Information Safety
We take great care to keep your private information safe and 
	secure.  We use encryption before writing sensitive 
	information to disk and we archive our encrypted logs to a secret 
	remote server.  We keep at minimum the amount of data we 
	retain on the main server iGolder.com, thus reducing the incentive 
	to steal private data, and reducing potential damages in case the 
	database is stolen.  Also, keeping a lean database gives a 
	great performance boon.
 
iGolder goes the extra mile and implements numerous 
	security features 
	to protect your account from unauthorized access.  We 
	encourage you to read our Security Features 
	to realize how much we care about keeping your account secure.
 
