This software is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall John Lees-Miller, John Hammersley or any other contributor be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.Please note however that if you publish the link to your project on a website or somewhere public, anybody can use the link and the website where your link is posted might even be included in search engines.For each project, Overleaf creates a unique token used only for the link to that project. It is almost impossible to guess the token, and hence the link to your project is known only to you.Every project you create is automatically private. Other Overleaf users can't see your files in Overleaf unless you deliberately share the links to your projects.Thank you for using Overleaf! Here are our full Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, Security Overview and Acceptable Use Policy for use of the Overleaf service.THESE TERMS AND THE USE OF THE SERVICES AND SOFTWARE WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF ENGLAND AND WALES EXCEPT FOR ITS CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES OR SOFTWARE MUST BE LITIGATED EXCLUSIVELY IN ENGLAND AND WALES, AND BOTH PARTIES CONSENT TO VENUE AND PERSONAL JURISDICTION THERE. These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between you and Writelatex with respect to the Services, and supersede and replace any other agreements, terms and conditions applicable to the Services. These Terms create no third party beneficiary rights. Writelatex's failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of its right to do so later. If a provision is found unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible. You may not assign any of your rights in these Terms, and any such attempt is void, but Writelatex may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services. Writelatex and you are not legal partners or agents; instead, our relationship is that of independent contractors.We may revise these Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on our website. If a revision, in our sole discretion, is material we will notify you (for example via email to the email address associated with your account). Other changes may be posted to our news or terms page, so please check those pages regularly. By continuing to access or use the Services after revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Services.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WRITELATEX, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR (A) Any indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary or consequential (including loss of use, data, business, or profits) damages, regardless of legal theory, whether or not Writelatex has been warned of the possibility of such damages, and even if a remedy fails of its essential purpose; (B) Aggregate liability for all claims relating to the Services more than the greater of £0.01 or the amounts paid by you to Writelatex for the past three months of the services in question. Some US states do not allow the types of limitations in this paragraph, so they may not apply to you.Though we want to provide a great service, there are certain things about the service we can’t promise. For example, THE SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, AT YOUR OWN RISK, WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. WE ALSO DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. (We are not shouting- it’s just that these disclaimers are really important, so we want to highlight them). Writelatex will have no responsibility for any harm to your computer system, loss or corruption of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services. Some US states do not allow the types of disclaimers in this paragraph, so they may not apply to you.Though we’d much rather you stay, you can stop using our Services any time. We reserve the right to suspend or end the Services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. For example, we may suspend or terminate your use if you are not complying with these Terms, or use the Services in any way that would cause us legal liability or disrupt others’ use of the Services. If we suspend or terminate your use, we will try to let you know in advance and help you retrieve data, though there may be some cases (for example, repeatedly or flagrantly violating these Terms, a court order, or danger to other users) where we may suspend immediately.The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. Writelatex does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for their availability, accuracy, the related content, products, or services. You are solely responsible for your use of any such websites or resources. Also, if we provide you with any software under an open source license, there may be provisions in those licenses that expressly conflict with these Terms, in which case the open source provisions will apply.You will not, and will not attempt to, misuse the Services, and will use the Services only in a manner consistent with the Overleaf Acceptable Use Policy.These terms do not grant you any right, title, or interest in the Services, or the content in the Services. While we appreciate it when users send us feedback, please be aware that we may use any feedback, comments, or suggestions you send us or post in our forums without any obligation to you. The technology we use to provide the Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of England and Wales. These Terms do not grant you any rights to use the Overleaf / Writelatex trademarks, logos, domain names, or other brand features.You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Services and you agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You are responsible for any activity using your account, whether or not you authorized that activity. You should immediately notify Writelatex of any unauthorized use of your account. You acknowledge that if you wish to protect your transmission of data or files to Overleaf, it is your responsibility to use a secure encrypted connection to communicate with the Services.If your contact information, or other information related to your account, changes, you must notify us promptly and keep your information current. The Services are not intended for use by you if you are under 13 years of age. By agreeing to these Terms, you are representing to us that you are over 13.You, and not Writelatex, are responsible for maintaining and protecting all of your stuff. Writelatex will not be liable for any loss or corruption of your stuff, or for any costs or expenses associated with backing up or restoring any of your stuff.Files and other content in the Services may be protected by intellectual property rights of others. Please do not copy, upload, download, or share files unless you have the right to do so. You, not Writelatex, will be fully responsible and liable for what you copy, share, upload, download or otherwise use while using the Services. You must not upload spyware or any other malicious software to the Service.The Services provide features that allow you to share your stuff with others or to make it public. There are many things that users may do with that stuff (for example, copy it, modify it, re-share it). Please consider carefully what you choose to share or make public. Writelatex has no responsibility for that activity.Although we reserve the right to stop, suspend, or modify the Services at any time without prior notice to you, we recognise that your stuff is important to you, and that you may wish to retrieve your stuff from Overleaf in this event. We will make reasonable effort to contact you if you have registered for an account, and aim to keep your stuff available for retrieval from Overleaf in read-only form for up to 3 months beyond the time of suspension (or otherwise) of the Services.We may choose to review public content for compliance with our community guidelines, but you acknowledge that Writelatex has no obligation to monitor any information on the Services. We are not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, appropriateness, or legality of files, user posts, or any other information you may be able to access using the Services.You are solely responsible for your conduct, the content of your files and folders, and your communications with others while using the Services. For example, it’s your responsibility to ensure that you have the rights or permission needed to comply with these Terms.To be clear, aside from the rare exceptions we identify in our Privacy Policy, no matter how the Services change, we won’t share your content with others, including law enforcement, for any purpose unless you direct us to. How we collect and use your information generally is also explained in our Privacy Policy.We may need your permission to do things you ask us to do with your stuff, for example, hosting your files, or sharing them at your direction. This includes product features visible to you, for example, image thumbnails or project previews. It also includes design choices we make to technically administer our Services, for example, how we redundantly backup data to keep it safe. You give us the permissions we need to do those things solely to provide the Services. This permission also extends to trusted third parties we work with to provide the Services, for example Amazon, which provides our main storage space (again, only to provide the Services).By using our Services you provide us with information, files, and folders that you submit to Overleaf and Writelatex (together, “your stuff”). You retain full ownership to your stuff. We don’t claim any ownership to any of it. These Terms do not grant us any rights to your stuff or intellectual property except for the limited rights that are needed to run the Services, as explained below.You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms. You may use the Services only if you have the power to form a contract with Writelatex and are not barred under any applicable laws from doing so. The Services may continue to change over time as we refine and add more features. We may stop, suspend, or modify the Services at any time without prior notice to you (but recognising your work is important to you, please read the note below on access to your files in these circumstances). We may also remove any content from our Services at our discretion.By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you are using the Services on behalf of an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms for that organization and promising that you have the authority to bind that organization to these terms. In that case, “you” and “your” will refer to that organization.These terms of service (the “ Terms ”) govern your access to and use of Overleaf websites and services (the “ Services ”) provided by Writelatex Limited (“ we ” or “ our ” or “ Writelatex ”), so please carefully read them before using the Services.This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we make a change to this privacy policy that we believe materially reduces your rights, we will provide you with notice (for example, by email). And we may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well. By continuing to use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will take steps to delete such information from our files.Our Services are not directed to persons under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us atWe follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can view our Security Overview Page or contact us atThe security of your information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information on our forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Overleaf. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.Our Service offers publicly accessible community services such as blogs, forums, and wikis. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Your posts may remain even after you cancel your account. For questions about your Personal Information on our Service, please contact. We may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your information quickly upon request. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion. In addition, we do not delete from our servers files that you have in common with other users.We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, you may delete your account by emailing us atIf you are a registered user, you may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by changing your “account settings.” If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update or delete it by making the change on your account settings. In some cases we may retain copies of your information if required by law. For questions about your Personal Information on our Service, please contactNon-private or Non-Personal Information. We may disclose your non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as usage statistics of our Service.Business Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction, but we will notify you (for example, via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your Personal Information or Files, or if either become subject to a different Privacy Policy. We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the information.Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of Writelatex's Rights. We may disclose to parties outside Overleaf files stored in your Overleaf and information about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal request; (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Overleaf or its users; or (d) to protect Writelatex’s property rights. If we provide your Overleaf files to a law enforcement agency as set forth above, we will remove Overleaf's encryption (if any has been added) from the files before providing them to law enforcement. However, Overleaf will not be able to decrypt any files that you encrypted prior to storing them on Overleaf.Third-Party Applications. We may share your information with a third party application with your consent, for example when you choose to access our Services through such an application. We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information, so you should make sure you trust the application and that it has a privacy policy acceptable to you.Service Providers, Business Partners and Others. We may use certain trusted third party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Service (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Service’s features). These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy. As of the date this policy went into effect, we use Amazon’s S3 storage service to store some of your information (for example, your Files). You can find more information on Amazon's data security from the S3 website.Your affiliations. When you join a group/team on the Service, either by accepting an invitation to that group or by confirming your affiliation to that group (e.g. by confirming your university email address), you are added to the list of members for that group on the Service. This list may be managed by administrators of the Service and/or external administrators for that group (e.g. university staff), and these administrators have access to information such as: your email address, profile information, and aggregate statistics on usage.Your Use. We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Service according to the preferences you set in your account. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you. Please consider carefully what information you disclose in your profile page and your desired level of anonymity. You can review and revise your profile information at any time. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may also share or disclose your information with your consent, for example if you use a third party application to access your account (see below). Through certain features of the Service, you may also have the ability to make some of your information public. Public information may be broadly and quickly disseminated.Analytics. We also collect some information (ourselves or using third party services) using logging and cookies, such as IP address, which can sometimes be correlated with Personal Information. We use this information for the above purposes and to monitor and analyze use of the Service, for the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to verify users have the authorization needed for the Service to process their requests. As of the date this policy went into effect, we use Google Analytics. To learn more about the privacy policy of Google Analytics, and to learn how to opt out of that service, please visit the Google Analytics website.Geo-Location Information. Some Devices allow applications to access real-time location-based information (for example, GPS). Our mobile apps do not collect such information from your mobile device at any time while you download or use our mobile apps as of the date this policy went into effect, but may do so in the future with your consent to improve our Services. Some photos you place in Overleaf may contain recorded location information. We do not use this information, but may do so in the future with your consent to improve our Services. If you do not wish to share files embedded with your geo-location information with us, please do not upload them. If you don’t want to store location data in your photos or videos, please consult the documentation for your camera to turn off that feature. Also, some of the information we collect from a Device, for example IP address, can sometimes be used to approximate a Device’s location.Personal Information. In the course of using the Service, we may collect personal information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is or may be used: (i) to provide and improve our Service, (ii) to administer your use of the Service, (iii) to better understand your needs and interests, (iv) to personalize and improve your experience, and (v) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any of those communications, or update your account settings information.Cookies. We also use “cookies” to collect information and improve our Services. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device. We may use “persistent cookies” to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Service. We may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service.Log Data. When you use the Service, we automatically record information from your Device, its software, and your activity using the Services. This may include the Device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, the web page visited before you came to our website, information you search for on our website, locale preferences, identification numbers associated with your Devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, system configuration information, metadata concerning your Files, and other interactions with the Service.Files. We collect and store the files you upload, download, or access with the Overleaf Service (“Files”). If you add a file to your Overleaf that has been previously uploaded by you or another user, we may associate all or a portion of the previous file with your account rather than storing a duplicate.Information You Provide. When you register an account, we collect some personal information, such as your name and email address. We may also receive Personal Information (for example, your email address) through other users, for example if they have tried to share something with you or tried to refer Overleaf to you.This Privacy Policy governs your access of the Overleaf Service, regardless of how you access it, and by using our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. All of the different forms of data, content, and information described below are collectively referred to as “information.”This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. Users can access the Overleaf service (the “ Service ”) through our website overleaf.com, applications on Devices, through APIs, and through third-parties. A “ Device ” is any computer used to access the Overleaf Service, including without limitation a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device.Overleaf Pricing Terms & Conditions
Last Modified: 6th September 2016
1. Introduction
1.1.	This project (together with any projects referred to in it) tells you the terms and conditions upon which we sell and supply the services (the 'Services') listed on this website (the 'Website') to you. 
1.2.	Before confirming your order please:

1.2.1.	Read through these terms and conditions (the 'Conditions') and in particular our cancellations and returns policy at clause 11 and limitation of our liability and your indemnity at clause 15
1.2.2.	Print a copy for future reference. 
1.2.3.	Read our privacy policy regarding your personal information.

1.3.	By ordering any of the Services listed on this Website, you agree to be legally bound by these Conditions. You will be unable to proceed with your purchase if you do not accept these terms and conditions as may be modified or amended and posted on this Website from time to time.
1.4.	We reserve the right to revise and amend the Website, our disclaimers and the Conditions at any time without notice to you. Your continued use of the Website (or any part thereof) following a change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether we have changed these Conditions.
2. About Us
2.1.	This Website is owned and operated by Writelatex Limited ('we'/'us'/'our'), a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number: 8343637 having our registered office at 3rd Floor, 207 Regent Street, London, W1B 3HH. Our business address is Overleaf c/o Digital Science, WeWork, 1 Mark Square, London EC2A 4EG, UK.
3. Communications
3.1.	You agree that email and other electronic communications can be used as a long-distance means of communication and acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
3.2.	We will contact you by email or provide you with information by posting notices on our Website.
4. Overseas Orders
4.1.	Our Website is intended for use by customers resident in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland (the United Kingdom).
4.2.	We may accept your order if you are resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Internationally, subject to reserving a right to amend the specifications or standards of the Services offered on the Website and/or these Conditions or to refuse to accept an order for our Services from you, if it will put an excessive strain on our business or if we have an objective reason for doing so. If we accept your order, you will be liable to pay for all and any additional costs that we incur in order to facilitate your order. You will have an opportunity to cancel your order in case the additional costs are not acceptable.
4.3.	If we agree to supply any Services ordered from the Website for delivery outside the United Kingdom they may be subject to import duties and/or additional taxes or expenses incurred due to complying with foreign regulatory requirements or laws. You will be responsible for payment of any such duties and/or taxes in addition to our price. Please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount. Please contact your local customs office or taxation authority for further information before placing your order.
4.4.	You must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the Services are destined. We will not be liable for any breach by you of any such laws.
Registration
5.1.	When registering on the Website you must choose a username and password. You are responsible for all actions taken under your chosen username and password.
5.2.	By registering on the Website you undertake:

5.2.1.	That all the details you provide to us for the purpose of registering on the Website and purchasing the Services are true, accurate, current and complete in all respects
5.2.2.	To notify us immediately of any changes to the information provided on registration or to your personal information
5.2.3.	That you are over 18 or if under 18 you have a parent or guardian's permission to register with and purchase the Services from this Website in conjunction with and under their supervision
5.2.4.	To only use the Website using your own username and password
5.2.5.	To make every effort to keep your password safe 
5.2.6.	Not to disclose your password to anyone 
5.2.7.	To change your password immediately upon discovering that it has been compromised 
5.2.8.	To neither transfer or sell your username or password to anyone, nor permit, either directly or indirectly, anyone other than you to use them

5.3.	You authorise us to transmit your name, address and other personal information supplied by you (including updated information) to obtain information from third parties about you, including, but not limited to, credit reports and so that we may authenticate your identity.
5.4.	We reserve the right to terminate an agreement formed with you pursuant to clause 9 below and to suspend or terminate your access to the Website immediately and without notice to you if:

5.4.1.	You fail to make any payment to us when due
5.4.2.	You breach these Conditions (repeatedly or otherwise) 
5.4.3.	You are impersonating any other person or entity
5.4.4.	When requested by us to do so, you fail to provide us within a reasonable time with sufficient information to enable us to determine the accuracy and validity of any information supplied by you, or your identity 
5.4.5.	We suspect you have engaged, or are about to engage, or have in anyway been involved, in fraudulent or illegal activity on the Website

6. Eligibility to purchase from the Website
6.1.	To be eligible to purchase the Services on this Website and lawfully enter into and form contracts with us, you must:

6.1.1.	Be 18 years of age or over
6.1.2.	Be legally capable of entering into a binding contract
6.1.3.	Provide full details of an address in the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (if you reside in the EEA) for the performance or delivery of the Services

6.2.	If you are under 18, you may only use the Website in conjunction with, and under the supervision of, a parent or guardian. If you do not qualify, you must not use our Website. 
7. Price
7.1.	The prices of the Services are quoted on the Website. 
7.2.	Prices quoted are for performance of the Services in the United Kingdom unless otherwise specified.
7.3. Where applicable, the prices quoted on the Website include VAT at the appropriate rate for your country of purchase. Our VAT registration number is GB 235 9799 51.
7.4.	We reserve the right, by giving notice to you at any time before delivery or performance of our obligations to you, to increase the price of the Services to reflect any increase in the cost to us due to any factor beyond our control (such as without limitation, any foreign exchange fluctuation, significant increase in the costs of labour, materials or other costs of manufacture). In the unlikely event of this occurring, you shall be entitled to cancel the order at any time before we have commenced providing the Services.
8. Payment
8.1.	Payment can be made by any major prepay, credit or debit card or through an electronic payment account as explained on the order form.
8.2.	By placing an order, you consent to payment being charged to your prepay/debit/credit card account or electronic payment account as provided on the order form.
8.3.	Payment will be debited and cleared from your account before the provision of the Service to you.
8.4.	When you pay for your order by card, we carry out certain checks which include obtaining authorisation from your card issuer to ensure you have adequate funds and for security reasons. This may involve validating your name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases including the card issuer, registered credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies. 
8.5.	By accepting these Conditions you:

8.5.1.	Undertake that all the details you provide to us for the purpose of purchasing the Services are correct and that the payment card you are using is your own and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the Services ordered
8.5.2.	Undertake that any and all Services ordered by you are for your own private or domestic use only and not for resale
8.5.3.	Authorise us to transmit the payment and delivery information provided by you during the order process (included any updated information) for the purpose of obtaining authorisation from your card issuer to ensure you have adequate funds, to authenticate your identity, to validate your payment card and for other security reasons, such as fraud prevention

8.6.	We shall contact you should any problems occur with the authorisation of your card.
8.7.	We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part, we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from our Website.
9. Order Process and Formation of a Contract
9.1.	All orders are subject to acceptance and availability. If any Services ordered are not available, you will be notified by email and you will have the option either to wait until the item is available or to cancel your order. It is your responsibility to provide us with a valid email address so that we can contact you if necessary. 
9.2.	Any order placed by you constitutes an offer to purchase the Services from us. All such offers received from you are subject to acceptance by us and we reserve the right to refuse any order placed by you at any time prior to acceptance, without providing an explanation. 
9.3.	You shall be responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the details provided by you during the order process and we will not accept an order unless all details requested from you have been entered correctly.
9.4.	You agree that if we contact you to acknowledge receipt of your order such communication shall not amount to our acceptance of your offer to purchase the Services ordered by you from the Website.
9.5.	A contract between you and us (the 'Contract') incorporating these Conditions will only subsist after we have debited your payment card and have confirmed that we shall be providing the requested Service or made it available to be downloaded. We will send you an email to confirm this (a 'Confirmation Notice'). The Confirmation Notice will amount to an acceptance of your offer to buy the Services from us. The Contract will only be formed when we send you the Confirmation Notice (whether or not you receive it).
9.6.	Where we agree to supply Services to you permanently or on an ongoing (continuous) basis, such as by subscription, they shall be provided for a minimum fixed period of time (the 'Minimum Duration'). The length of the Minimum Duration will depend on which package or product you have selected to purchase and is provided on the Website. 
9.7.	The Contract will relate only to the Services stated in the Confirmation Notice. We will not be obliged to supply any other Services which may have been part of your order until we have sent you a separate Confirmation Notice relating to it. 
9.8.	You must check that the details contained in the Confirmation Notice are correct and you should print out and keep a copy of it. 
9.9.	You will be subject to the version of our policies and Conditions in force at the time that you order the Services from us, unless:

9.9.1.	Any change to those policies or these Conditions is required to be made by law or governmental authority
9.9.2.	We notify you of any change to our policies or these Conditions before we send you the Confirmation Notice, in which case, we are entitled to assume that you have accepted it, unless we receive written notification from you to the contrary within seven working days of receipt of the Confirmation Notice

10. Delivery
10.1.	The Services will be delivered to you at the address you provided during the order process which must be the address that is the billing address of your payment card. We may where appropriate and at our option, deliver all or part of the Services, to the email address you supplied on registration or such other email address that we agree to use to communicate with you.
10.2.	Any dates quoted for completing performance of the Service are approximate only. If no date is specified then it will take place within 30 days or a reasonable time of the date of the Confirmation Notice, unless there are exceptional circumstances.  
10.3.	We shall not be liable for any delay in completing performance of the Service, however caused.
10.4.	The Services may be sent to you in instalments.
11. Cancelling your Contract and Returns
11.1.	Cancelling before receiving a Confirmation Notice
11.1.1.	You may cancel your order for the Services at any time prior to receiving a Confirmation Notice from us so long as you contact us in writing. You can send us a cancellation notice by sending an email to orders at (our domain) or a letter to Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK. Your cancellation notice must quote your name, address, the name or a description of the Services and your order reference number.
11.2.	Cancellation after receiving a Confirmation Notice
or a letter to Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK. Your cancellation notice must quote your name, address, the name or a description of the Services and your order reference number.11.2.1.	You are entitled to cancel your Contract and obtain a refund within 14 working days from the date of the Confirmation Notice. This also applies, where appropriate and subject to clause 11.4, to items that are available to be downloaded. However, you will no longer have a right to cancel if, with your agreement, we have already commenced providing the Services to you before this period of time expires. We shall be deemed to have already commenced providing the Services, in circumstances where you have already downloaded products or materials that we made available to you, from the Website.
11.2.2.	You may notify us of your wish to cancel by sending us a cancellation notice to orders at (our domain) or a letter to Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK. Your cancellation notice must quote your name, address, the name or a description of the Services and your order reference number.
or a letter to Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK. Your cancellation notice must quote your name, address, the name or a description of the Services and your order reference number.11.2.3.	Upon receiving your cancellation notice, we will contact you providing any necessary instructions which you will be required to follow.
11.2.4.	So long as you have complied with your obligations under this clause, we will refund the purchase price to you by crediting the payment card you used to purchase the Services.
11.3.	Cancelling ongoing Services
11.3.1.	Some of the Services that we provide are available for either a fixed period or unspecified period of time (such as the Overleaf Pro Account). In this clause these Services are referred to respectively as 'Ongoing Fixed Term Services' and 'Ongoing Non-Fixed Term Services'.
11.3.2.	You are entitled to cancel your Contract for any Recurrent Fixed Term Services and Recurrent Non-Fixed Term Services that you have purchased and obtain a refund within 14 working days from the date of the Confirmation Notice. This also applies, where appropriate, and subject to clause 11.4, to items that are available to be downloaded.
11.3.3.	You will no longer have a right to cancel any Ongoing Fixed Term Services if, with your agreement, we have already commenced providing this service to you within 14 working days from the date of the Confirmation Notice. We shall be deemed to have already commenced providing the Ongoing Fixed Term Services, in circumstances where you have already downloaded products or materials that we made available to you from the Website.
11.3.4.	In these circumstances you cannot cancel the Contract for any Ongoing Fixed Term Services until the end of the Minimum Duration (even where the Minimum Duration is more than one year) and you will not be entitled to a refund. 
11.3.5.	Although you may notify us of your intention to cancel an Ongoing Fixed Term Services at any time, such notice will only take effect after the Minimum Duration has elapsed. You may notify us of your wish to cancel the Ongoing Fixed Term Services by sending us a cancellation notice to orders at (our domain) or a letter to Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK. Your cancellation notice must quote your name, address, the name or a description of the Services and your order reference number.
or a letter to Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK. Your cancellation notice must quote your name, address, the name or a description of the Services and your order reference number.11.3.6.	We may, at our sole discretion, agree to temporarily suspend any Ongoing Fixed Term Services if you will be unable to use the service, such as, for example, if you are going on holiday. We will require at least 7 working days' advance notice for this to be implemented. The maximum period of suspension will be 8 weeks in any calendar year. You may use the same contact details for providing a cancellation notice to request the Ongoing Fixed Term Services to be suspended.
11.3.7.	You will still have a right to cancel any Ongoing Non-Fixed Term Services if we have already commenced providing this service to you within 14 working days from the date of the Confirmation Notice, upon giving us 2 weeks' advance notice in writing. You may notify us of your wish to cancel by sending us a cancellation notice to orders at (our domain) or a letter to Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK. Your cancellation notice must quote your name, address, the name or a description of the Services and your order reference number.
11.4.	Exception to the right to cancel
or a letter to Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK. Your cancellation notice must quote your name, address, the name or a description of the Services and your order reference number.You will not have a right to cancel an order for services purchased from us, in the following situations:
11.4.1.	If you expressly agree to us beginning to provide any services before the end of the cancellation period.  
11.4.2.	The Contract is for the sale of land or financial services
11.4.3.	The Contract is for the sale of services by auction 
11.4.4.	The Contract is for the supply of:

11.4.4.1.	Audio or video recordings and computer software if unsealed by you
11.4.4.2.	Audio or video recordings and software and other items that you have successfully downloaded where a free trial or demonstration was available to you to view or download
11.4.4.3.	Newspapers, magazines and other periodicals
11.4.4.4.	Gaming, betting and lottery services

11.5.	Incorrectly priced or described Services
11.5.1.	Whilst we try and ensure that all the information on our Website is accurate, errors may occur. In the unlikely event that the price and/or description of an item listed on the Website has been incorrectly advertised, we will not be under any obligation to sell or provide those Services to you.
11.5.2.	If we discover the error before sending you a Confirmation Notice we will at our discretion, either reject your order and notify you of such rejection, or inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of cancelling your order or reconfirming it at the correct price and/or description. If we give you the option of cancelling your order or reconfirming it at the correct price and/or description but either cannot contact you or do not receive your response within 14 days of sending you notification (whether or not you receive it), we will reject your order. 
11.5.3.	If we discover the error after sending you a Confirmation Notice we may, at our discretion and without incurring any liability to you, cancel the Contract provided that the error is, in our reasonable opinion, obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognised by you. We will notify if we cancel the Contract.
11.5.4.	If your order is cancelled or rejected and you have already paid for the Services, you will receive a full refund in accordance with clause 11.7
11.6.	Delivery by instalments
11.6.1.	The Services may be sent to you in instalments. You may cancel the outstanding part of your order and receive a refund, if you have already paid, of the purchase price of the outstanding Services in accordance with clause 11.7
11.7.	Processing refunds
11.7.1.	We will notify you about your refund via email within a reasonable period of time. We will usually process a refund as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day we confirmed to you via email that you are entitled to a refund. Refunds will be made by crediting the payment card or electronic payment account you used to purchase the Services.
12. Complaints
12.1.	If you have a comment, concern or complaint about any Services you have purchased from us, please contact us via email at orders at (our domain) or by post at Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK.

13. Intellectual Property
or by post at Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK.13.1.	The content of the Website is protected by copyright (including design copyrights), trade marks, patent, database and other intellectual property rights and similar proprietary rights which include, (without limitation), all rights in materials, works, techniques, computer programs, source codes, data, technical information, trading business brand names, goodwill, service marks utility models, semi-conductor topography rights, the style or presentation of the goods or services, creations, inventions or improvements upon or additions to an invention, confidential information, know-how and any research effort relating to Writelatex Limited moral rights and any similar rights in any country (whether registered or unregistered and including applications for and the right to apply for them in any part of the world) and you acknowledge that the intellectual property rights in the material and content supplied as part of the Website shall remain with us or our licensors.
13.2.	You may download or copy the content and other downloadable items displayed on the Website subject to the condition that the material may only be used for personal non-commercial purposes. Copying or storing the contents of the Website for other than personal use is expressly prohibited.
13.3.	You may retrieve and display the content of the Website on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on the Website.
13.4.	You acknowledge that any other use of the material and content of this Website is strictly prohibited and you agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works from such material and content.
13.5.	No licence is granted to you in these Conditions to use any of our trade marks or those of our affiliated companies.
13.6.	Services sold by us and Website content may be subject to copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property rights in favour of third parties. We acknowledge those rights.
14. Website Use
14.1.	You are permitted to use the Website and the material contained in it only as expressly authorised by us under our terms of use.
15. Liability and Indemnity
15.1.	Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions, nothing will affect or limit your statutory rights; or will exclude or limit our liability for:

15.1.1.	Death or personal injury resulting from our negligence
15.1.2.	Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation
15.1.3.	Action pursuant to section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987
15.1.4.	Any matter for which it would be unlawful for us to exclude or attempt to exclude our liability

15.2.	The Website is provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise (unless otherwise expressly stated in these Conditions or required by law) in relation to the information, materials, content or services found or offered on the Website for any particular purpose or any transaction that may be conducted on or through the Website including but not limited to, implied warranties of non-infringement, compatibility, timeliness, performance, security, accuracy, condition or completeness, or any implied warranty arising from course of dealing or usage or trade custom. 
15.3.	We will not be liable if the Website is unavailable at any time.
15.4.	We make no representation or warranty of any kind express or implied statutory or otherwise regarding the availability of the Website or that it will be timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
15.5.	We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the Website and we accept no liability of any kind for any loss or damage resulting from action taken in reliance on material or information contained on the Website.
15.6.	We cannot guarantee and cannot be responsible for the security or privacy of the Website and any information provided by you. You must bear the risk associated with the use of the internet. In particular, we will not be liable for any damage or loss caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, any viruses trojans, worms, logic bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful that may infect your computer, peripheral computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material as a result of your use of the Website or you downloading any material posted or sold on the Website or from any website linked to it.
15.7.	We will use all reasonable endeavours to carry out our obligations within a reasonable period of time but will not be liable to you for any loss, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from any delays in doing so.
15.8.	We will not be liable, in contract or tort (including, without limitation, negligence), or in respect of pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent misrepresentations) or otherwise for:

15.8.1.	any economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings and any other consequential loss); or
15.8.2.	any loss of goodwill or reputation; or
15.8.3.	any special or indirect losses; or
15.8.4.	any loss of data; or
15.8.5.	wasted management or office time; or
15.8.6.	any other loss or damage of any kind suffered or incurred arising out of or in connection with the provision of any matter under these Conditions and/or the Contract and/or the use of this Website or any aspect related to your purchase of the Services even if such losses are foreseeable or result from a deliberate breach of these Conditions by us that would entitle you to terminate the Contract between us or as a result of any action we have taken in response to your breach of these Conditions. Without prejudice to the terms of this clause and in the event that we are unable to rely upon it, our liability for all and any losses you suffer as a result of us breaking the Contract, whether or not deliberate, including those listed in clauses 15.8.1 to 15.8.6, is strictly limited to the purchase price of the Services you purchased.

15.9.	You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, including but not limited to losses (including loss of profit, revenue, goodwill or reputation), costs and expenses, including reasonable administrative and legal costs, arising out of any breach of these Conditions by you, or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website or any other person accessing the Website using your personal information with your authority.
15.10.	This clause does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your contractual cancellation rights.
16. Reviews
16.1.	You acknowledge that any review, feedback or rating which you leave may be published by us on the Website and you agree that it may be displayed for as long as we consider appropriate and that the content may be syndicated to our other websites, publications or marketing materials. 
16.2.	You undertake that any review, feedback or rating that you write shall:

16.2.1.	Comply with applicable law in the UK and the law in any country from which they are posted 
16.2.2.	Be factually accurate
16.2.3.	Contain genuinely held opinions (where applicable) 
16.2.4.	Not contain any material which is either defamatory, threatening, obscene, abusive, offensive, hateful, inflammatory or is likely to harass, upset, annoy, alarm, embarrass or invade the privacy of, any person or be deceiving
16.2.5.	Not promote or advocate an unlawful act or activity, discrimination, sexually explicit material or violence 
16.2.6.	Not infringe any trademark, copyright (including design rights), database right, or other intellectual property rights of any other person or breach of any legal duty you owe to a third party
16.2.7.	Not be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity

16.3.	You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless against any claim or action brought by third parties, arising out of or in connection with any review, feedback or rating posted by you on the Website, including, without limitation, the violation of their privacy, defamatory statements or infringement of intellectual property rights. 
16.4.	You grant us and our affiliate companies a non-exclusive, royalty-free worldwide license to use or edit any reviews posted by you. 
16.5.	We reserve the right to publish, edit or remove any reviews without notifying you.
17. Force Majeure
17.1.	We shall have no liability for delays or failures in delivery or performance of our obligations to you resulting from any act, events, omissions, failures or accidents that are outside of our control ('Force Majeure'), which, without limitation, include:

17.1.1.	Strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action
17.1.2.	Shortages of labour, fuel, power, raw materials
17.1.3.	Late, defective performance or non-performance by suppliers 
17.1.4.	Private or public telecommunication, computer network failures or breakdown of equipment
17.1.5.	Civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war.
17.1.6.	Fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster or extreme weather conditions.
17.1.7.	Impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport.
17.1.8.	Acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions of any government
17.1.9.	Other causes, beyond our reasonable control 

17.2.	Our performance will be deemed to be suspended for the period that the event of Force Majeure continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. We will use our reasonable endeavours to minimise any delay caused by Force Majeure or to find a solution by which our obligations may be performed despite the Force Majeure event. We shall promptly notify you of any Force Majeure event giving details of it and (where possible) the extent and likely duration of any delay.
17.3.	Where the period of non-performance or delay in relation to any event of Force Majeure exceeds 30 days from the date of notice to you of the event of Force Majeure, either you or us may, by written notice to the other, terminate the Contract with immediate effect upon service.
18. Privacy Policy
18.1.	In order to monitor and improve customer service, we sometimes record telephone calls.
18.2.	We shall be entitled to process your data in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy. Please view this project for further information. All information provided by you will be treated securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (as amended). 
18.3.	You can find full details of our Privacy Policy on the Website.
19. Third Party Rights
19.1.	Except for our affiliates, directors, employees or representatives, a person who is not a party to the Contract has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Contract but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party that exists or is available apart from that Act.
20. External Links
20.1.	To provide increased value and convenience to our users, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion and risk. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable in any way, whether directly or indirectly, for:

20.1.1.	The privacy practices of such websites
20.1.2.	The content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources
20.1.3.	The use which others make of these websites; or
20.1.4.	Any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused to you, arising from or in connection with the use of or reliance upon any such advertising, content, products, goods, materials or services available on and/or purchased by you from such external websites or resources

21. Linking to the Website
21.1.	Any link to our Website must be:

21.1.1.	Established from a website or project that is owned by you and does not contain content that is offensive, controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or does not comply in any way with the law in the UK and the law in any country from which they are hosted
21.1.2.	Provided in such a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it
21.1.3.	Established in such a way that does not suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists

21.2.	We have no obligation to inform you if the address of the Website home page changes and it is your responsibility to ensure that any link you provide to our Website is at all times accurate.
21.3.	We reserve the right to withdraw our consent without notice and without providing any reasons for withdrawal. Upon receiving such notice you must immediately remove the link and inform us once this has been done.
22. Notices
22.1.	All notices given by you to us must be given to us at Writelatex Ltd, First Floor, 1 Plough Place, London EC4A 1DE, UK or by using orders at (our domain). We may give notice as described in clause 3
. We may give notice as described in clause 322.2.	Notice will be deemed received and properly served immediately when posted on our Website, 24 hours after an email is sent, or three days after the date of posting of any letter. In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an email, that such email was sent to the specified email address of the addressee.
23. Entire Agreement
23.1.	The Contract represents the entire agreement between us in relation to the subject matter of the Contract and supersede any prior agreement, understanding or arrangement between us, whether oral or in writing.
23.2.	We each acknowledge that, in entering into a Contract, neither of us has relied on any express or implied representation, undertaking or promise given by the other from anything said or written in any negotiations between us prior to such Contract except as has been expressly incorporated in such Contract.
23.3.	Neither of us shall have any remedy in respect of any untrue statement made by the other, whether orally or in writing, prior to the date of any Contract (unless such untrue statement was made fraudulently) and the other party's only remedy shall be for breach of contract as provided in these Conditions.
24. General
24.1.	We reserve the right to change the domain address of this Website and any services, products, product prices, product specifications and availability at any time. 
24.2.	All prices and descriptions supersede all previous publications. All product descriptions are approximate. 
24.3.	Every effort is made to keep information regarding stock availability on the Website up to date. However, we do not guarantee that this is the case, or that stock will always be available.
24.4.	If any provision of these terms and conditions is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of the Contract and the remainder of the provision in question will not be affected.
24.5.	All Contracts are concluded and available in English only. 
24.6.	If we fail, at any time during the term of a Contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under it or any of these terms and conditions, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the Contract, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with your obligations.
24.7.	A waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default.
24.8.	No waiver by us of any of these Conditions or of any other term of a Contract shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing in accordance with clause 3
24.9.	Any Contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assigns. You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of the Contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under it, at any time during the term of the Contract.
25. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
25.1.	The Website is controlled and operated in the United Kingdom. 
25.2.	Every purchase you make shall be deemed performed in England and Wales. 
25.3.	The Conditions and any Contract brought into being as a result of usage of this Website will be governed by the laws of England and Wales and you irrevocably agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
