
The purpose of this ABIM Privacy Policy is to inform diplomates, candidates and other website visitors about the information that we collect, how we use that information, and the ways visitors can control how that information is used or shared. We have recently updated the policy below to make it as easy as possible to understand our practices with respect to your information, and to let you know about the privacy choices you have. We encourage you to read the full text of the Privacy Policy below, and the full text of ABIM's Confidentiality Policy.
The American Board of Internal Medicine (“ABIM”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This page states ABIM's Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) for the website www.abim.org (the “website”) and any websites and communication channels, applications, and services that reference this policy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect, how we use that information and the choices you have with respect to that information, and incorporates by reference certain other ABIM policies to which you agree when you use our website, such as ABIM's Confidentiality Policy.
By using our website, you accept and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as well as the terms of other policies referenced herein.

Expand All | Collapse All
Collection of Personal Information
ABIM collects personal information provided by you when you sign in to the secure section of our website, register for Certification or MOC assessments, complete a survey, and/or when you contact us to inquire about or register for any of our products or services. When you provide personal information through our website, the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world.
The personal information we collect may include the following: name, home address, email address, your home and/or mobile phone numbers, your gender, your ABIM identification number and your date of birth. Such detailed, personally identifiable information is required of all physicians who seek Certification or participate in MOC. We may also collect information about you and your training and medical knowledge, including: examination performance, training program evaluations, outcomes-based milestones for resident performance, Self-Evaluation of Medical Knowledge and Practice Assessment. In addition, in the MOC questionnaires, we collect information relating to the nature and scope of your practice. The exact types of information required are identified in detail at the time the information is collected. We also collect personal information about you from actions you take (e.g., exam scores) and from third parties including licensure and certification bodies.
ABIM does not collect personally identifiable information from users of those parts of its website that do not require a sign in, except when users send emails to ABIM. ABIM retains such emails indefinitely, and data retained may include the email sender's name, email address and any other information provided in the email. ABIM regards such information as confidential and does not use or disclose it without the permission of the sender except as specifically necessary for ABIM to carry out its Certification and evaluation functions or to investigate possible violations of ABIM rules.
Collection of Non-Personal Information
ABIM may automatically collect non-personal information about visitors to our website, such as number of visitors, Internet Protocol address, browser type, operating system and pages viewed, but we will not combine such data with any personal information. We maintain this data indefinitely and use this data in the aggregate to determine how visitors use our website for internal management and so that we can improve your experience on our website.
We may use “cookies” (text files placed on your computer by a Web page server) or other technologies to collect such non-personal information. ABIM uses cookies for a number of internal purposes, for instance to enable us to simplify the sign-in process for registered users or to store answers you provide during the self-evaluation process during your active self-evaluation session.
You can turn off the ability to receive any of these cookies by adjusting the browser on your computer. If you refuse cookies, however, certain functions and conveniences of the website may not work properly. 
Use of Your Information
We may use personal information collected from you and about you for several general purposes:

To deliver the products and services that you have requested; 
To respond to your inquiries;
To manage your account and provide you with customer support including for administrative or operational purposes relating to our products or services;
To send you important reminders about requirements and deadlines for your certification;
To send you promotions and news about ABIM products and services or those of other carefully selected medical societies which we think may be of interest to you;
To conduct market research relating to the development of our products, services and/or website;
To maintain and administer the website;
To ask your opinions on our products and services (e.g., through surveys), which will help us improve our products and services;
To verify your identity and prevent or detect fraud; and/or
To perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
For other research purposes: We use information collected from and about you in order to: (i) determine eligibility and qualification of candidates for inclusion in a study or analysis; (ii) evaluate resident development and performance; (iii) amend and improve the Certification exams and programs to make them more effective at gauging professional competence and at equipping physicians with knowledge that would render them more professionally competent; and (iv) collaborate with other research investigators. Any work product or publication derived from this information will not identify individual physicians or training programs.  You may opt out of sharing your information for research purposes by contacting us at research@abim.org.

Please note that we may contact you by mail, email, telephone or fax for any of the above purposes.
Disclosure of Your Information
ABIM maintains personally identifiable information and any other information submitted by or about a physician indefinitely. ABIM maintains the confidentiality of this information in accordance with the ABIM Confidentiality Policy. In general, ABIM discloses information as follows:

The certification status of physicians, the Maintenance of Certification (MOC) and personal identifying information, including mailing address, email address and last four digits of a physician's Social Security number – to the Federation of State Medical Boards and the American Board of Medical Specialties, and to other credential and licensure verification organizations; 
A physician's prior training and examination performance – to training program directors;
    
If requested - a physician's Board Certification and MOC status and address – to professional medical societies and other organizations that provide ABIM-sanctioned educational resources and products used for Self-Evaluation of Medical Knowledge or Practice Assessment in the MOC program;
Information to third parties for research purposes as explained above;
Information about a trainee's prior training and pass/fail status on certifying examinations – to residency and fellowship training program directors;
Subject to the trainee's permission – trainee's score on his/her first attempt at the Certification examination for that area of training – to the program director; and
Examination performance and milestones with ACGME.

Please read the Confidentiality Policy for additional important details and disclosures.
ABIM also may disclose your personal information in any of the following circumstances:

To send the information to companies who work on our behalf to provide a product or service to you, however, we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes; 
To send information to appropriate state authorities about any individual whom it judges has violated ABIM rules, engaged in misrepresentation or unprofessional behavior, or shows signs of impairment.
To conform or comply with the law, or if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a court order or subpoena, to cooperate with investigations by law enforcement or regulatory authorities or to participate or cooperate with a judicial proceeding, to enforce applicable terms and conditions of this website, or, in urgent circumstances, to protect the safety of persons or property, including this website; and/or
In the event of a merger, consolidation or reorganization involving ABIM, your personal information will, in most instances, be transferred to the control of a third party.

We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individual customers are identified and no personal information is revealed) for marketing and strategic development purposes.
ABIM's Commitment to Security
The security of your information is very important to us. ABIM takes appropriate physical, electronic and managerial precautions to secure against unauthorized access and use of information you provide to ABIM. For example, when collaborating with external parties for research, any personal data that are shared are de-identified and transmitted through a secure server using some form of data encryption.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy (“third-party websites”). If you access third-party websites using the links provided, the operators of such sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may differ from ours. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those third-party websites so that you understand if/how they collect and/or use information from you or your computer.
ABIM's Commitment to Security
The security of your information is very important to us. ABIM takes appropriate physical, electronic and managerial precautions to secure against unauthorized access and use of information you send to ABIM.
Your Privacy Choices
If you provided ABIM with personal information and have obtained access to the secure Physician Login section of our website, you may review and update your information by signing in and clicking on the profile section. You may choose to opt out of receiving certain communications or information, including surveys invitations, e-mail promotions, and special offers, by emailing us at request@abim.org or by calling 1-800-441-2246. Please note that you cannot opt out of receiving the messages ABIM deems essential to your participation in our programs.
Your California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, a California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship has the right to request certain information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to request@abim.org or write to us at:
American Board of Internal Medicine
510 Walnut Street
Suite 1700
Philadelphia, PA 19106-3699
Attention: Diplomate Services
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
As with its rules concerning Certification, ABIM reserves the right to modify this policy from time to time as may be required by changes in its processes and services. Such modifications will be effective upon posting on this website. You can determine if this Privacy Policy has been amended since your last visit by referring to the “Effective Date of Current Policy” date at the bottom of this page. You should review this Policy regularly to ensure that you are aware of future amendments.

Effective Date of Current Policy: May 8, 2017.

