 
 General 
This Privacy Policy applies to such personal data Maksuturva has collected via it’s website and/or by other means (like for instance direct contact.) 
 
Maksuturva is a data controller in this context.
 
 
 Controller and contact information 
Maksuturva Group Ltd, Business identification code: 2121703-0
Address: Keilaranta 5, 02150 Espoo, Finland
Contact person: Maksuturva Group Data Protection Team, Krista Willman
Telephone number: (09) 321 3300
 
 
 Legal basis for processing data 
Maksuturva uses your personal data for online marketing. The legal basis for processing your personal data is consent if you have provided your personal data via Makusuturva’s home page or via direct contact. If the processing of your personal data for online marketing use is based on a customer relationship, the legal basis for processing is compliance with a legal obligation.
 
You can take back your concent at any time. After that we will no longer process your personal data if there is not any other legal basis for the processing.
 
 Data contentWe collect the following information about you from Maksuturva’s home page or via direct contact: name, email, phonenumber, IP-adress, and public information from a possible social media profile (via cookies). We collect the same information about you from a possible customer relationship. 
 Data sources 
Information you yourself have provided to Maksuturva, information you have provided on Maksuturva’s home page and information that has been collected when the you brows on the site if you have accepted our cookies. Then the information is automatically saved in a register when a user fills out forms or uses Maksuturva’s home page.
 
This privacy policy does not have anything to do with the payments that are processed via Maksuturva’s payment services nor with the information collected from tasks concerning the payments. 
 
 
 Use of cookies 
We use a so-called cookie function on our pages. A cookie is a small text file that is sent to the user’s computer and stored therein and allows the administrator of a web site to identify visitors who visit the site often, makes it easier for customers to log in to the site, and makes it possible to compile aggregate data of visitors. This feedback makes it possible for us to continuously improve the content of our pages. Cookies do not harm users’ computers or files. We use them so that we can offer our customers data and services that meet each identified need.
 
 If a visitor to our site does not want us to receive the above data by means of cookies, most browsers make it possible disable the use of cookies. However, the fact that cookies may be necessary for the proper functioning of the sites we maintain and services we offer should be taken into account.
 
https://policies.google.com/privacyThis website uses the Google Analytics web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google). Google Analytics uses cookies to help a website analyze who users use the site. The information created by a cookie about how you use a site (including an IP address), is sent to Google’s servers and stored for people who may be located outside of the EEA. Google uses these data to analyze how you use a website, aggregating reports of the activeness of a website for the operators of the website, and to offer other services related to the activeness of the website and use of the internet. Google may also transfer these data to a third party if the law so requires, or to a third party that processes the data on behalf of Google. Google does not connect your IP address to any other data managed by Google. By accepting the cookies on our website you accept that Google processes data about you in the manner described above and for the purposes described above. 
This website uses HubSpot software, which is a marketing automation software of HubSpot, Inc (“HubSpot”). HubSpot uses cookies to collect data about how users use our website. We use the data collected with these cookies to compile reports, to facilitate the improvement of the site, and to support our sales. The technical implementer’s own privacy statement can be read at the following address: www.hubspot.com/privacy-policy  
 basis for transfers of data Legal 
Maksuturva has the right to use and transfer registered personal data to the authorities on a legal basis.
Your personal data will also be transferred, as above mentioned to third parties if you have accepted the use of cookies. Your personal data will be transferred to Hubspot- ,Salesforce- and Google- service partners if you have given us your personal data via direct contact. Maksuturva will not otherwise transfer your personal data to third parties.
 
 Recipients and categories for recipients 
Maksuturva transfers your personal data only in situations and for means that are stated in this Privacy Policy. 
 
Before Maksuturva transfers your personal data, Maksuturva controls that the recipient is willing to process your personal data according to Maksuturvas written instructions and according to the data protection regulation ((EU) 2016/679) and other legal obligations that can possibly be applied.
 
If you have given us your personal data via Maksuturva’s home page, or via other contact, your personal data is transferred to the following parties: Salesforce Inc., Hubspot Inc. and Google Ltd. Maksuturva uses services provided by these three parties.
 
 Regular transfers of data 
Personal data you have provided on Maksuturva’s home page, or have given to us by other means, is transferred, outside of the European Union and the European Economic Area due to the use of the Hubspot- service. The service provider, Hubspot Inc.’s  database is located in the United States in the East 1- Virginia- area. Hubspot Inc- is compliant to the EU- US- Privacy Shield- framework.
 
Personal data you have provided on Maksuturva’s home page is transferred outside of the European Union and the European Economic Area due to the use of the Google- service. Google Ltd. is compliant to the EU- US - Privacy Shield- framework.
 
Except for the above mentioned, your personal data is not transferred outside of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA).
 
 Time frame for retaining personal data 
We will retain your personal data for as long as we have a legal basis for it (for instance your concent) and for as long it is neccecary for the means stated in this Privacy Policy. 
 
 The data subjects rights 
You have the following rights concerning your personal data:
 
The right to be informed and to access

You have the right to get confirmation about whether your personal data is processed or not, as well as getting access to your personal data. The request to access your data must be sent to: privacy@maksuturva.fi or by mail to Keilaranta 5, 02150 Espoo, Finland.If the registered makes a request online, and has not requested any other form of delivery, she will get her information by generally used and data-safe electronical means. A sum for the costs that arise from delivering the information can be requested from the registered. If Maksuturva cannot verify your idendity, Maksuturva has the right to request more detailed information so that the identity is verified.

The right of rectification

privacy@maksuturva.fiYou have the right to claim Maksuturva to correct or update data that is innacurate for the means of processing. In some cases, like if you take back your concent and your personal data is processed based on that concent, or your personal data has been processed illegaly or the means for processing your personal data no longer excist, you have the right to ask Maksuturva to remove your personal data. The request for correction or removal must be sent toor by mail to Keilaranta 5, 02150 Espoo, Finland.
The right to restrict processing

In some cases, as if your personal data is not correct, the processing is illegal or when Maksuturva no longer needs certain data for the means of the processiong but you yourself need the data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, you have the right to claim that Maksuturva restricts the processing of your personal data. The claim for restricting your personal data has to be sent to: privacy@maksuturva.fi or by mail to Keilaranta 5, 02150 Espoo, Finland.
The right to restrict processing

You have the right to restrict Maksuturva from processing your personal data when it comes to means such as: marketing, sales or marketing and opinion research. You have the right to back your given consent to marketing at any time. The request to restrict the processing of your personal data has to bee sent to: privacy@maksuturva.fi or by mail to Keilaranta 5, 02150 Espoo, Finland.
The right to data portability

You have the right to collect personal data that you have provided to Maksuturva in a generally used, electronical form and you have the right to move this information to an other data controller wihout Maksuturva stopping you. The request for data portability has to be sent to privacy@maksuturva.fi or by mail to Keilaranta 5, 02150 Espoo, Finland.

 The right to make a complaint to the authorities 
Maksuturva aims to right everything concerning your personal data straight with you, but if you for some reason are not happy with the way Maksuturva processes your personal data you have the right to make a complainty to the Data Protection Ombudsman.
 
Data Protection Ombudsman
Telephone: 029 56 66700
 
 The consequences for not providing personal dataIf you do not provide your personal data, Maksuturva can not communicate with you by electronical means (if the customer relationship no longer excists) and/or not provide you with any marketing material.
  Changes in this Privacy PolicyMaksuturva retains the right to make changes in this Privacy Policy whenever by informing of it on it’s homepage. We suggest that you keep updated by checking the Privacy Policy on a regular basis. The updated version can always be found at Maksuturva’s website.  
 
