PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy for XCWeather
The privacy of XCWeather visitors is very important to us.
This page explains what types of information we receive when you visit xcweather.co.uk, and how we safeguard that information.  We never sell personal information to third parties.

Cookies
Cookies are small text files that the browser stores on your computer or mobile phone. You can think of cookies as providing a 'memory' for the website, so that it can recognise you when you come back and respond appropriately.

Preference cookies
Preference cookies remember your choices so you don't have to re-set them each time you visit (e.g. wind speed in Miles per Hour or Knots). We also use a cookie to store your previous forecast locations but you can empty this cookie by clicking on the 'Clear History' link.

Anonymous analytics cookies
Cookies are small text files that the browser stores on your computer or mobile phone. You can think of cookies as providing a 'memory' for the website, so that it can recognise you when you come back and respond appropriately.Preference cookies remember your choices so you don't have to re-set them each time you visit (e.g. wind speed in Miles per Hour or Knots). We also use a cookie to store your previous forecast locations but you can empty this cookie by clicking on the 'Clear History' link.When someone visits XCWeather, we generate an anonymous analytics cookie.
These cookies can tell us whether you have visited the site before. This allows us to know how many users we have, and how often they visit the site. We cannot use these cookies to identify individuals. We use them to gather statistics, for example, the number of visits to a page. 

Third party advertising cookies
To pay the bills at XCWeather we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit. 

These advertisers use their own cookies to know how many people have seen a particular ad. They may also use their cookies to display advertising about goods and services that might be of interest to you based on your visits to other websites.

More information about this practice and your options to control it are available here.

Log Files
As with most other websites, our web servers create a log file that allows us to find errors and see site usage.  The information in the logs includes IP address, browser type, time of the visit and pages viewed. These logs are deleted after 14 days.
As with most other websites, our web servers create a log file that allows us to find errors and see site usage. The information in the logs includes IP address, browser type, time of the visit and pages viewed. These logs are deleted after 14 days.
