At CAS, a division of the American Chemical Society, your right to privacy and data security is a primary concern. This Privacy Policy applies to the online collection, use, and disclosure of personal information collected and/or processed through CAS websites, mobile applications, and software-as-a-service offerings (the “Products”).
Information Collected. When providing the Products to its users, CAS collects personal information in the following ways:
Information provided by you: We collect information that you provide to us, including, for example, your name, email address, telephone number, honorarium, and other contact information. In addition, CAS may allow you to submit information to us through surveys or other online forms.
Information collected through your use of the Products: We collect information about the Products that you use and how you use them. This information includes:
Web server logging information. We automatically collect information about your visits and use of our Products through standard web server logging. This information may include your IP address, referring URL, website visited, browser type, device settings, location information, and others.
 Cookies. We may collect information associated with client-side tracking objects or other local storage, including, for example, cookies. We may collect information from such objects through your use of the Products or in electronic communications to you. We primarily use cookies to provide you with access to third-party content, and to establish statistics about Product usage. For example, by setting a cookie on a Product, you will not have to login in a password more than once, which saves you time. The cookie also keeps track of your website browsing session while you are using our Products.
How We Use Collected Information. We use information collected through the Products to perform the services requested by you. We also use information collected through the Products to provide, maintain, protect and improve our products, to develop new products and services, and to protect CAS and its customers. For example, when we support your use of the Products, we may contact you via email or telephone or use information collected from you to verify your identity during a support phone call. We also use information collected to provide customized content to you, including, for example, improved searching and search results.
We also may use information collected from the Products for marketing purposes. For example, we may send you communications describing improvements to functionality, new versions, or other enhancements to the Products for you to use. We may also send communications about new Products available to you.
We may aggregate information collected from the Products with that of other users of the Products to generate aggregated data sets for research, product improvement, or other uses.
Do Not Track. Some web browsers offer a “do not track” option that causes your browser to send a message to websites you visit about this preference setting. We not currently commit to responding to these submissions, in part, because no common industry standard for “do not track” has been adopted.
Children Under 13. We do not market to and do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from or about a child under the age of 13 without the consent of the child’s parent or legal guardian. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected information from a child under 13 years of age, we will promptly take all reasonable measures to delete that data from our systems. 
Protection of Information. Unfortunately, no data transmitted over or accessible through the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while CAS attempts to protect all information, CAS cannot ensure or warrant that your information will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or from other nefarious or criminal activities, or in the event of a failure of computer hardware, software, or a telecommunications network. CAS will notify you in the event we become aware of a security breach involving your personally identifiable information (as defined by the applicable international, state and federal laws) stored by or for us. By disclosing your email address to us for any reason, you expressly consent to receive electronic notice from us in the event of such a security breach.
Third Party Links. The Products may contain links to websites not affiliated with CAS.  Your use of an external website or any informational content found on an external websites is subject to and governed by the terms and guidelines of those website(s). CAS does not endorse or make any representations or warranties concerning, and will not in any way be liable for, any informational content, products, services, software, or other materials available on an external website, even if one or more pages of the external website are framed within a page of any of the Products. CAS is not responsible for the privacy practices of any external website.  
Information Sharing. We may disclose your information to our parent or affiliates, as well as third party partners as follows below:
(a)  Law Enforcement.  Your information may be shared with law enforcement officials if it relates to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity;
(b)  Necessary or for Safety Reasons.  CAS may also disclose your information if required or permitted to do so by law, for fraud protection and credit risk reduction purposes, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of CAS or the users of the Products, to act under urgent circumstances to protect the safety of CAS or its employees or a member of the public, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
(c)  Sale or Acquisition of Assets.  If CAS becomes involved in a transaction involving the sale of its assets, such as a merger or acquisition, or if CAS is transferred to another company, CAS may disclose and/or transfer your information as part of the transaction. If the surviving entity in that transaction is not CAS, the surviving entity may use your information pursuant to their own privacy policies, and those policies may be different from this Privacy Policy. 
(d)  Service Providers. CAS may share information with our service providers to provide services on our behalf.
International Transfer. CAS operates the Products out of infrastructure hosted and maintained in the United States. To facilitate customers internationally, we may transfer and access collected information from around the world. For international customers (e.g. European), please note that in order to provide the information or services requested, your information may be transferred outside of your jurisdiction to the United States. By using the Products, you agree to the transfer of your personal data to the United States.
Accessing Information. In some jurisdictions, you may have a legal right to obtain access to information stored by CAS about you and to make changes to such information. If you wish to access, correct, or amend your information stored by CAS, please login to the applicable Product with your username and password and edit your settings, or send your request to privacy@cas.org. You may also send a written letter to the address below. Requests to access, change, or delete your information will be handled within thirty days. 
Modifications. CAS reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at its sole discretion. CAS will provide notification of any material changes to this Privacy Policy through this URL at least thirty days prior to the change taking effect.
Contacting CAS. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
Privacy Office
CAS
2540 Olentangy River Road 
P.O. Box 3012 
Columbus, Ohio 43210-0012privacy@cas.org
 
Last Updated: June 13, 2017
