
How we process your data (logs, cookies, tracking, etc.)Log dataFor technical reasons, each time your internet browser accesses our website it automatically sends information to our web server (i.e. log data). We store some of this information in log files, such as:The date of the accessThe time of the accessThe URL of the linking websiteThe files accessedThe volume of data transferredThe browser type and versionThe operating systemThe IP address (anonymised)Log data does not contain personal data. As a general rule, we only analyse log data in order to remedy faults in the operation of our website or clarify security incidents. We store this log data indefinitely.It is sometimes necessary for us to collect additional personal information as well as log data in order to remedy faults or preserve evidence relating to security incidents. In these cases, we are permitted to process the log data by law (article 6(1f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679). We delete this data once the fault has been remedied or the security incident has been clarified in full, or if the original purpose of the processing no longer exists due to other factors. In the event of a security incident, we will transmit log data to the investigating authorities on a case-by-case basis, to the extent permitted.We always store log data separately from other data collected that relates to the use of our website.Participation in Special EventsWhen you register for an event, we store and use the information you provide in order to run the event and complete any follow-ups. The data we collect for this purpose depends on the registration form on the event page in question. Upon request, registered participants can receive information about the data they provided when registering or have any incorrect details corrected. To request this, please use the contact information provided at the end of this Data Protection Information.We are permitted to process your data to run the event and complete any follow-ups by law (article 6(1b) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679). Your data is deleted once it is no longer required to run the event or complete any follow-ups.CookiesWe use cookies. Cookies are small text files, which we store on your device when you visit our website. These cookies are sent back to us every time you access our website subsequently. This allows us to recognise you, for example, or makes navigating our website easier for you thanks to the information stored in the cookies.Cookies cannot be used to run programs or transfer viruses to a computer. Cookies can only be read by the web server they originate from.We do not share the information stored in the cookies with third parties without your express permission.You can also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are often configured to accept cookies. To prevent your internet browser from using cookies, you can disable cookie use via the settings in your internet browser. The help functions in your browser can show you how to disable and/or delete cookies in your internet browser. Please note that disabling/deleting cookies may result in individual functions on our website no longer working as expected. Cookies that may be required for certain functions on our website are set out below. In addition, disabling/deleting cookies will only affect the internet browser used to do so. Disabling/deleting cookies must therefore be repeated for any other internet browsers accordingly.Cookies that we use for specific functions, without references to individuals:Cookies that store certain user preferences (e.g. search or language settings)Cookies that store information in order to guarantee flawless playback of video or audio contentCookies that temporarily store certain user entries (e.g. the contents of a shopping basket or online form)Cookies that we use for specific functions, with references to individuals:Cookies that serve to identify or authenticate our users We are permitted to process data in this context by law (article 6(1f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679). We store this data until the cookie in question expires or until you delete it.Any further processing of personal data using cookies is outlined in the relevant sections within this information.Web analytics using pseudonymised user profilesWe use web analytics tools for various purposes on our website. You can find information on the web analytics tools we use below, including a description of the data processing in question, the purposes of that processing and how you can prevent the web analytics tool from collecting and processing your data. Please note that placing opt-out cookies can only prevent the collection and processing of your data by web analytics tools to a limited extent. You can find more information about this in the section on cookies.Web analytics tool: Adobe Analytics (Omniture)In order to carry out marketing and market research and tailor our website (and potentially newsletter) appropriately, we use analytics cookies and/or JavaScript to collect and process usage data relating to your visit to our website and your use of links in the newsletter (if applicable). Your usage data is collected and a usage profile is generated from this data on a pseudonymised basis, using a cookie ID. Your IP address is either not recorded or is anonymised immediately after recording as part of this.We use the Adobe Analytics service provided by Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd., 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Park, Dublin 24, Ireland ("Adobe") to collect the usage data and generate the usage profiles. The information relating to your use of our website is transferred to Adobe servers, analysed and solely returned to us as cumulative data. This data allows us to identify trends in how the website is generally used.We do not conflate the resultant usage profiles with your name or any other details that could disclose your identity, such as your e-mail address. We are permitted to process data in this context by law (article 6(1f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679). The usage data is stored by the service used for a maximum duration of 37 months from the date on which it was collected.Opt-out: Please use Adobe's opt-out website if you wish to prevent your usage data being collected. You can find information about how Adobe Analytics cookies work and the opt-out option via the following link: http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html  Web analytics tool: MouseflowIn order to help us design our website appropriately, we may collect usage data relating to your visit to our website using analytics cookies and other technologies. As part of this, we record the mouse movements and clicks of randomly selected users of our website. Your IP address is anonymised as a matter of course. The resultant log of your use of our website is randomly analysed so that we can derive potential improvements for our website from it.We use service provider Mouseflow ApS, Flaesketorvet 68, 1711 Copenhagen, Denmark for the purpose of collecting this usage data.We do not conflate the resultant usage profiles with your name or any other details that could disclose your identity, such as your e-mail address. We are permitted to process data in this context by law (article 6(1f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679). The usage data is deleted three months after the date on which it is collected.Opt-out: Please use Mouseflow's opt-out website via the following link if you wish to prevent this usage data being collected: https://mouseflow.com/opt-out  Display of BSH Locations Using Google MapsOne feature available to you as a user of our website is a map showing BSH locations worldwide. We use Google Maps to display this map. Google Maps is a service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. You can find details on how personal data is processed when Google Maps is used via the following link: https://policies.google.com/privacy  Cases where we transmit your dataWe work together with a number of service providers to implement and operate our website. We have chosen these service providers carefully and concluded a data protection agreement with each individual service provider to keep your information safe.The service providers we use to implement and operate our website are:Service provider for hosting servicesService provider for programming servicesService provider for sales and marketing servicesService provider for hotline services

