How long we keep your information
In this section, we explain the categories of personal data that we may keep, the periods applied and our reasons for keeping them.
These categories of data include customer contact information, the addresses where we have provided services, account, activation and viewing card numbers, pay per view records, account correspondence with notes and complaints, payment card and financial history. We keep this information for business, legal and regulatory purposes. Some of the legal reasons why we keep this data are: tax purposes, to enable us to defend potential legal claims under the statutory periods set out in the Limitation Act 1980 (for Sky UK Limited and other Sky companies based in England and Wales) or the Statute of Limitations, 1957 (as amended) (For Sky Ireland Limited). 
We will also need to keep some information to demonstrate compliance with the Data Protection Act 2018, for example, where we need to evidence compliance with suppression requests. This information is also helpful if we receive customer enquiries or complaints, and to verify your identity when you contact Sky. 
These records are retained securely for 7 years after your account is cancelled.  After this time they will either be securely deleted or anonymised. Some categories of data are deleted sooner where the data is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected (such as where we have recorded calls, these are retained for 12 months). Please read the Keeping your data up to date and your rights section above to understand how to get in touch to discuss a right to erasure request. 
Please note that you are able to take some actions to delete your data in the My Details page of your Sky account.
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about how we use your information, please contact us here and we will do our best to help. You may find our Customer Complaints Code of Practice helpful. If you're still unhappy, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office via their website or the Irish Data Protection Commissioner via their website. 
Contacting Sky
If you have any queries or comments about this privacy and cookies notice, please write to Customer Relations, Sky Subscriber Services Ltd, PO Box 43, Livingston, West Lothian, EH54 7DD, UK or to Customer Relations, Sky Subscriber Services Limited, One Burlington Plaza, Burlington Plaza, Dublin 4, ROI or contact Sky’s Data Protection Officer via dp.department@sky.uk. 
Changes to this notice
We will occasionally update our privacy and cookies notice. We will post a notice of any material changes on our website prior to implementing the changes, and, where appropriate, notify you using any of the contact details we hold for you for this purpose. This may include phone, SMS, e-mail, post or interactive social media. We encourage you to periodically review our notice to be informed of how we use your information. 
This privacy and cookies notice was last updated 20 March 2019.