This privacy statement describes our policy for the personal and anonymous information Mireo collects when you use Mireo’s products, visit our website, when you subscribe to the Mireo newsletter and when you contact Mireo customer support.
In using Mireo products and website, contacting Mireo customer support and subscribing to the Mireo newsletter, you accept the terms and conditions of this privacy statement. You also agree that Mireo may amend and/or revise this privacy statement at its discretion, and you agree to be bound by these revisions and amendments. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this privacy statement, we request that you immediately cease using Mireo’s products and services that require your personal information.
We use this information to provide you with our products and services, to support our products and services, and to offer you additional information and opportunities. We use the information you provide us with in order to receive the Mireo newsletter and to provide customer support services for Mireo products. This includes your name, email address, etc. We also use your device serial numbers, dates of purchase and information related to support or service issues. If you subscribe to location-based services like TMC Live Traffic, Mireo will use the location data from your device to provide you with the services you have requested. If you send us an email to apply for employment at Mireo, we will use your email address and the contents of your email, included attachments to process your application.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server and is used by our website to identify your computer whenever you visit our website. Our website uses cookies to allow us to gather data in order to customize and personalize it for our viewers. Mireo uses cookies to store your preferences and other related information. Mireo does not use cookies to gather other information from your personal computer. Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable cookies, our website may not work properly.
As you navigate our website, certain anonymous information may also be collected passively, including your Internet protocol address, browser type, and operating system. We also use cookies and data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and viewed. We use this anonymous information to measure the traffic on our website and to help us make our website more useful. We delete this information periodically.
We may receive personal information about you from third parties that provide us with data from their databases. Your personal information is used by Mireo to deliver Mireo products and/or services to you. Mireo uses your personal information to respond to your questions and to fulfil your requests. Mireo will not provide your personal information to a third party without your permission, except as necessary to process your order, fulfil your requests or if compelled by law. Mireo uses personal information to contact you via mail, via email or phone to inform you of our products and services, promotions we may offer, to submit a customer survey and any other marketing activity. Mireo is entitled to contract third parties to perform its direct marketing activities. Mireo may use your personal information to conduct market research, to improve our products and/or services, to provide more responsive customer service and to improve our products and services.
Mireo may provide, distribute or disclose your personal information to third parties where Mireo reasonably believes that it is required to do so to conform to legal requirements or litigation, to protect and defend the rights or property of Mireo or other third parties, to enforce this privacy statement or act to protect the interests of its users. Mireo is also entitled to disclose your personal information for the purposes of national security or other issues of public importance.
Your personal information and anonymous information are stored by Mireo’s central database. This central database is used by Mireo on a “need to know” basis in accordance with this privacy statement.
If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, that company will possess the personal information collected by us, and it will assume the rights and obligations for your personal information as described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, to enforce our policies or to protect anyone’s rights, property, or safety. Such personal information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us, and you have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly at support@mireo.com. However, regardless of your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service emails regarding our products and services or notices of any updates to the terms and conditions or privacy statement.
In the event that Mireo undergoes a change of control or is sold or transferred, or in the event that substantially all of its assets are sold or transferred to a third party, Mireo’s website, products and services, and any personally identifiable information collected by Mireo, will be among the transferred assets. By using our products and/or services, you hereby agree and consent to such transfer or assignment of your personal information collected by Mireo or to a change of control of Mireo, and you further waive any claims that could be made against us in relation thereto.
If you provide feedback to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate this feedback with your personal information without your consent. Mireo will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the personal information in the communication in accordance with this privacy statement.
We recognize our responsibility to protect the personal information you entrust to us. We take precautions including administrative, technical and physical measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with personal information, and Mireo cannot be held liable for any unauthorized access or use of the data you have supplied to us.
If you think that the use of your personal information is not in alignment with the purpose for which you have provided it to us, as described in this privacy statement, or if you have any questions or suggestions regarding this privacy statement, please contact us at support@mireo.com.
This privacy statement is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will post a notice on this page. If you object to any such changes, you must cease using our products and services where personal information is collected. Continued use of our products and services following notice of any such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of the changes and agreement to be bound by the new terms and conditions.
