Introduction
Lichess.org (“Lichess”) is an online chess site. Users can optionally register for an account; however, certain features are available for registered users only. This is because Lichess needs basic information from its users in order to function. Your information will never be sold or shared to/with third parties, unless required by law.
This privacy policy will detail:1.     What information Lichess collects;2.     Why this information is collected and how it’s used;3.     How cookies are used;4.     Managing your information;5.     Storage of the collected information;6.     Closing your account;7.     Donations;8.     Other.
Information Collected
Lichess collects:
1.     User submitted information. 
If you create an account, you will be asked to provide your email address. You can also choose to add content your public user profile.
2.     Technical information. 
If you are a registered user, your IP address and your user-agent linked to your profile. Lichess makes use of “fingerprinting” technology similar to this. Furthermore, during a game, Lichess “counts” the number of times the game’s window loses focus (how many times you switch tabs/apps), “blurs”.
3.     Communications. 
Messages and chats are stored by Lichess.  
4.     Google Analytics Content.
 Lichess uses Google Analytics to provide statistics about the website’s usage. Google Analytics records visitor’s IP address, operating system type and refer/exit pages.
5.     Anonymous Statistics [mobile app].
Lichess' mobile app collects anonymous statistics to help improve the app. Allowing anonymous statistics is turned on by default. You can turn it off at any time by going to Settings > Allow anonymous statistics.
Why this information is collected and how it’s used
1.     User submitted information.
An email is required when you register for Lichess in order to mitigate multi-accounting. Your email address will remain confidential and is used in case you forget your password. Moderators are able to set email addresses for accounts to assist in troubleshooting.
Any content you add to your profile is optional, and is publicly visible to anyone who visits your profile. 
2.     Technical information.
Your IP address(es) and user-agent(s) are private and are not visible to anybody except to Lichess moderators.  This information is used to moderate the website and prevent abuse.
The specific fingerprint information is not visible to any user, including the moderators. Moderators can only see the word “print” in their “mod-zone” (should the user have multiple accounts): it aids moderators to determine if a certain user is creating multiple accounts. 
“Blurs” are how many times your game’s window lose focus: i.e.: leaving the game's window once counts as one blur. “Blurs” are only visible to moderators and is one of many factors used in cheat evaluation.
3.     Communications.
In-game chats and private messages are private. Public chat boxes – such as those in tournaments – are public. 
Moderators can view users' communications for moderation purposes, as well as if a user is reported under the reason of “insult”, “troll”, or “other”.
Additionally, users will be reported to the moderators if the system’s “shutup” script auto-report a user for using blacklisted words. Here is the “shutup” script’s dictionary and here is its source.
In both cases, the nine most recent reported user’s inbox messages and private in-game chats will be visible to the moderators. 
4.     Google Analytics Content. 
Google Analytics records visitors' IP address, operating system type and refer/exit pages. This data is used for statistics such as “has traffic to Lichess increased/decreased?” and “were are the most new users from?” etc. and is used to help make decisions about the website (do we need new servers? etc.). Google Analytics also stores anonymous cookies to provide stats such as “how many times have you visited Lichess?” etc. You can use browser add-ons to block Google Analytics' tracking.
5.     Anonymous Statistics [mobile app].
Anonymous statistics allow for improving and further developing features into the mobile app. You can turn anonymous statistics off at any time by going to the app's Settings > Allow anonymous statistics.
6.    Disclosing your information.
Your information will only be disclosed if it is legally necessary to do so. For example, if Lichess is ordered to hand over a certain user’s information, or if someone hacks Lichess.
Cookies
A cookie is a text string that Lichess stores in your browser in order to save your site preferences. An example of this can be your board style and theme you have selected. Google Analytics stores cookies that enable administrators to determine other basic browsing preferences such as “how many times you visited Lichess?”
Cookies can be cleared at any time from your browser. If you do not want Lichess to store any cookie information, feel free to disable cookies in your browser, although this may affect your browsing with other websites.
Managing your information
You can edit or delete the information from your profile at any time. If you would like to remove your forum posts and/or Q&A posts, simply message a moderator. Information you delete is deleted from the live site but remains in Lichess’ backups for one year.
Your IP address(es) and user-agent(s) are needed for administrative/moderating purposes and cannot be deleted. 
Storage of the collected information
Collected information is stored on Lichess’ servers, which are hosted by OVH. Lichess’ backups create snapshots of the Lichess database at a given date and they can never be modified. 
Closing your account
You may choose to close your account at any time, for any reason. You cannot re-open your closed account by yourself; however,  moderators are able to open closed accounts. Email contact@lichess.org to ask for your account to be re-opened. Remove the information you shared on your public profile before closing your account, as you will not be able to edit/delete it once your account is closed.
Accounts cannot be deleted because of how an online chess website works: your games are linked to other's games.
Donations
Donations are made through PayPal or by credit/debit card (powered by Stripe). All the proceeds made from the donations go directly into server costs. Should you wish to see how donations are used/how much it costs to run Lichess, you can view a spreadsheet here.
Other 
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please use the Q&A or email Lichess at contact@lichess.org.
Lichess can change this policy at its discretion.
Last edited: July 27, 2016
