

 Privacy and Policy 

        You do not want your personal information to fall into the wrong hands. Neither does ASPIRE.
 ASPIRE Academy for Sports Excellence Privacy Statement  

        ASPIRE Academy for Sports Excellence, produces ASPIRE.qa, the Official Website of ASPIRE. We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Website only. 
 General  

        You can visit and enjoy the Website without disclosing any personal information about yourself. If you submit any personal information to us, or to our third party service providers acting on our behalf, you can be assured that we will not sell, lease, or share your personal information with or to anyone else. 
Children’s Data Protection 

         The publishing of identifying photos for a child under the age of eighteen is restricted. We do not publish children’s details on the website unless it is an uncaptioned action photo or part of a single press release story in which case we will publish the child’s name and photo. We will not publish photos or information that in anyway display details of a child’s age, academy, religious community or personal information. 
        We cannot collect any personal information from a child under the age of eighteen without the consent of that child's parent. The statements in the privacy statement are about our collection and use of personal information also applies to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of eighteen.
 Non-Personal Identifiable Information Collected Automatically 

        When you visit ASPIRE’s website, we may collect and store information about your visit on an anonymous, aggregate basis. This information may include the time and length of your visit, the pages you look at on our site, and the site you visited just before coming to ours. We may also record the name of your internet service provider. We use this information only to measure site activity and to develop ideas for improving our site.


