
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties
Company Check Ltd are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets out our privacy policy and explains what we do with the personal information that we collect from you. Please read the following to understand our practices regarding personal information and how they affect you as you use our features and services.
This statement discloses our current privacy practices as of 11th April 2014.
This Privacy Statement answers the following questions:

What information does Company Check Ltd gather about you?
How does Company Check Ltd use your personal information?
How do we use "IP addresses" and "cookies"?
Will Company Check Ltd disclose any of your personal information?
What kind of security measures do we take to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosure?
Will Company Check Ltd use your information for direct mailings?
How can you deactivate your account or correct or revise information that we have about you?
What else should you know about your privacy?
How will you know whether Company Check Ltd's privacy policy has changed?

Company Check Ltd collects information about our visitors so that we can provide a more interesting and useful service, as well as more appropriate advertising. We ask for your name, email address, and other personal information when you register to use certain features of our web site, or if you sign up for special or personalized services, such as our monitor emails. We also may ask for this information at other times, such as when you enter contests or other promotions sponsored by our partners.
Company Check Ltd is a distributor and not a publisher of third party aggregated content. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available to the user via the web site are those of the respective suppliers and distributors and not of Company Check Ltd.
Whilst we will use reasonable endeavors to ensure that such information and/or data is accurate and complete, Company Check Ltd does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any content, its fitness for any particular purpose, nor the validity of any advice or opinion contained therein.
Company Check Ltd will accept no liability for any error therein or omission there from and shall not be liable for any loss of business profits or contracts nor any direct or indirect damage or consequential loss whatsoever as a result of the Client's use of or reliance upon Company Check Ltd's Services including any loss suffered by the Client as a result of any claim by the subject of the Services.
By using the web site all customers, clients and visitors agree these terms and all clients and Visitors agree to indemnify, defend and hold Company Check Ltd, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees harmless from any loss, cost, damage, claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party or incurred or suffered by Company Check Ltd or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers or employees in connection with the customer, clients or visitors use of the Service in breach of this Agreement.
If you use our recommendation service to email one of our pages to a friend, you will need to provide us with your friend's email address. We will automatically send this person a one-time email, with the recommended URL attached, as well as invite your friend to visit and register with our site. We will not use these email addresses for any other purpose. 
We collect IP addresses for site security and to help us understand how people use our sites so that we can improve our sites and our users' respective experiences. For similar quality reasons, we use a feature known as a "cookie." Cookies contain bits of information that web sites transfer to your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more convenient by storing information about your preferences on a site. Although we may assign your browser a cookie, the cookie does not tell us who you are. Only you can tell us that.
When you place an order for a product or service, we need to know the sort of information typically used for credit card transactions, such as your name, mailing and billing addresses, telephone number, and credit card number and expiration date. Gathering this information allows us to process and fulfill your order and notify you of your order status. We use Google Checkout and PayPal UK to handle all our transactions.
If you enter companies into a Monitor or Alert system, we will save that information, and use it to identify content that we think is relevant to you. We will also use that information in the aggregate to help us better understand what our community and our premium members are interested in, so we can create and target our content better.
We may also collect your email address when you submit content to our sites (for example, a contest entry, or a review of a product). Unless we get your approval, we will not display your address with your submission.
Besides cookies, we may also use tiny electronic images (called "single-pixel GIFs" or "Web beacons"), which allow us to count users who have visited specific pages or access certain cookies. We may use single-pixel GIFs in the following ways:

To count and recognize users.
To conduct research on behalf of some partners on their web sites, and for auditing purposes.
To determine aggregate information about users, including demographic and usage information.
To determine which email messages were opened and/or acted upon when we send HTML-formatted email messages (messages resembling Web pages that include graphics).

Advertising networks that serve ads on our site may also use single-pixel GIFs in their advertisements. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a Web page, including an ad banner, can act as a Web beacon.

