UPDATED OCTOBER 1, 2016
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation and all of its affiliates and subsidiaries (“Fender” or “us” or “we” or “Company”) appreciate your use of and contributions to our websites, our mobile and desktop applications, our other properties or our related services (collectively known as the “Fender Properties” or, each individually, a “Fender Property”) and we understand your concerns about privacy. So, we want you to understand what types of information we collect on this site and what may happen to that information. 
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact us at: 
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation 
Attn: Legal 
17600 N. Perimeter Drive, Suite 100 
Scottsdale, AZ 85255  
This is our Privacy Policy and we will comply with it, as well as applicable U.S. privacy law, when we gather and use information from users of the Fender Properties. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy to understand how we collect information and what we do with the information we collect from you.

1. AGREEMENT TO PRIVACY POLICY
BY ACCESSING OR USING FENDER PROPERTIES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION AS DISCUSSED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE FENDER PROPERTIES.

2. AMENDMENTS TO PRIVACY POLICY
Fender reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Notice of changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated to you in advance. All changes will be effective immediately upon their posting to Fender Properties. Material changes will be conspicuously posted on Fender Properties. You agree that accessing or using Fender Properties without any objection following posting of the changes, constitutes your acceptance of the revised terms.

3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A. Personally Identifiable Information
When using the Fender Properties, Fender may collect information you voluntarily share with us, including any content, record, or electronic communication of any kind, including without limitation your (1) contact information, including name, address, phone number, and email address; (2) financial information related to payment, including name, email address, billing address, credit card information, telephone number and other information necessary to open your account and complete a transaction or purchase, record of products or services purchased, and the date the transaction occurred; (3) demographic information, including gender, age, birthdate, number of children, interests, and household income to better design and manufacture products and services to meet your needs; (4) product and service preferences; and (5) online user account information, including username, password, profile picture, instrument skill level, and left or right hand preference. Our collection and use of all of the foregoing information is subject to applicable laws and the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You are not required to provide personally identifiable information in order to visit Fender Properties. You must, however, register and provide personally identifiable information in order to access certain portions or use some or all of the features of certain Fender Properties, receive Fender communications, and to enter contests and other promotions.
Fender may use content you provide us through emails, responses to polls, contests or sweepstakes or any other promotional activity. Please be advised that your submissions become the property of Fender and may be used by Fender for any lawful purpose, subject to applicable law. Fender can edit, rewrite, use, and reuse the content of your submissions, including your name, likeness, photograph, and biographical information in any way and in any media whether now known or invented in the future, with or without attribution, including publication in online publications,  trade media, and advertising. You agree that any content you send us will not violate any rights of any third-party and that you will only send us content for which you own the rights.

B. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Fender also collects other information that is not personally identifiable to you, but results solely from your visit to Fender Properties. For example, we may collect Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses. We may use web beacons and cookies, which may be placed on your computer when you access Fender Properties. 
a. IP Addresses
Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. By collecting your IP address, Fender's server may record the referring page that linked you to the Fender Property (e.g., another website or a search engine), if a website then the pages you visit on this website, the website you visit after this website, the ads you see or click on, other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using, any search terms you have entered on the Fender Property or a referral website, and other usage activity and data logged by our web servers. Fender may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic and geographic information, and administer our Fender Properties. Fender may also link this information with your personally identifiable information when Fender feels that it is necessary to enforce compliance with its rules and policies, terms of service, or to protect its Fender Properties, customers or others.
b. Web Beacons
Web beacons are Internet tools, such as transparent images on a website or in e-mails that we may send you, that help us to determine, for instance, the number of visitors to a Fender Property, whether a page has been viewed or an e-mail opened, or to collect other related information, and this information may be associated with your unique browser, device identifier, or IP address. For example, when you ask us to send you information on a promotion or newsletter, we may use web beacons to determine how many of the e-mails we sent were actually opened. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page, including a banner ad, can contain a web beacon.
c. Cookies
Fender may use cookies to track the use of Fender Properties and to facilitate and enhance your experience. “Cookies” are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to your computer or other electronic device to uniquely identify your browser. When you use Fender Properties, we may place one or more cookies on your computer or other electronic device. We may use cookies to connect your activity on the Fender Properties with other information we store about you in your account profile or your prior interactions on the Fender Properties to, for example, store your preferences. The cookies enable Fender to facilitate access to different aspects of the website. For example, by showing when and how you and others visit its website, cookies help Fender to see which pages of the website are popular and which are not. Cookies can also help Fender to improve your enjoyment of this website, for example, by remembering your address or other personal information when you request information or services on the website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can disable this function so that your browser will not accept cookies. Please be aware that disabling this function may impact your use and enjoyment of this website.
d. Google AdWords Remarketing
Fender uses Google AdWords Remarketing and Google Analytics to advertise Fender products across the Internet. AdWords Remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the Fender Property you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER. The cookie is used to say "This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page." AdWords Remarketing allows Fender to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you. How to Opt-Out of Remarketing and Advertising: If you do not wish to participate in our AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager. 
e. Mobile Device and Mobile Browser
You may adjust settings on your mobile device and mobile browser regarding cookies and sharing of certain information, such as your mobile device model or the language your mobile device uses, by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device. For additional information, please refer to the instructions provided by your mobile service provider or mobile device manufacturer. 
f. Social Networks
If you use the social networking connection functions offered through Fender Properties, we may access all of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For additional information, please refer to your social network account to manage the information that is shared through your account. 
g. Email 
You may receive email from Fender for a variety of reasons. We respect your desire to manage email correspondence. You can manage your receipt of some types of communication by following the instructions included in the email we send you. However, note that even if you unsubscribe from certain email correspondences, we may still need to email you important transactional or administrative information. 

4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Fender does not sell, rent or loan any of your personally identifiable information to any third party.
Fender may, however, use and share information with third-party suppliers specifically involved in the processing of your information received via Fender Properties. Fender may also share your information with our foreign and domestic affiliates and subsidiaries and third-party suppliers, which may require sending your personal information to or from the United States and another country, subject to applicable data privacy laws and regulations. 
Fender will use your personally identifiable information only for the purpose of communicating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy and any other purpose for which you disclose it to us. If you wish for us to cease use of your personally identifiable information in any way, you may contact us at any time as set forth below. We will contact you in writing via email prior to using your information for any reason other than for the reason you disclosed it to us.
With respect to purchases on Fender Properties, we do not collect or store your full credit card information. Our credit card processing service provider will collect and store full payment card information from you to pay for your purchases from Fender Properties.  
In addition, Fender may use and share aggregated information that does not uniquely identify you when it enables Fender to improve and enrich our products and services.
When you provide public information without identifying yourself, we will protect your personal identity in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to submit in any public section of a Fender Property (such as your profile page or the discussion forums).  
Fender reserves the right to use and share your information where such disclosure may be required by law. 

5. ACCESS BY CHILDREN
Fender Properties are not intended for use by children age under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personally identifiable information or use Fender public discussion areas, forums and chats or participate in any contests or any other promotional activities, and Fender does not knowingly collect or use information from children under age 13 through Fender Properties.
To subscribe to newsletters and to participate in other activities where personal information is divulged on Fender Properties, you must be age 16 or older. Minors under the age of 18 should get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before subscribing to anything on Fender Properties.

6. CHOICE/OPT-OUT
If you are registered as a user with any Fender Property you may also receive commercial emails regarding Fender products, services, promotions and events. If you receive Fender's commercial email and would like to stop receiving commercial email in the future, you may opt-out of receiving it by clicking on the opt-out area within that email. Fender will only communicate with you according to your instructions.

7. SECURITY
Fender limits third party access to personally identifiable information collected on Fender Properties to those parties that are engaged to process your information. Fender Properties have security measures in place that we believe are reasonable to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under Fender's control. While Fender cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, Fender uses industry standards, such as Secure Socket Layers (“SSL”) technology, to help safeguard against such occurrences. In certain instances, the information passed between your browser or device and the Fender system is encrypted with SSL technology to create a protected connection between you and Fender Properties to ensure confidentiality. In the event that a breach into the Fender security systems occurs and there is a possibility that an unauthorized person acquired your personal information, Fender will notify you of   the breach under applicable law. No transmission of information via the Internet can be entirely secure, however, so please always use caution when submitting personal information. 

8. ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you wish to have access to your personally identifiable information, please contact us with your request at the address below. You may also request that Fender update your personal information or correct any factual errors that you believe may exist regarding this information. In the event of a change in control of Fender or sale by Fender of substantially all of its assets, any information owned by or in the control of Fender may be transferred to such Fender successor, who will comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

9. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Fender Properties may link to, or be linked to, other websites or applications not maintained by or related to Fender. Fender is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third parties or third-party websites or applications, including any third-party linked or linking websites or applications. To the extent that you disclose personally identifiable information to any such third parties, different rules may apply to their use and disclosure of personal information that you disclose to them. Fender encourages you to review the privacy policies of such websites or applications before disclosing your personal information to them.

10. DO NOT TRACK
We will automatically collect cookies and other non-personally identifying information when you visit this site. Due to this automatic collection, we do not currently honor do not track requests. We also currently do not participate in any online ad network that tracks users across Fender Properties and over time.

11. RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA, UNITED STATES
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what Personal Data (if any) we disclosed to third parties for that third-party’s direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge. Under Section 1798.83, we currently do not share any Personal Data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If we do decide to share your Personal Data with third parties for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out of this disclosure at any time by submitting a request to us at the address below. 
It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes or for purposes of assisting us with our own marketing.
Additionally, if you are a registered user under the age of 18 and a resident of California, you may request removal of content you have posted to the Services. Please note that making such requests does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content. For example, we may retain the information for our own internal records, and it is also possible that a third-party we do not own or control may copy the posting and repost it elsewhere.

Your privacy is important to Fender. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: 
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation 
Attn: Legal 
17600 N. Perimeter Drive, Suite 100 
Scottsdale, AZ 85255  