BCG may use browser cookies on this Site to keep track of your visit to our Site. A "cookie" is a small amount of data that is sent from a Web server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. Use of cookies may allow BCG to provide a higher quality, more relevant, customer experience. Use of cookies may also allow BCG to automate entry into password protected portions of the Site so that you will not need to re-enter your password each time you visit our Site. We may also use cookies to track which areas of the web site are most popular with our users and to further BCG's understanding concerning overall use of the site. With most internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer. Please refer to your browser instructions or you can visit www.aboutcookies.org which will give you more information.  To disable cookies on your mobile device's browser you may need to consult your device's manual.  Unless you have adjusted your browser setting to refuse cookies our system will issue cookies on you visiting our site.  Once you have given your consent to use cookies we shall store a cookie on your computer or device to remember this for next time. If you wish to withdraw consent at any time you will need to delete our cookies using your web browsers settings. Please be advised that certain sections or functionalities of the Site may be inaccessible to you if your browser does not accept cookies.This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To find out more about Google Analytics, Google's privacy policy and opting out of its cookies please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
