BCG may use cookies on this Site and in our communications with you to keep track of your visit to our Site and our communications with you. A “cookie” is a small amount of data sent from a Web server to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place a small amount of data on your devices to monitor your website activity to allow us to collect information about how you use our Site and our services. With most internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer. Please refer to your browser instructions or you can visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/ which will give you more information. Once you have given your consent to use cookies we shall store a cookie on your computer or device to remember this for next time. If you wish to withdraw consent at any time you will need to delete our cookies using your web browsers settings. Please be advised that certain sections or functionalities of the Site may be inaccessible to you if your browser does not accept cookies.We use the following types of cookies:“persistent cookies” to improve your experience when using the Site.“session cookies” to enable your use of our Site and to remember your settings. Session cookies are deleted automatically at the end of your visit.“web analytics cookies”. These cookies are used by us or third-party providers to analyze how the Site and our services are used, including the following types:Google Analytics.  This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies" to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website and accepting the use of the cookies, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To find out more about Google Analytics, Google's privacy policy and opting out of its cookies please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Adobe Analytics.  This website uses Adobe Analytics, a web analytics and marketing service provided by Adobe Systems Incorporated (“Adobe”).  Adobe uses HTTP “cookies” and similar technologies to collect information to measure and understand how users use this website.  This includes user activity tracking on this website, including pages visited and links clicked. BCG does this to provide you with experiences and marketing messages based on your likely interests. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Adobe. Adobe may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Adobe’s behalf. Adobe will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Adobe. You may opt-out of cookies by visiting: https://bcg.sc.omtrdc.net/optout.html?optout=1&confirm_change=1.You may also refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do opt-out you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. To find out more about Adobe Analytics, Adobe's privacy policy and opting out of its cookies please visit: https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#customeruseWeb beacons. BCG includes a web beacon, which is a graphic image, in a majority of the HTML email messages we send. BCG uses web beacons, alone or in conjunction, with cookies to compile information about your usage of BCG websites and interaction with emails from BCG. We use the capability to determine whether or not an email has been received, opened, or when an URL has been clicked inside of an email that directs you to one of BCG’s websites. These web beacons are used to: (i) operate and improve BCG websites, services, and email communications, (ii) send emails in a format users can read and (iii) track the aggregate number of emails opened. The web beacon does not collect your personal information, however the information compiled by the web beacon allows us to tie a user to information BCG has collected in data collection process as set out in this Privacy Statement. You may refuse the use of web beacons by selecting the appropriate settings on your email program to disable image and refraining from clicking on any links in email messages.By continuing to browse or use our Sites and services, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described herein.
