 Privacy Notice
MTGMintCard.com is committed to protecting your privacy. We hope that you will take the time to read this policy, which explains what information we collect from you and how we use that information. By using our website or by purchasing products or services from us, you agree to be bound by this policy. Please check back frequently, as this policy may change from time to time.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
When you visit our website, MTGMintCard.com collects your IP address, which we use to improve our products and services as well as to help us administer our website and diagnose technical problems. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information that does not personally identify you. To receive our website's newsletters and/or periodic email notifications with special offers, you only need to leave your email address with us. However, to order from us, you must set up a MTGMintCard.com account by providing us with your name, email address and a chosen password. These constitute your "Account Information". Account Information also includes any information that you may provide to us in response to customer surveys. When you place an order with us, we will also collect your shipping address and telephone number, as well as credit card number, billing address, and card expiration date, if applicable. This information constitutes your "Order Information". Order Information is necessary for us both to process your order and notify you of your order status. Order Information also includes any information that you provide us in connection with an order that you later cancel or that is not completed for any reason. We may use your Account Information and Order Information to occasionally notify you about important changes to the website, new MTGMintCard.com features, special MTGMintCard.com offers that you may find useful, or offers from companies with whom we have business relationships. We may also contact you if you have entered one of our lucky draw contests or responded to one of our surveys. Choosing not to receive email newsletters or email notifications from us when you enter a lucky draw contest will not affect your chances of winning. If you would prefer not to receive email newsletters or email notifications from us (other than email notifications relating to order processing), simply visit the "Preferences" section of "My Account". From here, select "Newsletter Subscriptions" and/or "Personalized Email Reminders and Special Offer Email Subscriptions," indicate which newsletters or email notifications you wish to unsubscribe from, and then click the "Update" button.
How We Protect Your Information
 To protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control we have implemented security measures at this website.
Limited Sharing of Information
A website traffic and user behavior auditing system operated by Google Analytics is being used on this website. Please see the Google Analytics website for information about Google Analytics, the Google Analytics auditing system, and Google Analytics' privacy policy.
Making Changes to Your Information
You may change your personal information on file with MTGMintCard.com at any time. To do this, simply visit the "Account Management" section of "My Account". From here, choose "Change your Sign In and personal information", "Manage Shipping Addresses in your address book", and/or "View and change your Credit Card Profiles". Enter the changes to the information as desired, and then click the "Update", "Edit", or "Delete", button, as appropriate.
Links to Other Websites
The MTGMintCard.com website contains links to other sites, operated by third parties that we believe may be of interest to you. While MTGMintCard.com encourages third parties to follow appropriate privacy standards and policies, it is not responsible for the actions of those parties, the content of their websites or any products or services they may offer.
Cookies
The MTGMintCard.com website employs "cookies," which are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies enable us both to provide a Shopping Cart and to store your shipping and billing information between visits. If you have set your browser to reject cookies, you can still use our site, although you may need to re-enter information that would normally be obtained from the cookie.
Children's Privacy Online
At MTGMintCard.com, we believe that the privacy of children is important.We do not monitor the age of our user audience except in connection with surveys and contests, and except for age data optionally provided by users who wish to customize their account preferences, However, visitors and users under the age of thirteen (13) should not submit personal identifying information to MTGMintCard.com without the consent of their parent(s) or guardian(s).If you are a parent and want to limit your children's access to material you believe may be harmful to them, you may want to look into commercially available hardware, software and filtering devices.
Unsubscribe to Newsletters
You can easily stop receiving our newsletters at any time. Simply click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any newsletter you've already received.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Please check back frequently, as this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. The date of the most recent update to the Privacy Policy will be indicated at the top of this page. In the event of a material change to the Privacy Policy, we will add "Updated", "New", or a similar term near the link to the Privacy Policy on the home page of MTGMintCard.com and elsewhere throughout the site.
Questions/Suggestions
If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us at privacy@mtgmintcard.comMTG Mint CardFlat B 9/FHeep Kee Commercial Bldg.205-211 Wing Lok St.Sheung WanHong KongHK (852) 2815 0097Mon - Fri 	9:00am - 6:00pmSat 	9:00am - 1:00pmSun	ClosedHoliday	Closed

        MTG Mint CardFlat B 9/FHeep Kee Commercial Bldg.205-211 Wing Lok St.Sheung WanHong KongHK (852) 2815 0097Mon - Fri 9:00am - 6:00pmSat 9:00am - 1:00pmSun ClosedHoliday Closed