Privacy Policy

Please read our privacy policy, below. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, our information gathering techniques, or any other aspect of our website, please feel free to contact us at staffhockeydraft.ca. 

Registration Information 

Your name and email address will not be given to any third party without your consent.  HockeyDraft.ca may use your email address for sending account verification information, announcements, and product offerings. 

Disclosure

HockeyDraft.ca openly volunteers its practices of collecting browsing information for statistical purposes. If you have any questions pertaining to this privacy policy and its contents, please direct your correspondence to staffhockeydraft.ca. 

Notification of Changes 

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Regardless of later updates, we will never use the information you submit under this current policy in a new way without first providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use. 

Please read our privacy policy, below. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, our information gathering techniques, or any other aspect of our website, please feel free to contact us at staffhockeydraft.ca.Your name and email address will not be given to any third party without your consent. HockeyDraft.ca may use your email address for sending account verification information, announcements, and product offerings.HockeyDraft.ca openly volunteers its practices of collecting browsing information for statistical purposes. If you have any questions pertaining to this privacy policy and its contents, please direct your correspondence to staffhockeydraft.ca.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Regardless of later updates, we will never use the information you submit under this current policy in a new way without first providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use.