
Chick-fil-A, Inc. Terms and Conditions
Legal Notice: Terms and Conditions of Use 

Please Read These Terms and Conditions of Use Carefully Before Downloading, Accessing, or Using any CFA Online Services

These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms and Conditions of Use") apply to your access to, and use of, any Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("Chick-fil-A") website, mobile application, and online service or program where these Terms and Conditions of Use are posted or linked ("CFA Online Services"). These Terms and Conditions of Use are a legal and binding agreement between you and Chick-fil-A, and, as applicable, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and related entities such as CFA Properties, Inc. and CFA Servco, Inc. ("Affiliates") (Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates are referred to herein, as the context may require, as "we", "us", or "our"). These Terms of Use govern your use of the CFA Online Services, which includes the programs, offers, content, information, services, and features made available through the CFA Online Services. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use, then you should not use the CFA Online Services.

Your use of the CFA Online Services is at your risk. If you are dissatisfied with the CFA Online Services in any way, its programs, offers, contents, features, or these Terms and Conditions of Use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the CFA Online Services.



Modifications to These Terms and Conditions of Use

We reserve the right at any time to update, change, modify, or revise these Terms and Conditions of Use. Any changes will become effective upon posting to the CFA Online Services, along with the date on which it was most recently updated as indicated by the "Last Updated" section at the end of these Terms and Conditions of Use. Your continued access to or use of the CFA Online Services and its programs and offers after any such changes indicates your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Use as modified. It is your responsibility to review the Terms and Conditions of Use regularly for updates.



Use of CFA Online Services

The CFA Online Services and all content, information, and other materials featured, displayed, contained, and available on the CFA Online Services, including, but not limited to, all text, images, graphics, designs, illustrations, photographs, pictures, audio, software, and video clips, the “look and feel”, pages, screens, content arrangement, and computer programs (collectively, "Materials") are owned by or licensed to Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates and are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and/or other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws under the United States and foreign laws. Subject to your compliance with these Terms and Conditions of Use, we grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use, display, and download the CFA Online Services for noncommercial purposes only. You may view, display, copy, download, and print the Materials solely for your own personal, noncommercial use. All copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices contained on the Materials must be retained on all copies thereof. You may not, in any way, otherwise copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, create derivative works from, sell, or exploit, in whole or in part, the CFA Online Services or its Materials. Except as expressly provided herein, we do not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secret information.

You agree to abide by all additional terms, conditions, and restrictions included within the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and/or the programs, features, and services.

Chick-fil-A may at any time, for any reason, and without notice or liability: (1) modify, suspend, or terminate operation of or access to any CFA Online Service, or any portion thereof; (2) change, revise, or modify the CFA Online Services, the Materials, or any portion thereof; (3) interrupt the operation of the CFA Online Services, or any portion thereof, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or for any other purposes; (4) impose limits on certain programs, feature s, and services, or restrict your access to the CFA Online Services, in whole or in part ; and/or (5) terminate the authorization, rights, and license given above, upon which you shall immediately destroy all Materials.



User Conduct

You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to:

modify, adapt, translate, or reverse engineer any portion of the CFA Online Services or the Materials;
use the CFA Online Services or any Materials, features, or services for any unlawful, fraudulent, or malicious purposes, or to solicit any such activity;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to any accounts, features, systems, or networks through hacking, password mining, or any other means;
use the CFA Online Services or any feature in any way that could disrupt, damage, disable, overburden, or impair it or its systems, servers, or networks;
frame or mirror any portion or feature of the CFA Online Services;
use the CFA Online Services or any feature for advertisements, chain letters, spamming, junk mail, solicitations, or any other commercial purposes;
use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider”, or other automatic device, program, algorithm, or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to: (1) access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the CFA Online Services or the Materials; (2) reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the CFA Online Services or the Materials; (3) obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents, or information through any means not purposely made available through the CFA Online Services;
use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the CFA Online Services or with any other person’s use or enjoyment of the CFA Online Services;
transmit any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, cancel-bots, corrupted files, or other items of a destructive nature;
circumvent or attempt to circumvent any security or authentication measures implemented by or on behalf of Chick-fil-A;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers;
post, transmit, submit, or include any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable content, material, or information of any kind, or any content, material, or information that may give rise to criminal or civil liability;
submit or post any false or misleading information; and/or
violate, infringe, or misappropriate the intellectual property, publicity, privacy, or other proprietary rights of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, or any other person or entity.

We reserve the right to prohibit access, use, conduct, communications, or content that we, in our sole discretion, deem to be harmful to the CFA Online Services, the Materials, users, us, our brand, or any other person or entity, or that violates these Terms and Conditions of Use and/or applicable law.

Submissions

Except for any personally identifiable information we may collect from you under the guidelines established in our Privacy Policy, any materials, remarks, suggestions, ideas, photos, stories and/or other information you communicate or submit to us through CFA Online Services (including, without limitation, "Share Your Chick-fil-A Story"), via phone, or otherwise ("Submissions") will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing a Submission to us, you expressly grant us an unrestricted, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable (i.e., fully assignable and sub-licensable), worldwide, royalty-free license to disclose, copy, reproduce, display, publicly perform, transmit, distribute, translate, reformat, incorporate, and otherwise use your Submission along with your name, photograph, voice, likeness and other information, content, or materials embodied therein, in whole or in part, and create derivative works therefrom, in any media now known or hereafter developed, and for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes without compensation to you or anyone else. You also permit any user to access, display, view, store, and reproduce, for personal use only, your Submission as posted by us.

We may, but shall not be obligated to, in our sole discretion, post any Submission on the CFA Online Services and identify you as the submitting party. We may, without notice to you, refuse or edit Submissions for any reason or no reason, including those Submissions that violate these Terms and Conditions of Use, are irrelevant or inappropriate, or represent us in a negative way or in any manner not consistent with our brand and/or reputation, as determined by us in our sole discretion.

You agree that any statements that you make about us or any of our products, services, or programs in any Submission that you make accurately reflect your personal beliefs and experiences with us and our products and services, and that any opinions submitted are true to the best of your knowledge.

You are fully responsible for your Submissions. You agree that your Submissions comply in all respects with these Terms and Conditions of Use and shall not be made on behalf of any person or entity without their prior written consent. You may not include any content (e.g., text, photos, images, quotes, logos, etc.) that is the property of another (e.g., protected by copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights), unless you have express, written permission to do so.



Programs and Promotions

Any programs, offers, sweepstakes, contests, raffles, surveys or other similar promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the CFA Online Services may be governed by rules and/or terms that are additional to these Terms and Conditions of Use. By participating in any such Promotion, you will become subject to any such additional Promotions terms. Chick-fil-A urges you to read the applicable Promotions terms, which are either included herein or linked from the particular Promotion, and to review our Privacy Policy which, in addition to these Terms and Conditions of Use, governs any information you submit in connection with any such Promotions.



Chick-fil-A One Mobile App

In order to use CFA Online Services made available through the Chick-fil-A One Mobile Application (“the App”) you must have a compatible mobile device; Chick-fil-A does not warrant that the App will be compatible with your mobile device.   

If you access the App using an Apple iOS or Android powered device, Apple Inc. or Google, Inc., and their subsidiaries, respectively, shall be a third-party beneficiary to this contract and you agree that these third-party beneficiaries have the right to enforce these Terms of Use against you.  However, these third-party beneficiaries are not a party to these Terms and Conditions of Use and are not responsible for the provision or support of the App.  You agree that your access to the Mobile App also shall be subject to the usage terms set forth in the applicable third-party beneficiary’s terms of service.  

The App may automatically download and install updates from time to time or require the downloading and installation of updates or new versions for continued use.  You acknowledge that in some instances updates and/or new versions may reduce or remove features and functionality in prior versions of the App.

Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card

The Chick-fil-A Mobile App (the “App”) allows you to load funds onto a Chick-fil-A Digital Gift Card for use at participating Chick-fil-A locations.  To load funds to your Chick-fil-A Digital Gift Card, sign into your Chick-fil-A One Account on the App, then open your card and enter a dollar amount and payment method (credit card, Apply Pay, etc.).  The dollar value that you load onto your Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card with the Chick-fil-A One app is a prepayment redeemable solely for the goods and services of participating restaurants. We offer the Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card to make it more convenient for you to eat with us. We have no liability for any temporary inability to access funds loaded to a Chick-fil-A Digital Gift Card for any reason, including but not limited to connectivity failures, problems with your mobile phone or other device, temporary issues with our service providers, or any other reason.  Unless otherwise required by law or permitted by these Terms and Conditions, the dollar value on your Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card is nonrefundable and may not be redeemed for cash nor via a credit back to a credit card, including the credit card from which such funds were originally loaded.  However, upon request, unused balances on a Digital Gift Card accessible via the App may be transferred to a physical Chick-fil-A gift card that you may use to make future purchases of Chick-fil-A goods and services or provide to a donee of your choice.  

Chick-fil-A One Offers Program

The Chick-fil-A One Offers program is operated by Chick-fil-A and subject to the following additional terms and conditions (the “One Offers Terms”). 
Eligibility.  Chick-fil-A One Offers (“Offers”) are limited to persons residing in the United States who are eligible to use the CFA Online Services and who download the Chick-fil-A Mobile App (the “App”) and sign-up for a Chick-fil-A One account.  You must be at least 13 years of age to redeem Offers in the Chick-fil-A One Offers program.  Some activities may only be available to those who are at least 18 years or age.  Chick-fil-A One accounts are limited to one individual per account.  Offers are valid only at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants.  To signup for a Chick-fil-A One account, download the App  to your AndroidTM or iPhone® device and follow the prompts to access account sign-up and/or sign-in page in the App. You can also sign up by following the prompts at www.one.chick-fil-a.com or by creating an online account (i.e. Cow Calendar, Kids Club, etc.). (Note:  In order to receive Chick-fil-A One Offers, you must download the app and redeem using the QR Code included in the app. See below for details)  You will be required to provide the requested information, including, but not limited to, user name, password, name, and e-mail address. Chick-fil-A may periodically request additional information to help us get to know you better. You agree to provide true and accurate information and to ensure that information provided by you is up-to-date and accurate. Communications with you will be made using contact information most recently provided by you. Chick-fil-A is not responsible for your inability to receive or redeem Offers or other loss arising from your failure to provide and maintain accurate contact information. 
Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may send messages from time to time using the contact information provided by you. Such messages may include system updates, flash bulletins, Offer confirmations, administrative announcements, special requests and the like and may be sent via notifications in the App, via e-mail, regular mail, or communicated to you on a receipt or display at the time of use of an your One account. 
Your participation in any Offer is personal and non-transferable. Offer status and/or individual Offer may not be purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred. There are no membership fees associated with Chick-fil-A One Offers.  Offers made via Chick-fil-A One are purely promotional offers.  You agree that no portion of your payment for purchases qualifying for any Offer constitutes consideration paid for any Offer.
Offers.  The CFA One Offers are issued on a periodic basis. They are referred to as ‘treats’ in the App but may appear with different descriptions from time to time. Upon signing up, you will receive notice via the Chick-fil-A One account of your current Offer.  Once you activate a Chick-fil-A One account, you progress towards an Offer and are eligible to receive special offers, from time to time.  The number, type and frequency of Offers are based on a number of factors, each of which are subject to change, without notice.  Those factors may include, without limitation, volume and type of purchases at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, number of visits and frequency of visits to participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, interaction with other Chick-fil-A applications or promotions; or special offers made directly by Chick-fil-A Operators or Chick-fil-A which may include ways to progress toward your next Offer via a special promotion.   For Offers that are based on purchases, the following types of purchases at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant qualify: (1) placing and completing a Mobile order for a qualifying purchase through the App; (2) using your Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card to complete a purchase or transaction at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant; (3) logging into your Chick-fil-A One account online and making an online purchase at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant; and (4) or completing a transaction at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant and scanning the digital code linking to your Chick-fil-A One account at checkout.
You must use the App or if placing an online order, be signed in to your Chick-fil-A One account, to complete the qualifying purchase or activity in order for that purchase or activity to count towards your progress to the next qualifying Offer.  Benefits applied from any single qualifying purchase or activity may only be credited to one (1) Chick-fil-A One account.  The qualifying purchase or activity will be applied to your One account after completion of the qualifying purchase or activity. In certain cases, it may take twenty-four (24) hours or more to be credited. Chick-fil-A shall not be responsible for, or liable to, you, or any person or entity, in any way for any losses, costs or expenses incurred by a delay, error or omission in crediting a qualifying purchase or activity to your Chick-fil-A One account.
Offers are purely promotional offers and may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods.  For free drink or food Offers, some restrictions apply and items are subject to availability at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants.  All Offers must be redeemed prior to the stated expiration date for the Offer and in compliance with any other conditions associated with the particular Offer to be valid.  It is your responsibility to check your Chick-fil-A One account periodically for Offers and use the Offers prior to the stated expiration date.
Activities which allow progress towards Offers do not count towards and may not be combined with other programs.  Activities tied to specific Offers must be fully completed and will only result in one Offer, regardless of the number of times the activity is performed.  Chick-fil-A reserves the right to change, modify or update these Offers and the qualifying purchases and activities to progress to an Offer from time to time without notice. Certain purchases and transactions do not qualify, including, without limitation: (i) purchases of Chick-fil-A gift cards or gift certificates; (ii) purchases or transactions made using an Offer or other promotional item (such as a Be Our Guest card); or (iii) catering purchases made as a guest (e.g. made while not signed in to your Chick-fil-A One account), whether made in-store, online or through the App. Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to provide you with any particular number of Offer opportunities or special offers. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit enrollment at any time. 
Special Offers: Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, in their sole and absolute discretion, may periodically offer the opportunity for additional Offers on particular transactions or special offers (“Special Offers”). Special Offers may also be distributed to you via the App or via e-mail or mail from time to time (based on the information you have in your One account). Special Offers may include periodic promotional offers on food, beverages and merchandise.  You must have your App set to receive notifications and/or have opted-in to receive email communications in order to receive promotional and marketing offers. Special Offers may be customized based on your qualifying purchases and preferences. In certain events, Special Offers may require that you have location settings enabled for them to be distributed to your App. Please note that Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may be unable to send these Special Offers to you if you have turned off your notifications or location settings in the App; if you have elected not to receive email communications from Chick-fil-A; or if you have poor network connectivity.  Special Offers may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. Special Offers are personal to you and cannot be shared, copied or transferred. You may be required to present your Chick-fil-A One account information at the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant in order to redeem Special Offers. Read each offer carefully for specific details, conditions, limitations and restrictions.
Redeeming Offers.  To redeem an Offer, you must present the valid Offer in the App at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant (for in-person transactions) or be logged into your Chick-fil-A One account (for in App transactions). Offers are subject to availability and limitations as may be imposed by Chick-fil-A. Determinations regarding redemption of Offers are subject to the discretion of the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant.  Only one Offer may be redeemed per transaction. 
Once redeemed, the Offer will be indicated as redeemed in your Chick-fil-A One account. Updates to the status of Offers may take 24-48 hours or more to show up in your account. A list of current Offers and redeemed and expired Offers are available under your Chick-fil-A One account.  Offers have no cash value and are not redeemable for cash, gift certificates or gift cards.  Offers are promotional and do not constitute property of any Chick-fil-A One account holder.  Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Offers and limit the number of Offers available. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to modify the number of qualifying purchases or transactions needed to receive specific Offers.
Cancellation; Termination.  You may opt-out of Chick-fil-A One Offers at any time, for any reason by cancelling your Chick-fil-A One account by calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040).  If you cancel your One account, any unredeemed Offers and/or progress towards other Offers will automatically expire and will no longer be available for redemption. If you re-enroll at any time, you will start at the introductory Offers level as applicable.
Upon cancellation, your Chick-fil-A One account shall immediately cease and you may no longer receive Offers, redeem Offers previously received, receive Chick-fil-A One benefits, or make purchases using remaining balances on Digital Gift Card funds accessible via your Chick-fil-A One account. Chick-fil-A has no obligation to compensate you for any unredeemed Offers or benefits following cancellation, or for unused balances on Digital Gift Cards accessible via your Chick-fil-A One account. Chick-fil-A will not refund any unused balances on Digital Gift Card funds accessible through your Chick-fil-A One account (including via credit back to a credit card from which such funds may have been loaded to the Digital Gift Card), but will upon request at the time of cancellation of your Chick-fil-A One account transfer any unredeemed Digital Gift Card balances accessible through your Chick-fil-A One account to a physical Chick-fil-A gift card that you may use to make future purchases or gift to a donee of your choosing.  Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after expressing an opt-out preference, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation.
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to suspend or terminate, at Chick-fil-A’s sole and absolute discretion, any Chick-fil-A One account if Chick-fil-A believes that the account holder has abused Chick-fil-A One Offers privileges, has violated or acted inconsistently with these Chick-fil-A One Offers Terms and Conditions or applicable law or acted in a manner harmful to our interests. Chick-fil-A further reserves the right to terminate a Chick-fil-A One account that has been inactive for a period of three (3) years or more.  You understand and agree that termination by Chick-fil-A of a Chick-fil-A One account will result in in the cancellation of all Offers associated with that account and the inability to earn and/or redeem further Offers, as well  as inability to access or use any remaining balances on Digital Gift Cards accessible via your Chick-fil-A One account.  Upon termination of your Chick-fil-A One account, Chick-fil-A will not refund any unused balances on Digital Gift Card funds accessible through your Chick-fil-A One account (including via credit back to a credit card from which such funds may have been loaded to the Digital Gift Card), but will upon request at the time of termination of your Chick-fil-A One account transfer any unredeemed Digital Gift Card balances accessible through your Chick-fil-A One account to a physical Chick-fil-A gift card that you may use to make future purchases or gift to a donee of your choosing.
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to terminate Chick-fil-A One Offers Program, or any or all benefits under Chick-fil-A One Offers, at any time, for any reason. In the event Chick-fil-A elects to terminate Chick-fil-A One Offers, Chick-fil-A will provide a notice of termination in accordance with these Terms, as they may be modified or amended from time to time. In the event of such termination, at Chick-fil-A’s election, Chick-fil-A may allow you to redeem any outstanding valid and unexpired Offers at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant until expiration of such Offers. ANY UNREDEEMED AND UNEXPIRED OFFERS SHALL BE CANCELLED AT THE LATER OF (1) THE EXPIRATION OF THE THEN-CURRENT OFFERS OR (2) NINETY (90) DAYS AFTER CHICK-FIL-A ONE OFFERS PROGRAM TERMINATION.  
General Restrictions.  Chick-fil-A shall be the sole arbiter in cases of suspected abuse, fraud, or violation of its One Offers Terms and Conditions and any decision it makes relating to termination or disabling of Chick-fil-A One your Chick-fil-A One account or of the overall Chick-fil-A Offers Program (including, but not limited to, cancellation of specific Offers) shall be final and binding.  Should you object to any of these One Offers Terms and Conditions, or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with Chick-fil-A One Offers, your sole remedy is to discontinue participation in Chick-fil-A One Offers programs and properly cancel your account in the manner provided above. 

Copyright Infringement Notification

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. Copyright Law. If you believe in good faith that Materials available on the CFA Online Services infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) should send us a notice requesting that we remove the Material or block access to it. If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly submitted a notice to us under this paragraph, then you should send us a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See http://www.copyright.gov/ for details.

If you believe that your work has been improperly copied and posted on the CFA Online Services, then please provide us with the following information: (1) name, address, telephone number, email address, and an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on his or her behalf; (2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (3) the applicable CFA Online Service and a description of where the Material that you claim is infringing is located within such CFA Online Service; (4) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. These requirements must be followed to give us legally sufficient notice of infringement.

Notices and counter-notices should be sent to:

Chick-fil-A, Inc.
ATTN: Marketing - DMCA Manager
dmca@chick-fil-a.com
5200 Buffington Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30349
404-765-8000
DMCA details are available at http://www.copyright.gov/onlinesp/.

We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Please be aware that there may be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.



Login and Registration

Certain programs, offers, features, or services offered on or through the CFA Online Services may require you to complete a registration process and/or setup an account or login. In connection therewith, you agree to (1) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, and (2) maintain and promptly update your information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you hold for your login, including your password. You agree to notify Chick-fil-A immediately of any unauthorized use of your login, or any other breach of security. You may be held liable for losses incurred by Chick-fil-A or any other CFA Online Service user or visitor due to someone else using your login as a result of your failing to keep your login information secure and confidential.

You may not use anyone else’s login at any time without their express written permission. Chick-fil-A shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.



Mobile Apps

In order to use CFA Online Services made available through a mobile application ("Mobile App") you must have a compatible mobile device; Chick-fil-A does not warrant that the Mobile App will be compatible with your mobile device.

If you access the Mobile App using an Apple iOS or Android powered device, Apple Inc. or Google, Inc., and their subsidiaries, respectively, shall be a third-party beneficiary to this contract and you agree that these third-party beneficiaries have the right to enforce these Terms of Use against you. However, these third-party beneficiaries are not a party to these Terms and Conditions of Use and are not responsible for the provision or support of the Mobile App. You agree that your access to the Mobile App also shall be subject to the usage terms set forth in the applicable third-party beneficiary’s terms of service.

The Mobile App may automatically download and install updates from time to time or require the downloading and installation of updates or new versions for continued use. You acknowledge that in some instances updates and/or new versions may reduce or remove features and functionality in prior versions of the Mobile App.



Links To Third Party Sites and Social Media Pages

The CFA Online Services may contain links to other third-party websites, including the franchised operators of Chick-fil-A Restaurant businesses ("Operators"), and social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, or Foursquare (all links to third-party websites and social medial platforms are collectively referred to herein as "Linked Sites"). Linked Sites are provided only for your convenience. If you decide to visit any Linked Site, you do so at your own risk. Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates have no responsibility or liability for any Linked Sites, or the content, policies, or actions thereof. If you choose to purchase any product or service from a Linked Site (including, without limitation, from an Operator Linked Site), your relationship is with that third party. You agree that we are not responsible for the quality of third-party products or services, or fulfilling any of the terms of your agreement with the seller, including, but not limited to, the delivery of products and services and warranty obligations related to products and services. Links do not imply that we sponsor, endorse, are affiliated with or associated with, or are legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, service mark, design, logo, symbol, or other copyrighted materials displayed on or accessible through such Linked Site.



Privacy

Chick-fil-A's Privacy Policy applies to use of the CFA Online Services and programs, offers, and promotions, and its terms are made a part of these Terms and Conditions of Use by this reference. By accessing and using the CFA Online Services you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy.



Trademark Information and Ownership of Intellectual Property

Chick-fil-A® and Eat Mor Chikin® are registered trademarks and service marks of CFA Properties, Inc. ("CFA Properties") in the United States and other countries. Chick-fil-A is a licensee of Chick-fil-A Properties. The absence of a trademark notice or legend indicating the registration or ownership by CFA Properties anywhere in the text of the CFA Online Services does not constitute a waiver of CFA Properties’ trademark or other intellectual property rights concerning that trademark or service mark used or referenced on the CFA Online Services.

The CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the trademarks, logos, service marks, and all other source identifying indicia displayed on the CFA Online Services (collectively, the "Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property") are owned by or licensed to CFA Properties, Chick-fil-A, or others with all rights reserved unless otherwise noted. We do not permit third parties to use Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property in any manner, including advertising, as an endorsement for any product or service, in association with contests or promotions, or for any other purpose, commercial or otherwise, without our prior express written permission.

Nothing contained on the CFA Online Services should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property without our prior express written permission. You are strictly prohibited from using any Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions of Use. You are also advised that CFA Properties and/or its licensee(s) will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including seeking criminal prosecution.

Electronic Communications

When you visit the CFA Online Services or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the CFA Online Services. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You further agree that any notices provided by us electronically are deemed to be given and received on the date we transmit any such electronic communication as described in these Terms and Conditions of Use.



No Warranties

Chick-fil-A makes no representations or warranties regarding the CFA Online Services and the Materials.

WE DO NO WARRANT THAT THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES OR THE MATERIALS WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED.

WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE USE OF THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES OR THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES, OR THE RESULTS OBTAINED THEREFROM, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.

THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES AND THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS, AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, PARTNERS, SPONSORS, LICENSORS, LICENSEES, OR THE LIKE (“PROVIDERS”) IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES AND THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES.



Limitations of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR ANY OF OUR PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES (LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF INFORMATION, PROGRAMS, OR DATA) RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES AND THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.



Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, its Providers, and its and their officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), and expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from: (1) your breach of these Terms and Conditions of Use; and/or (2) your activities in connection with the CFA Online Services, and the Materials, programs, offers, features, and services made available through the CFA Online Services.



International Users and Choice of Law

The CFA Online Services are controlled, operated, and administered by us and our service providers from offices within the United States of America. We make no representation that Materials on the CFA Online Services are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use the CFA Online Services or export the Materials in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access the CFA Online Services from locations outside of the United States of America, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. These Terms and Conditions of Use and our Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, U.S.A., without regard to conflict of laws provisions or principles.



No Agency Relationship

Neither these Terms and Conditions of Use, nor any Materials, programs, offers, features, or services of the CFA Online Services, create any partnership, joint venture, employment, or other agency relationship between Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, and you. You may not enter into any contract on our behalf or bind us in any way.

Violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use and Remedies
You agree that Chick-fil-A may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, block and/or terminate your access to any or all of the CFA Online Services if we determine that you have violated these Terms and Conditions of Use or other agreements or guidelines that may be associated therewith. You also agree that any violation, or threatened violation, by you of these Terms and Conditions of Use constitutes an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable and unquantifiable harm to Chick-fil-A. You also agree that monetary damages would be inadequate for such harm and consent to our obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that we deem necessary or appropriate. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies we may have at law or in equity.

If Chick-fil-A takes legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use, we will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to Chick-fil-A. You agree that Chick-fil-A will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the CFA Online Services as a result of any violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

Entire Agreement, Claims Limitations, and Severability

These Terms and Conditions of Use, together with our Privacy Policy and any other applicable terms included within the CFA Online Services, and/or the Materials, programs, offers, features, and services made available through the CFA Online Services, as each is currently posted on the CFA Online Services, constitute the entire agreement between us and you with respect to your use of the CFA Online Services and the Materials, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between us and you with respect to such subject matter. Any cause of action you may have arising out of or relating in any way to the CFA Online Services must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. If, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use, our Privacy Policy, or any portion thereof to be unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to give the intended effect thereof, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy shall continue in full force and effect.



Contact Information

If you have any questions about CFA Online Services or these Terms and Conditions of Use, or to report violations of these Terms and Conditions of Use, please contact us at:

Chick-fil-A, Inc.
5200 Buffington Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30349
1-866-CFA-2040 or 1-866-232-2040
http://www.chick-fil-a.com/Connect/Contact-Us-CARES
Last Updated

Terms and Conditions of Use last updated on September 26, 2017.

Copyright © 2016 Chick-fil-A, Inc. All rights reserved.


Chick-fil-A, Inc. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes the information practices of Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("Chick-fil-A") and, as applicable, its affiliates, subsidiaries and related entities such as CFA Properties, Inc. and CFA Servco, Inc. ("Affiliates"), (Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates are referred to herein, as the context may require, as "we", "us", or "our"). It covers the information that Chick-fil-A collects about you, how we use and share this information, and your choices regarding our collection and use.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via the Contact Information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
The Chick-fil-A Franchise System
The Chick-fil-A franchise system is a restaurant network made up of company-operated, franchised, and licensed Chick-fil-A restaurant businesses. Chick-fil-A franchisees ("Franchised Operators" or "Operators") own and operate their own individual franchised businesses. Chick-fil-A licensees ("Licensees") are granted a license to use Chick-fil-A's trade name and marks in the sale of Chick-fil-A products at Chick-fil-A licensed locations. Franchised Operators and Licensees are independent third parties, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of any Franchised Operator or Licensee. Please see the Franchised Operator and Licensee Online Services section below for more information regarding a Franchised Operator's or Licensee's applicable policies. Information Covered by This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information, including Personal Information, collected about you by Chick-fil-A and its third-party service providers. As used in this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means information that personally identifies you. Information Collected
Chick-fil-A and its third-party service providers collect information about you from a variety of sources, including information you provide directly to us, and information we collect about you when you interact with us. For example, we and our third-party service providers collect information both directly and indirectly from you when you:

access or use our websites, , mobile applications, and online services or programs to review content including videos, where this Privacy Policy is posted or linked (collectively, "CFA Online Service");
order and/or purchase any of our products or services;
contact or communicate with us;
create an account with us;
request information from us;
register for any event or program, and/or participate in any event, program, contest, surveys, or other promotion that we may offer from time to time (collectively, "Promotions");
begin or complete the application process for a franchise opportunity, or for employment by Chick-fil-A, Inc;
access or use Chick-fil-A pages or accounts on any third-party social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, or Foursquare ("Social Media Pages");
use sign-in services that allow you to use third-party login credentials to access the Chick-fil-A accounts or pages;
sign-up for communications (e.g., Email Insiders, Text Insiders, or social media notifications) from us;
provide or submit comments, stories, suggestions, or other content or input to us; 
interact with CFA Online Services via mobile, tablet or laptop device; and/or 
otherwise interact with us and CFA Online Services.

We may combine any of the information collected about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
When you link your social media account or engage with Chick-fil-A Social Media Platforms, you understand that you may be allowing us to have ongoing access to certain information stored on those social media sites (e.g., your public profile, friend list, people you follow or who follow you, your email address, birthday, work history, education history, interests, current city, website, personal description, and likes, and your friends' birthdays, education histories, personal descriptions, and likes). We may receive certain information about you which is stored on social media sites if other users of those sites give us access to their profiles and you are one of their friends or connections depending upon your settings on those third-party social networking sites. We may also receive other information (e.g., content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on, etc.) from your interaction with our Social Media Pages. The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent. The information that may be passed to analytics providers and advertising partners is via cookies and tracking technologies. By associating an account managed by a third-party with your Chick-fil-A One account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use, and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Personal Information
We and our third-party service providers collect Personal Information provided by you or on your behalf, which information may include your:

name;
address;
telephone numbers (including mobile numbers);
email addresses;
date of birth and/or age;
demographic information; and/or
financial information (e.g., credit and debit card numbers).
photos; and/or
any other personal information that you share with us (e.g., via a survey or otherwise).

We do not require you to provide any information related to your racial origin, religious beliefs, or sexual orientation.
When you use the fingerprint login features on your Apple or Android devices, we do not receive your fingerprint data. Your mobile phone's authentication mechanism helps us verify that it is you. Transaction Data
We and our third-party service providers may also collect information, including Personal Information, relating to your purchases from Chick-fil-A and its Franchised Operators and Licensees, such as the authorization code of the transaction, payment method, the date and time of the transaction, items purchased, and the purchase price ("Transaction Data"). Information Collected Automatically
We and our third-party service providers use Traffic Data, Cookies, Web Beacons, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect certain information from you when you use CFA Online Services. The following are examples of information we may collect with these technologies:

your IP address, browser type, and operating system;
your device attributes including but not limited to device ID and other information for probabilistic and/or deterministic fingerprinting  to create device graphs; 
pages you view within CFA Online Services (including videos viewed);
websites you visited before coming to CFA Online Services;
emails from us that you open and/or forward; and/or
offers or links from us to which you connect.

We use this information to personalize your online experience and for marketing purposes.
Traffic Data. CFA Online Services automatically track and collect your IP address, domain server, type of computer, and type of web browser (collectively, "Traffic Data") for our marketing purposes and to manage and improve CFA Online Services.
Cookies. We also use cookies, which are small text files that are stored on a user's computer and allow websites to remember information about users ("Cookies"). We use Cookies to monitor how CFA Online Services are used, for marketing purposes, and to help personalize and improve CFA Online Services. Most browsers automatically accept Cookies. You have the choice to set your browser to accept or reject Cookies. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your Cookie preferences. You can also learn more about Cookies at the following websites:
If you choose to decline Cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our CFA Online Services or programs, features, and services made available through any of CFA Online Services.
Web Beacons. Certain pages on CFA Online Services and Social Media Pages may contain web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, and clear GIFs), which are small bits of code embedded in pages or images on CFA Online Services and Social Media Pages ("Web Beacons"). We may also include Web Beacons in e-mails we send to you to learn if messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. You can disable the ability of Web Beacons to capture such information. Please refer to the "Help" menu of your browser to learn more about Web Beacons and your ability to disable them.
Other Technologies. We and our third-party service providers may also utilize other tracking technologies. For example, if permitted by applicable law, we may collect "referrers" and various environmental variables. A "referrer" is information the web browser passes along to our or our third-party service provider web servers, which refers to the URL from which you accessed CFA Online Services. Environmental variables may include, among other things, the domain from which you access the Internet, the time you accessed CFA Online Services or Social Media Pages, the type of web browsers and operating system or platform used, the Internet address of the website you left to visit CFA Online Services or Social Media Pages, the names of the web pages you visit, and the Internet address of the website you visit next. These environmental variables are collected by most websites. We use these technologies for marketing purposes and to optimize user's experience with CFA Online Services.
We treat information automatically collected as non-personally identifying information. Such information may be combined with your Personal Information so that we can improve and customize CFA Online Services and our communications and Promotions. To the extent that information automatically collected is combined with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
You may encounter tracking technologies/cookies from our third party service providers, that we have allowed on our CFA Online services.  We do not control the tracking technologies used by third party providers as detailed in Section 20.

We may target and track the videos you view on CFA Online Services. You consent to our tracking of your video viewing through the CFA Online Services or third party social media for up to two years or as permitted by applicable law or until you withdraw consent.        Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), on certain CFA Online Services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you visit CFA Online Services, what pages you visit within CFA Online Services, and what other sites you visited prior to coming to the applicable CFA Online Service. We use the information provided by Google Analytics to improve CFA Online Services. For more information regarding how Google collects, uses and shares your information please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Google provides users more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics by developing an Opt-out Browser Add-on which can be located at: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. By installing this Add-on, no information is being sent to Google Analytics. California's Do Not Track Notice
At this time, there is no worldwide uniform or consistent industry standard or definition for responding to, processing, or communicating Do Not Track signals. Thus, CFA Online Services are unable to respond to Do Not Track Signals. We do not, however, currently track your Personal Information over time and across third-party websites.
Chick-fil-A does not allow third parties to collect Personal Information about your online activities when you use CFA Online Services for such third party use. We do use third party web analytics services on CFA Online Services, such as Google Analytics, to help us obtain and analyze information about your browsing or usage habits but this information does not include Personal Information other than your IP address. Mobile Applications
In addition to the information described above, we and our third-party service providers may collect additional information when you utilize any of our mobile applications, including the type of mobile device you use, the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers (sometimes called UDID), the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile applications.
If you utilize any of the location-based services in our mobile applications, such as Find a Restaurant, we and our third-party service providers may collect, use, and share location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device. We use such information to provide and improve location-based products and services. You may opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device. Information Use
We use your information that we collect, including Personal Information, for a variety of business purposes, including:

providing our products and services to you;
processing payments;
communicating with you regarding our restaurants, products, services, events, Promotions, other offers;
tailoring our products, services, Promotions, communications, and CFA Online Services, and advertisements to your interests;
creating and managing your accounts with us (e.g., E-mail Insiders, Text Insiders, online registration for events, online ordering, mobile payments, etc.);
administering our Promotions and other offers;
responding to your inquiries, comments, stories, or postings;
improving and customizing our products, services, Promotions, and CFA Online Services;
for internal operations such as enhancing our product and service offerings, marketing efforts, and to conduct research and analysis;
developing new products, services, and Promotions;
for marketing purposes; to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, and potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
to enforce our Terms of Use; and/or
to protect the security and integrity of our business and CFA Online Services.
 Information Sharing and Disclosure
We share and disclose your Personal Information under the following circumstances:

with third parties that provide a variety of services on our behalf, including the development, maintenance, and support of CFA Online Services and Social Media Pages, payment processing, online and mobile application ordering, the distribution of email and mobile messages, Promotions, ad serving, marketing, and marketing research and analysis;
within Chick-fil-A and with its Affiliates (as such terms are defined above in this Privacy Policy);
with our Franchised Operators and Licensees in order to provide our products, services, and Promotions to you, and for marketing purposes;
to comply with law, a court order, or other legal process, or in connection with a legal investigation;
as may be necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, Franchised Operators and Licensees, and our and their respective employees, customers, visitors, users, or any other person or entity;
to enforce any applicable terms and conditions and other agreements;
in the event of a corporate transaction;
in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable form; and/or
in accordance with your consent.

We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties for their marketing purposes. User Generated Content
CFA Online Services and Social Media Pages may allow users to post messages and submit their own content (e.g., stories, comments, blogs, postings, etc.), which may include Personal Information. You are responsible for all actions resulting from any information, including Personal Information, which you post on CFA Online Services or Social Media Pages. Please remember that any information you post becomes public information, is not subject to this Privacy Policy, and Chick-fil-A is not responsible for the results of such postings.
 Collection and Use of Personal Information of Prospective Chick-fil-A Franchised Operators
If you complete an application for a franchise opportunity with Chick-fil-A, or express interest or otherwise request information about franchise opportunities, we collect Personal Information that you provide in connection with your request for information and/or to evaluate your application for a franchise restaurant business opportunity. We may also collect Personal Information about you from third parties to supplement, update, or verify your information, and/or to process your application for consideration as a Franchised Operator. Applicable law may require that you authorize a third party to share your Personal Information with us before we can acquire it. Failure to provide any requested information may negatively impact consideration of your application to become a Franchised Operator. By expressing interest in becoming and/or applying to become a Franchised Operator, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information in this manner. Collection and Use of Personal Information of Chick-fil-A, Inc. Employment Applicants
If you complete an application for employment with Chick-fil-A, Inc., or request information regarding such opportunities, we collect Personal Information that you provide in connection with your request for information and/or to evaluate your application for employment with Chick-fil-A, Inc. We may also collect Personal Information about you from third parties to supplement, update, or verify your information, and/or to process your application for consideration as a Chick-fil-A, Inc. employee. Applicable law may require that you authorize a third party to share your Personal Information with us before we can acquire it. Failure to provide any requested information may negatively impact consideration of your employment application. By applying to become an employee of Chick-fil-A, Inc. you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information in this manner. Your Choices
We provide you with the opportunity to update and/or delete certain information and to opt-out of having your Personal Information used or disclosed for certain purposes. For example, you may

correct, update, and delete your online accounts;
change your choices for subscriptions and certain communications (e.g., Email insider, Text insider, and other notifications);
choose whether to receive Promotions and offers from us;
request that we do not share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes; and/or
request access to your Personal Information.

You may exercise your choices by contacting us via the Contact Information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy, or following instructions provided in communications sent to you.
Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after expressing an opt-out preference, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation.
Please be aware that, if you do not allow us to collect and use your Personal Information, we may not be able to deliver certain products, services, Promotions, and offerings to you. Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information online from children under the age of 13 without parental or guardian consent. Please contact us via the Contact Information provided below if you believe we may have collected such information without parental or guardian consent or other than in a manner authorized by law, and we will work to delete it. Information Security
We seek to keep your Personal Information secure and implement reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help us protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. We also request that our third-party service providers use commercially reasonable security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or use. However, no method of electronically transmitting or storing data is ever completely secure, and therefore, we cannot guarantee that your information will never be accessed, used, or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Links, Third-Party Websites, and Social Media Platforms
CFA Online Services and our communications (including e-mails) may contain links to other third-party websites, including, without limitation, the websites of Franchised Operators and Licensees, and social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, or Foursquare (such third-party websites and social media platforms are collectively referred to herein as "Linked Sites"). We are not responsible for the privacy practices, policies, or content of any Linked Sites, even if you link to them from CFA Online Services or our communications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Linked Sites. We have no control over the collection or use of information, including Personal Information, on any Linked Site. We encourage you to read and understand the privacy policies of any Linked Sites that you visit. Franchised Operator and Licensee Online Services
Chick-fil-A Franchised Operators and Licensees are independent third parties and may own, operate, and maintain a website, mobile application, social media page, or other online service for his, her, or its franchised or licensed restaurant business ("Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services"). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of any Franchised Operator or Licensee. Therefore, you should carefully review the privacy policy of each Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services that you visit. Questions or concerns regarding any Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services should be directed to the applicable Franchised Operator or Licensee.
We may, subject to certain terms and conditions, allow a Franchised Operator or Licensee to link to CFA Online Services. Chick-fil-A, however, is not responsible or liable for any Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services, even if it is linked to this Site, or for any Franchised Operator's or Licensee's online conduct and privacy practices. E-mail Security
"Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your Personal Information. If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for your Personal Information which you suspect may be a scam, please notify us as provided in the Contact Information section included at the end of this Privacy Policy. Data Transfers
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected. The data protection and other laws of such other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By providing your information, you understand that it may be transferred to our facilities and to those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time effective upon posting the revised Privacy Policy, along with the date on which it was most recently updated, on CFA Online Services. Please check our Privacy Policy periodically to see if it has been updated. If a change to this Privacy Policy materially affects the use or disclosure of your Personal Information, a notice will be posted at www.Chick-fil-A.com along with a link to the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of CFA Online Services and/or provision of your information thereafter constitute your acceptance of such changes. Please contact us as described below if you would like information regarding any changes. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our use of your Personal Information, please contact us in any of the ways set forth below.

Address:

Chick-fil-A, Inc.
5200 Buffington Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998
Attn: Chick-fil-A CARES
Via the web:

http://www.chick-fil-a.com/Connect/Contact-Us-CARES


Phone:

1-866-CFA-2040 or 1-866-232-2040 Last Updated
Privacy Policy last updated on September 26, 2017.
Copyright © 2017 Chick-fil-A, Inc. All rights reserved.

