Terms & Conditions
Chick-fil-A, Inc. Terms and Conditions
Legal Notice: Terms and Conditions of Use 

Please Read These Terms and Conditions of Use Carefully Before Downloading, Accessing, or Using any CFA Online Services

These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms and Conditions of Use") apply to your access to, and use of, any Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("Chick-fil-A") website, mobile application, and online service or program where these Terms and Conditions of Use are posted or linked ("CFA Online Services"). These Terms and Conditions of Use are a legal and binding agreement between you and Chick-fil-A, and, as applicable, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and related entities such as CFA Properties, Inc. and CFA Servco, Inc. ("Affiliates") (Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates are referred to herein, as the context may require, as "we", "us", or "our"). These Terms of Use govern your use of the CFA Online Services, which includes the programs, offers, content, information, services, and features made available through the CFA Online Services. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use, then you should not use the CFA Online Services.
Your use of the CFA Online Services is at your risk. If you are dissatisfied with the CFA Online Services in any way, its programs, offers, contents, features, or these Terms and Conditions of Use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the CFA Online Services.



Modifications to These Terms and Conditions of Use

We reserve the right at any time to update, change, modify, or revise these Terms and Conditions of Use. Any changes will become effective upon posting to the CFA Online Services, along with the date on which it was most recently updated as indicated by the "Last Updated" section at the end of these Terms and Conditions of Use. Your continued access to or use of the CFA Online Services and its programs and offers after any such changes indicates your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Use as modified. It is your responsibility to review the Terms and Conditions of Use regularly for updates.


Use of CFA Online Services

The CFA Online Services and all content, information, and other materials featured, displayed, contained, and available on the CFA Online Services, including, but not limited to, all text, images, graphics, designs, illustrations, photographs, pictures, audio, software, and video clips, the “look and feel”, pages, screens, content arrangement, and computer programs (collectively, "Materials") are owned by or licensed to Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates and are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and/or other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws under the United States and foreign laws. Subject to your compliance with these Terms and Conditions of Use, we grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use, display, and download the CFA Online Services for noncommercial purposes only. You may view, display, copy, download, and print the Materials solely for your own personal, noncommercial use. All copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices contained on the Materials must be retained on all copies thereof. You may not, in any way, otherwise copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, create derivative works from, sell, or exploit, in whole or in part, the CFA Online Services or its Materials. Except as expressly provided herein, we do not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secret information.

You agree to abide by all additional terms, conditions, and restrictions included within the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and/or the programs, features, and services.

Chick-fil-A may at any time, for any reason, and without notice or liability: (1) modify, suspend, or terminate operation of or access to any CFA Online Service, or any portion thereof; (2) change, revise, or modify the CFA Online Services, the Materials, or any portion thereof; (3) interrupt the operation of the CFA Online Services, or any portion thereof, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or for any other purposes; (4) impose limits on certain programs, feature s, and services, or restrict your access to the CFA Online Services, in whole or in part ; and/or (5) terminate the authorization, rights, and license given above, upon which you shall immediately destroy all Materials.

User Conduct

You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to:

modify, adapt, translate, or reverse engineer any portion of the CFA Online Services or the Materials;
use the CFA Online Services or any Materials, features, or services for any unlawful, fraudulent, or malicious purposes, or to solicit any such activity;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to any accounts, features, systems, or networks through hacking, password mining, or any other means;
use the CFA Online Services or any feature in any way that could disrupt, damage, disable, overburden, or impair it or its systems, servers, or networks;
frame or mirror any portion or feature of the CFA Online Services;
use the CFA Online Services or any feature for advertisements, chain letters, spamming, junk mail, solicitations, or any other commercial purposes;
use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider”, or other automatic device, program, algorithm, or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to: (1) access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the CFA Online Services or the Materials; (2) reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the CFA Online Services or the Materials; (3) obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents, or information through any means not purposely made available through the CFA Online Services;
use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the CFA Online Services or with any other person’s use or enjoyment of the CFA Online Services;
transmit any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, cancel-bots, corrupted files, or other items of a destructive nature;
circumvent or attempt to circumvent any security or authentication measures implemented by or on behalf of Chick-fil-A;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers;
post, transmit, submit, or include any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable content, material, or information of any kind, or any content, material, or information that may give rise to criminal or civil liability;
submit or post any false or misleading information; and/or
violate, infringe, or misappropriate the intellectual property, publicity, privacy, or other proprietary rights of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, or any other person or entity.

We reserve the right to prohibit access, use, conduct, communications, or content that we, in our sole discretion, deem to be harmful to the CFA Online Services, the Materials, users, us, our brand, or any other person or entity, or that violates these Terms and Conditions of Use and/or applicable law.

Submissions

Except for any personally identifiable information we may collect from you under the guidelines established in our Privacy Policy, any materials, remarks, suggestions, ideas, photos, stories and/or other information you communicate or submit to us through CFA Online Services (including, without limitation, "Share Your Chick-fil-A Story"), via phone, or otherwise ("Submissions") will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing a Submission to us, you expressly grant us an unrestricted, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable (i.e., fully assignable and sub-licensable), worldwide, royalty-free license to disclose, copy, reproduce, display, publicly perform, transmit, distribute, translate, reformat, incorporate, and otherwise use your Submission along with your name, photograph, voice, likeness and other information, content, or materials embodied therein, in whole or in part, and create derivative works therefrom, in any media now known or hereafter developed, and for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes without compensation to you or anyone else. You also permit any user to access, display, view, store, and reproduce, for personal use only, your Submission as posted by us.

We may, but shall not be obligated to, in our sole discretion, post any Submission on the CFA Online Services and identify you as the submitting party. We may, without notice to you, refuse or edit Submissions for any reason or no reason, including those Submissions that violate these Terms and Conditions of Use, are irrelevant or inappropriate, or represent us in a negative way or in any manner not consistent with our brand and/or reputation, as determined by us in our sole discretion.

You agree that any statements that you make about us or any of our products, services, or programs in any Submission that you make accurately reflect your personal beliefs and experiences with us and our products and services, and that any opinions submitted are true to the best of your knowledge.

You are fully responsible for your Submissions. You agree that your Submissions comply in all respects with these Terms and Conditions of Use and shall not be made on behalf of any person or entity without their prior written consent. You may not include any content (e.g., text, photos, images, quotes, logos, etc.) that is the property of another (e.g., protected by copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights), unless you have express, written permission to do so.

Programs and Promotions

Any programs, offers, sweepstakes, contests, raffles, surveys or other similar promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the CFA Online Services may be governed by rules and/or terms that are additional to these Terms and Conditions of Use. By participating in any such Promotion, you will become subject to any such additional Promotions terms. Chick-fil-A urges you to read the applicable Promotions terms, which are either included herein or linked from the particular Promotion, and to review our Privacy Policy which, in addition to these Terms and Conditions of Use, governs any information you submit in connection with any such Promotions.

Chick-fil-A One Mobile App

In order to use CFA Online Services made available through the Chick-fil-A One Mobile Application (“the App”) you must have a compatible mobile device; Chick-fil-A does not warrant that the App will be compatible with your mobile device.   

If you access the App using an Apple iOS or Android powered device, Apple Inc. or Google, Inc., and their subsidiaries, respectively, shall be a third-party beneficiary to this contract and you agree that these third-party beneficiaries have the right to enforce these Terms of Use against you.  However, these third-party beneficiaries are not a party to these Terms and Conditions of Use and are not responsible for the provision or support of the App.  You agree that your access to the Mobile App also shall be subject to the usage terms set forth in the applicable third-party beneficiary’s terms of service.  

The App may automatically download and install updates from time to time or require the downloading and installation of updates or new versions for continued use.  You acknowledge that in some instances updates and/or new versions may reduce or remove features and functionality in prior versions of the App.

Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card

The Chick-fil-A Mobile App (the “App”) allows you to load funds onto a Chick-fil-A Digital Gift Card for use at participating Chick-fil-A locations.  To load funds to your Chick-fil-A Digital Gift Card, sign into your Chick-fil-A One Account on the App, then open your card and enter a dollar amount and payment method (credit card, Apply Pay, etc.).  The dollar value that you load onto your Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card with the Chick-fil-A One app is a prepayment redeemable solely for the goods and services of participating restaurants. We offer the Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card to make it more convenient for you to eat with us. We have no liability for any temporary inability to access funds loaded to a Chick-fil-A Digital Gift Card for any reason, including but not limited to connectivity failures, problems with your mobile phone or other device, temporary issues with our service providers, or any other reason.  Unless otherwise required by law or permitted by these Terms and Conditions, the dollar value on your Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card is nonrefundable and may not be redeemed for cash nor via a credit back to a credit card, including the credit card from which such funds were originally loaded.  However, upon request, unused balances on a Digital Gift Card accessible via the App may be transferred to a physical Chick-fil-A gift card that you may use to make future purchases of Chick-fil-A goods and services or provide to a donee of your choice.  

Chick-fil-A One Offers Program

The Chick-fil-A One Offers program is operated by Chick-fil-A and subject to the following additional terms and conditions (the “One Offers Terms”). 
Eligibility.  Chick-fil-A One Offers (“Offers”) are limited to persons residing in the United States who are eligible to use the CFA Online Services and who download the Chick-fil-A Mobile App (the “App”) and sign-up for a Chick-fil-A One account.  You must be at least 13 years of age to redeem Offers in the Chick-fil-A One Offers program.  Some activities may only be available to those who are at least 18 years or age.  Chick-fil-A One accounts are limited to one individual per account.  Offers are valid only at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants.  To signup for a Chick-fil-A One account, download the App  to your AndroidTM or iPhone® device and follow the prompts to access account sign-up and/or sign-in page in the App. You can also sign up by following the prompts at www.one.chick-fil-a.com or by creating an online account (i.e. Cow Calendar, Kids Club, etc.). (Note:  In order to receive Chick-fil-A One Offers, you must download the app and redeem using the QR Code included in the app. See below for details)  You will be required to provide the requested information, including, but not limited to, user name, password, name, and e-mail address. Chick-fil-A may periodically request additional information to help us get to know you better. You agree to provide true and accurate information and to ensure that information provided by you is up-to-date and accurate. Communications with you will be made using contact information most recently provided by you. Chick-fil-A is not responsible for your inability to receive or redeem Offers or other loss arising from your failure to provide and maintain accurate contact information. 
Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may send messages from time to time using the contact information provided by you. Such messages may include system updates, flash bulletins, Offer confirmations, administrative announcements, special requests and the like and may be sent via notifications in the App, via e-mail, regular mail, or communicated to you on a receipt or display at the time of use of an your One account. 
Your participation in any Offer is personal and non-transferable. Offer status and/or individual Offer may not be purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred. There are no membership fees associated with Chick-fil-A One Offers.  Offers made via Chick-fil-A One are purely promotional offers.  You agree that no portion of your payment for purchases qualifying for any Offer constitutes consideration paid for any Offer.
Offers.  The CFA One Offers are issued on a periodic basis. They are referred to as ‘treats’ in the App but may appear with different descriptions from time to time. Upon signing up, you will receive notice via the Chick-fil-A One account of your current Offer.  Once you activate a Chick-fil-A One account, you progress towards an Offer and are eligible to receive special offers, from time to time.  The number, type and frequency of Offers are based on a number of factors, each of which are subject to change, without notice.  Those factors may include, without limitation, volume and type of purchases at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, number of visits and frequency of visits to participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, interaction with other Chick-fil-A applications or promotions; or special offers made directly by Chick-fil-A Operators or Chick-fil-A which may include ways to progress toward your next Offer via a special promotion.   For Offers that are based on purchases, the following types of purchases at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant qualify: (1) placing and completing a Mobile order for a qualifying purchase through the App; (2) using your Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card to complete a purchase or transaction at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant; (3) logging into your Chick-fil-A One account online and making an online purchase at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant; and (4) or completing a transaction at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant and scanning the digital code linking to your Chick-fil-A One account at checkout.
You must use the App or if placing an online order, be signed in to your Chick-fil-A One account, to complete the qualifying purchase or activity in order for that purchase or activity to count towards your progress to the next qualifying Offer.  Benefits applied from any single qualifying purchase or activity may only be credited to one (1) Chick-fil-A One account.  The qualifying purchase or activity will be applied to your One account after completion of the qualifying purchase or activity. In certain cases, it may take twenty-four (24) hours or more to be credited. Chick-fil-A shall not be responsible for, or liable to, you, or any person or entity, in any way for any losses, costs or expenses incurred by a delay, error or omission in crediting a qualifying purchase or activity to your Chick-fil-A One account.
Offers are purely promotional offers and may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods.  For free drink or food Offers, some restrictions apply and items are subject to availability at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants.  All Offers must be redeemed prior to the stated expiration date for the Offer and in compliance with any other conditions associated with the particular Offer to be valid.  It is your responsibility to check your Chick-fil-A One account periodically for Offers and use the Offers prior to the stated expiration date.
Activities which allow progress towards Offers do not count towards and may not be combined with other programs.  Activities tied to specific Offers must be fully completed and will only result in one Offer, regardless of the number of times the activity is performed.  Chick-fil-A reserves the right to change, modify or update these Offers and the qualifying purchases and activities to progress to an Offer from time to time without notice. Certain purchases and transactions do not qualify, including, without limitation: (i) purchases of Chick-fil-A gift cards or gift certificates; (ii) purchases or transactions made using an Offer or other promotional item (such as a Be Our Guest card); or (iii) catering purchases made as a guest (e.g. made while not signed in to your Chick-fil-A One account), whether made in-store, online or through the App. Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to provide you with any particular number of Offer opportunities or special offers. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit enrollment at any time. 
Special Offers: Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, in their sole and absolute discretion, may periodically offer the opportunity for additional Offers on particular transactions or special offers (“Special Offers”). Special Offers may also be distributed to you via the App or via e-mail or mail from time to time (based on the information you have in your One account). Special Offers may include periodic promotional offers on food, beverages and merchandise.  You must have your App set to receive notifications and/or have opted-in to receive email communications in order to receive promotional and marketing offers. Special Offers may be customized based on your qualifying purchases and preferences. In certain events, Special Offers may require that you have location settings enabled for them to be distributed to your App. Please note that Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may be unable to send these Special Offers to you if you have turned off your notifications or location settings in the App; if you have elected not to receive email communications from Chick-fil-A; or if you have poor network connectivity.  Special Offers may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. Special Offers are personal to you and cannot be shared, copied or transferred. You may be required to present your Chick-fil-A One account information at the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant in order to redeem Special Offers. Read each offer carefully for specific details, conditions, limitations and restrictions.
Redeeming Offers.  To redeem an Offer, you must present the valid Offer in the App at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant (for in-person transactions) or be logged into your Chick-fil-A One account (for in App transactions). Offers are subject to availability and limitations as may be imposed by Chick-fil-A. Determinations regarding redemption of Offers are subject to the discretion of the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant.  Only one Offer may be redeemed per transaction. 
Once redeemed, the Offer will be indicated as redeemed in your Chick-fil-A One account. Updates to the status of Offers may take 24-48 hours or more to show up in your account. A list of current Offers and redeemed and expired Offers are available under your Chick-fil-A One account.  Offers have no cash value and are not redeemable for cash, gift certificates or gift cards.  Offers are promotional and do not constitute property of any Chick-fil-A One account holder.  Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Offers and limit the number of Offers available. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to modify the number of qualifying purchases or transactions needed to receive specific Offers.
Cancellation; Termination.  You may opt-out of Chick-fil-A One Offers at any time, for any reason by cancelling your Chick-fil-A One account by calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040).  If you cancel your One account, any unredeemed Offers and/or progress towards other Offers will automatically expire and will no longer be available for redemption. If you re-enroll at any time, you will start at the introductory Offers level as applicable.
Upon cancellation, your Chick-fil-A One account shall immediately cease and you may no longer receive Offers, redeem Offers previously received, receive Chick-fil-A One benefits, or make purchases using remaining balances on Digital Gift Card funds accessible via your Chick-fil-A One account. Chick-fil-A has no obligation to compensate you for any unredeemed Offers or benefits following cancellation, or for unused balances on Digital Gift Cards accessible via your Chick-fil-A One account. Chick-fil-A will not refund any unused balances on Digital Gift Card funds accessible through your Chick-fil-A One account (including via credit back to a credit card from which such funds may have been loaded to the Digital Gift Card), but will upon request at the time of cancellation of your Chick-fil-A One account transfer any unredeemed Digital Gift Card balances accessible through your Chick-fil-A One account to a physical Chick-fil-A gift card that you may use to make future purchases or gift to a donee of your choosing.  Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after expressing an opt-out preference, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation.
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to suspend or terminate, at Chick-fil-A’s sole and absolute discretion, any Chick-fil-A One account if Chick-fil-A believes that the account holder has abused Chick-fil-A One Offers privileges, has violated or acted inconsistently with these Chick-fil-A One Offers Terms and Conditions or applicable law or acted in a manner harmful to our interests. Chick-fil-A further reserves the right to terminate a Chick-fil-A One account that has been inactive for a period of three (3) years or more.  You understand and agree that termination by Chick-fil-A of a Chick-fil-A One account will result in in the cancellation of all Offers associated with that account and the inability to earn and/or redeem further Offers, as well  as inability to access or use any remaining balances on Digital Gift Cards accessible via your Chick-fil-A One account.  Upon termination of your Chick-fil-A One account, Chick-fil-A will not refund any unused balances on Digital Gift Card funds accessible through your Chick-fil-A One account (including via credit back to a credit card from which such funds may have been loaded to the Digital Gift Card), but will upon request at the time of termination of your Chick-fil-A One account transfer any unredeemed Digital Gift Card balances accessible through your Chick-fil-A One account to a physical Chick-fil-A gift card that you may use to make future purchases or gift to a donee of your choosing.
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to terminate Chick-fil-A One Offers Program, or any or all benefits under Chick-fil-A One Offers, at any time, for any reason. In the event Chick-fil-A elects to terminate Chick-fil-A One Offers, Chick-fil-A will provide a notice of termination in accordance with these Terms, as they may be modified or amended from time to time. In the event of such termination, at Chick-fil-A’s election, Chick-fil-A may allow you to redeem any outstanding valid and unexpired Offers at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant until expiration of such Offers. ANY UNREDEEMED AND UNEXPIRED OFFERS SHALL BE CANCELLED AT THE LATER OF (1) THE EXPIRATION OF THE THEN-CURRENT OFFERS OR (2) NINETY (90) DAYS AFTER CHICK-FIL-A ONE OFFERS PROGRAM TERMINATION.  
General Restrictions.  Chick-fil-A shall be the sole arbiter in cases of suspected abuse, fraud, or violation of its One Offers Terms and Conditions and any decision it makes relating to termination or disabling of Chick-fil-A One your Chick-fil-A One account or of the overall Chick-fil-A Offers Program (including, but not limited to, cancellation of specific Offers) shall be final and binding.  Should you object to any of these One Offers Terms and Conditions, or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with Chick-fil-A One Offers, your sole remedy is to discontinue participation in Chick-fil-A One Offers programs and properly cancel your account in the manner provided above. 

Copyright Infringement Notification

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. Copyright Law. If you believe in good faith that Materials available on the CFA Online Services infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) should send us a notice requesting that we remove the Material or block access to it. If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly submitted a notice to us under this paragraph, then you should send us a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See http://www.copyright.gov/ for details.

If you believe that your work has been improperly copied and posted on the CFA Online Services, then please provide us with the following information: (1) name, address, telephone number, email address, and an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on his or her behalf; (2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (3) the applicable CFA Online Service and a description of where the Material that you claim is infringing is located within such CFA Online Service; (4) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. These requirements must be followed to give us legally sufficient notice of infringement.

Notices and counter-notices should be sent to:

Chick-fil-A, Inc.
ATTN: Marketing - DMCA Manager
dmca@chick-fil-a.com
5200 Buffington Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30349
404-765-8000
DMCA details are available at http://www.copyright.gov/onlinesp/.

We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Please be aware that there may be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.


Login and Registration

Certain programs, offers, features, or services offered on or through the CFA Online Services may require you to complete a registration process and/or setup an account or login. In connection therewith, you agree to (1) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, and (2) maintain and promptly update your information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you hold for your login, including your password. You agree to notify Chick-fil-A immediately of any unauthorized use of your login, or any other breach of security. You may be held liable for losses incurred by Chick-fil-A or any other CFA Online Service user or visitor due to someone else using your login as a result of your failing to keep your login information secure and confidential.

You may not use anyone else’s login at any time without their express written permission. Chick-fil-A shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.


Mobile Apps

In order to use CFA Online Services made available through a mobile application ("Mobile App") you must have a compatible mobile device; Chick-fil-A does not warrant that the Mobile App will be compatible with your mobile device.

If you access the Mobile App using an Apple iOS or Android powered device, Apple Inc. or Google, Inc., and their subsidiaries, respectively, shall be a third-party beneficiary to this contract and you agree that these third-party beneficiaries have the right to enforce these Terms of Use against you. However, these third-party beneficiaries are not a party to these Terms and Conditions of Use and are not responsible for the provision or support of the Mobile App. You agree that your access to the Mobile App also shall be subject to the usage terms set forth in the applicable third-party beneficiary’s terms of service.

The Mobile App may automatically download and install updates from time to time or require the downloading and installation of updates or new versions for continued use. You acknowledge that in some instances updates and/or new versions may reduce or remove features and functionality in prior versions of the Mobile App.

Links To Third Party Sites and Social Media Pages

The CFA Online Services may contain links to other third-party websites, including the franchised operators of Chick-fil-A Restaurant businesses ("Operators"), and social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, or Foursquare (all links to third-party websites and social medial platforms are collectively referred to herein as "Linked Sites"). Linked Sites are provided only for your convenience. If you decide to visit any Linked Site, you do so at your own risk. Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates have no responsibility or liability for any Linked Sites, or the content, policies, or actions thereof. If you choose to purchase any product or service from a Linked Site (including, without limitation, from an Operator Linked Site), your relationship is with that third party. You agree that we are not responsible for the quality of third-party products or services, or fulfilling any of the terms of your agreement with the seller, including, but not limited to, the delivery of products and services and warranty obligations related to products and services. Links do not imply that we sponsor, endorse, are affiliated with or associated with, or are legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, service mark, design, logo, symbol, or other copyrighted materials displayed on or accessible through such Linked Site.

Privacy

Chick-fil-A's Privacy Policy applies to use of the CFA Online Services and programs, offers, and promotions, and its terms are made a part of these Terms and Conditions of Use by this reference. By accessing and using the CFA Online Services you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy.

Trademark Information and Ownership of Intellectual Property

Chick-fil-A® and Eat Mor Chikin® are registered trademarks and service marks of CFA Properties, Inc. ("CFA Properties") in the United States and other countries. Chick-fil-A is a licensee of Chick-fil-A Properties. The absence of a trademark notice or legend indicating the registration or ownership by CFA Properties anywhere in the text of the CFA Online Services does not constitute a waiver of CFA Properties’ trademark or other intellectual property rights concerning that trademark or service mark used or referenced on the CFA Online Services.

The CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the trademarks, logos, service marks, and all other source identifying indicia displayed on the CFA Online Services (collectively, the "Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property") are owned by or licensed to CFA Properties, Chick-fil-A, or others with all rights reserved unless otherwise noted. We do not permit third parties to use Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property in any manner, including advertising, as an endorsement for any product or service, in association with contests or promotions, or for any other purpose, commercial or otherwise, without our prior express written permission.

Nothing contained on the CFA Online Services should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property without our prior express written permission. You are strictly prohibited from using any Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions of Use. You are also advised that CFA Properties and/or its licensee(s) will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including seeking criminal prosecution.

Electronic Communications

When you visit the CFA Online Services or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the CFA Online Services. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You further agree that any notices provided by us electronically are deemed to be given and received on the date we transmit any such electronic communication as described in these Terms and Conditions of Use.

No Warranties

Chick-fil-A makes no representations or warranties regarding the CFA Online Services and the Materials.

WE DO NO WARRANT THAT THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES OR THE MATERIALS WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED.

WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE USE OF THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES OR THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES, OR THE RESULTS OBTAINED THEREFROM, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.

THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES AND THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS, AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, PARTNERS, SPONSORS, LICENSORS, LICENSEES, OR THE LIKE (“PROVIDERS”) IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES AND THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES.

Limitations of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR ANY OF OUR PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES (LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF INFORMATION, PROGRAMS, OR DATA) RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES AND THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, its Providers, and its and their officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), and expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from: (1) your breach of these Terms and Conditions of Use; and/or (2) your activities in connection with the CFA Online Services, and the Materials, programs, offers, features, and services made available through the CFA Online Services.

International Users and Choice of Law

The CFA Online Services are controlled, operated, and administered by us and our service providers from offices within the United States of America. We make no representation that Materials on the CFA Online Services are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use the CFA Online Services or export the Materials in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access the CFA Online Services from locations outside of the United States of America, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. These Terms and Conditions of Use and our Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, U.S.A., without regard to conflict of laws provisions or principles.

No Agency Relationship

Neither these Terms and Conditions of Use, nor any Materials, programs, offers, features, or services of the CFA Online Services, create any partnership, joint venture, employment, or other agency relationship between Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, and you. You may not enter into any contract on our behalf or bind us in any way.

Violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use and Remedies

You agree that Chick-fil-A may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, block and/or terminate your access to any or all of the CFA Online Services if we determine that you have violated these Terms and Conditions of Use or other agreements or guidelines that may be associated therewith. You also agree that any violation, or threatened violation, by you of these Terms and Conditions of Use constitutes an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable and unquantifiable harm to Chick-fil-A. You also agree that monetary damages would be inadequate for such harm and consent to our obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that we deem necessary or appropriate. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies we may have at law or in equity.

If Chick-fil-A takes legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use, we will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to Chick-fil-A. You agree that Chick-fil-A will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the CFA Online Services as a result of any violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

Entire Agreement, Claims Limitations, and Severability

These Terms and Conditions of Use, together with our Privacy Policy and any other applicable terms included within the CFA Online Services, and/or the Materials, programs, offers, features, and services made available through the CFA Online Services, as each is currently posted on the CFA Online Services, constitute the entire agreement between us and you with respect to your use of the CFA Online Services and the Materials, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between us and you with respect to such subject matter. Any cause of action you may have arising out of or relating in any way to the CFA Online Services must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. If, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use, our Privacy Policy, or any portion thereof to be unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to give the intended effect thereof, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy shall continue in full force and effect.

Contact Information

If you have any questions about CFA Online Services or these Terms and Conditions of Use, or to report violations of these Terms and Conditions of Use, please contact us at:

Chick-fil-A, Inc.
5200 Buffington Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30349
1-866-CFA-2040 or 1-866-232-2040
http://www.chick-fil-a.com/Connect/Contact-Us-CARES
Last Updated

Terms and Conditions of Use last updated on September 26, 2017.

Copyright © 2016 Chick-fil-A, Inc. All rights reserved.
Chick-fil-A One ™ Terms & Conditions
Chick-fil-A One ™ Terms & Conditions
Chick-fil-A One™ Membership Terms
Last Updated: July 25,2018
These terms and conditions govern the Chick-fil-A One™ Membership Program with respect to enrollments beginning August 1, 2018 or later (the “Program”).
The Chick-fil-A One™ Membership Program is operated by Chick-fil-A, Inc. (“Chick-fil-A”) and subject to the terms and conditions provided below and www.chick-fil-a.com/legal (incorporated by this reference) (collectively, the “Terms”).
Eligibility. Participation in the Program is limited to persons residing in the United States who are eligible to use CFA Online Services.  You must be at least 13 years of age to participate in the Program or to redeem Guest Offers (as defined below). Individuals under the age of majority in their jurisdiction must obtain permission from a parent or legal guardian to participate in the Program.  Certain aspects of the Program are only available to those who are at least 18 years of age. Chick-fil-A One accounts are limited to one individual per account. No business entities, organizations, or groups may register for the Program.

Program Description.  The Program is a customer loyalty program that allows Members (as defined below) to receive and redeem loyalty points (“Points”) for Rewards (as defined below) and Member Benefits (as defined below) on an individual basis for their own account.  Members may receive Points and Member Benefits based on their Member Tier (as described below) through qualifying purchases, participating in activities or events, achieving certain Program milestones, or other actions or opportunities as may be presented by Chick-fil-A from time to time.  These Terms provide a general overview of the Program.  For more information on receiving, calculating, or redeeming Points, Rewards, Member Tiers and Member Benefits, features and experiences, please visit the Chick-fil-A One™ Program page.
There is no fee associated with the Program. Participation in the Program is personal and non-transferable. Points, Member Tiers, Rewards and Member Benefits may not be gifted, purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred, except that the Program may allow a Member to donate or gift Points and/or Rewards in certain limited instances. Points, Rewards, and Member Benefits available via the Program have no cash value, are not redeemable for cash, gift certificates or gift cards, are purely promotional and do not constitute property of any participant. No portion of any payment for purchases qualifying for the Program or any Points, Member Tier, Member Benefits, or Rewards constitute consideration paid for any of the foregoing. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Rewards and Member Benefits and limit the number of Points, Rewards, and Member Benefits available.
Joining the Program. To participate and enjoy the full benefits of the Program and be eligible for the benefits of a Member Tier, eligible individuals must enroll and become a member of the Program (“Member”). Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit participation and enrollment at any time.
How to Sign Up: To become a Member, you must have a valid Chick-fil-A One account.  Sign-up for a Chick-Fil-A One account by:

Downloading the Chick-fil-A App (“App”) to your Android™ or iPhone® device and follow the prompts to access account sign-up and/or sign-in page in the App.
Following the prompts at [www.chick-fil-a.com/One] to create an online account.
Joining through a special promotion or event offered by Chick-fil-A from time to time.

Certain select customers may be automatically enrolled as Members in the Program.  If you are automatically enrolled, you will still be required to accept these Terms in order to complete your enrollment and participate in the Program, including to receive any Points or Member Benefits, and you will be prompted to accept these Terms upon initial log-in to your Chick-fil-A One account.
Upon sign-up, you will be required to provide the requested information, including, but not limited to, name, password,  and e-mail address. Chick-fil-A may periodically request additional information to help us get to know you better. You agree to provide true and accurate information and to ensure that information provided by you is up-to-date and accurate. Communications with you will be made using contact information most recently provided by you. Chick-fil-A is not responsible for your inability to receive or redeem Points, Member Benefits, or Rewards or any other loss arising from your failure to provide and maintain accurate contact information.
Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may send messages from time to time using the contact information provided by you. Such messages may include system updates, flash bulletins, Program confirmations, administrative announcements, special requests and the like and may be sent via notifications in the App, via e-mail, regular mail, or communicated to you on a receipt or display at the time of use of an your Chick-fil-A One account.
Reward Points and Member Tiers.  The benefits available to Members through the Program are based on Member Tier level and the number of Points that you receive through participation in the Program.  Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to provide Members with any particular number of Point-earning opportunities, special offers, or to send messages to them.
Points.
Purchase Activity.  You will receive Points for qualifying purchases and transactions following enrollment as a Member in the Program based on your Member Tier level by completing one of the following purchases at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant: (1) placing and completing a Mobile order for a qualifying purchase through the App; (2) using your Digital Gift Card via in-app QR Code from the App; (3) logging into your Chick-fil-A One account online and making a qualifying purchase online; (4) scanning the digital code linking to your Chick-fil-A One account at checkout at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant; and (5) entering your Chick-fil-A One membership number and required information from your receipt from purchase at www.chick-fil-a.com/MissedTransactions within seven (7) days after the purchase date. Certain purchases and transactions do not qualify, including, without limitation: (i) purchases of Chick-fil-A gift cards or gift certificates; (ii) purchases or transactions made using Points, Rewards or other promotional item (such as a Be Our Guest card or Guest Offer (as defined below)); or (iii) catering purchases made as a guest (e.g. made while not signed in to your Chick-fil-A One account), whether made in-store, online or through the App. You will not receive Points for any amounts paid in sales, use or other transactional taxes.
Milestones, Events, Promotional Activities.  From time to time, Chick-fil-A or others acting with our permission, may offer Members opportunities to earn Points, such as by inviting you to engage in certain promotional activities, upon achieving certain Program milestones, or other actions or opportunities as may be presented.  Points for such activities or milestones will be awarded as described in the applicable offer and will be subject to any additional terms set forth with that offer.
Points are automatically tracked at the time of the qualifying purchase, transaction or activity. Points for any single qualifying purchase or activity may only be credited to one (1) Chick-fil-A One account.  Points will be credited to the Chick-fil-A One account upon consummation of the qualifying transaction or activity garnering Points. In certain cases, it may take twenty-four (24) hours or more for Points to be credited. Chick-fil-A shall not be responsible for, or liable to, any Member, person or entity, in any way for any losses, costs or expenses incurred by a delay or error in crediting Points or Member Tier benefits to a Member's Chick-fil-A One account.
Available Points totals for a Member account will be displayed in your Chick-fil-A One account in the App or online at www.chick-fil-a.com/MyProfile/Points.
Member Tiers.  Each Member will be assigned a member level status: Chick-fil-A One™, Chick-fil-A One™ Silver, or Chick-fil-A One™ Red (“Member Tier”) based on the number of Points that participant receives in his/her Chick-fil-A One member account annually, beginning on the date the Member joins the Program and ending on the annual anniversary of that date (“Rewards Year”) based on that member’s qualifying purchases and participation in other activities and opportunities during the Rewards Year.  Details regarding the Member Tiers are provided on the Chick-fil-A OneTM Program page.  Once a Member reaches a certain Member Tier status, the Member will retain that Member Tier status for the remainder of that year and the next Rewards Year. Member Tier status is determined annually and a Member must meet the requirements for a particular Member Tier status each Rewards Year or that status will not be maintained.  Points from one Rewards Year do not roll over to a subsequent Rewards Year for purposes of determining Member Tier.  Chick-fil-A reserves the right to change, modify or update the number of Points or other actions and requirements needed to earn Member Tier status and benefits.
Redeeming Rewards. To redeem Points for various available Chick-fil-A rewards (“Rewards”), you must access the Rewards section on the App or online at www.chick-fil-a.com/MyProfile/AddRewards to view Rewards available for redemption and select to redeem an available Reward.  A list of Rewards that may be available for redemption as part of the Program are available at the Chick-fil-A One™ Program page. You must have at least enough unredeemed and unexpired Points in your Chick-fil-A One account (“Available Points”) for the Reward you wish to redeem. Members must accrue a minimum of one hundred fifty (150) Available Points before the first redemption for any Reward. In any single transaction, only one Chick-fil-A One account may be used to redeem Points for Rewards. Points accrued by a Member in any purchase or transaction may only be redeemed for Rewards in a separate, subsequent purchase or transaction. Rewards provided to Members with Member Tier status have set terms and will expire in accordance with the terms stated for that Reward. Determinations regarding redemption of Points are subject to Chick-fil-A’s discretion.
Points will be subtracted from the Member's Chick-fil-A One account immediately when a Reward is requested based on the total Points for the requested Reward. Points will be restored to a Member's Chick-fil-A One account only in the event Chick-fil-A determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the Reward requested by that Member is unavailable or cannot be delivered.  Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Rewards and limit the number of Rewards available at any particular Member Tier status.
Special Member Benefits.  Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, in their sole and absolute discretion, may periodically offer the opportunity for additional Member Benefits on particular transactions or special offers (“Member Benefits”). Member Benefits may be distributed via the App, online or via e-mail or mail from time to time (based on the information you have in your Chick-fil-A One account). Member Benefits may include periodic promotional offers on food, beverages and merchandise, invitations to special events, or related benefits. You must have your App set to receive notifications and/or have opted-in to receive email communications in order to receive promotional and marketing offers in App or via e-mail. Member Benefits may be customized based on your qualifying purchases and preferences. In certain events, Member Benefits may require that you have location settings enabled for them to be distributed to your App. Please note that Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may be unable to send these Member Benefits to you if you have turned off your notifications or location settings in the App; if you have elected not to receive email communications from Chick-fil-A; or if you have poor network connectivity. Member Benefits may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. Member Benefits are personal to you and cannot be shared, copied or transferred. You may be required to present your Chick-fil-A One account information at the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant in order to redeem Member Benefits. Read each offer carefully for specific details, limitations and restrictions.
Guest Offers.  Individuals that have a Chick-fil-A One account, but do not enroll in the Program as a Member may receive offers on a periodic basis. They are referred to as ‘treats’ and ‘rewards’ but may appear with different descriptions from time to time (“Guest Offers”). In order to receive Guest Offers, eligible individuals must access their valid Chick-fil-A One account via  [www.chick-fil-a.com/one] or via the App to obtain the QR Code for the Guest Offer.  The number, type and frequency of Guest Offers are based on a number of factors, each of which is subject to change, without notice. Guest Offers are purely promotional offers, have no cash value and do not constitute property of the recipient. Guest Offers may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. Restrictions apply and items are subject to availability at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants. All Guest Offers must be redeemed prior to the stated expiration date to be valid. It is your responsibility to check your Chick-fil-A One account periodically for Guest Offers and use the Offers prior to the stated expiration date. To redeem a Guest Offer, you must present the valid Guest Offer at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant (for in-person transactions) or be logged into your Chick-fil-A One account (for in App transactions). Determinations regarding redemption of Guest Offers are subject to the discretion of the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant. Updates to the status of Guest Offers may take 24-48 hours or more to show up in your Chick-fil-A One account. A list of current Guest Offers and redeemed and expired Guest Offers are available under your Chick-fil-A One account.
Expiration of Points and Rewards; Inactive Accounts.  Unredeemed Points expire upon the termination of your Chick-fil-A One account as described below. When you redeem your Points for Rewards, your oldest Available Points are used first. If you have any questions as to when your Points will expire, please contact Chick-fil-A by calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040). Rewards and Member Benefits expire in connection with the terms provided with that Reward or Member Benefit.  Once Points expire or are used to redeem a Reward, the Points will be removed from a Member’s account.  Points will not be added back to a Member’s account if the Member does not use a Reward before it expires.
CFA reserves the right to cancel a Member’s Program registration and Chick-fil-A One account if the Member’s account remains inactive for a period of two (2) years or more. Accordingly, once you register for the Program, if you do not make a purchase or engage in an activity for which you will receive Points within your Member account within two (2) years after your initial registration or the last recorded purchase or activity for which you received Points, Chick-fil-A reserves the right to cancel your account.  You understand and agree that cancellation by Chick-fil-A of a Chick-fil-A One account or Program membership will result in the cancellation of all Points, Rewards, Member Benefits, and any progress towards a Member Tier associated with that account and the inability to earn and/or redeem further Points, Rewards, and Member Benefits, regardless of Member Tier.
Cancellation; Termination. You may opt-out of the Program at any time, for any reason by cancelling your Chick-fil-A One account by calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040). If you cancel your Chick-fil-A One account, any unredeemed Points, Rewards and Member Benefits, and/or progress towards a Member Tier will automatically be cancelled and will no longer be available for redemption. If you re-enroll at any time, you will start at the introductory Member Tier level as applicable. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to suspend or terminate, at Chick-fil-A’s sole and absolute discretion, any Chick-fil-A One account if Chick-fil-A believes that the account holder has abused Chick-fil-A One privileges, has violated or acted inconsistently with these Terms or applicable law or acted in a manner harmful to our interests.
Upon cancellation or termination for any reason, your Chick-fil-A One account shall immediately cease and you may no longer receive Points, Rewards, or Member Benefits. Chick-fil-A has no obligation to refund you for any unredeemed Points, Rewards, Member Benefits, or other benefits of the Program following cancellation. Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after expressing an opt-out preference, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation.
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to change, modify or terminate the Program, or any or all benefits under the Program or any policy pertaining to the Program, at any time, for any reason, including our right to discontinue or change the Member Tiers or change the expiration date or redemption value of Points or Rewards, merge the Program with another program or to adjust how Points or Rewards are received, calculated or redeemed.
If Chick-fil-A elects to terminate or modify in a material way the Program or any benefits or policies, Chick-fil-A will provide a notice of the material modification or termination by posting the modifications or notice of termination on the Chick-fil-A One™ Program page  and update the Last Updated date.  We may also attempt to notify you in other ways. Any modifications will become effective immediately after such posting or other such notification. We encourage you to review these Terms regularly for modifications.  In the event of such termination, at Chick-fil-A’s election, Chick-fil-A may allow you to redeem any outstanding valid and unexpired Points and Rewards at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant until expiration of such Points or Rewards. ANY UNREDEEMED AND UNEXPIRED POINTS OR REWARDS SHALL BE CANCELLED AT THE LATER OF (1) THE EXPIRATION OF THE THEN-CURRENT REWARDS OR (2) NINETY (90) DAYS AFTER PROGRAM TERMINATION.
General Restrictions. Chick-fil-A shall be the sole arbiter in cases of suspected abuse, fraud, or violation of its Terms and any decision it makes relating to termination or disabling of Program (including, but not limited to, cancellation of Points, Rewards, Member Perks and Guest Offers) shall be final and binding. Should you object to any of these Terms, or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with the Program, your sole remedy is to discontinue participation in Program and properly cancel your account in the manner provided above.
Privacy Policy
Chick-fil-A, Inc. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes the information practices of Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("Chick-fil-A") and, as applicable, its affiliates, subsidiaries and related entities such as CFA Properties, Inc. and CFA Servco, Inc. ("Affiliates"), (Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates are referred to herein, as the context may require, as "we", "us", or "our"). It covers the information that Chick-fil-A collects about you, how we use and share this information, and your choices regarding our collection and use.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via the Contact Information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
The Chick-fil-A Franchise System
The Chick-fil-A franchise system is a restaurant network made up of company-operated, franchised, and licensed Chick-fil-A restaurant businesses. Chick-fil-A franchisees ("Franchised Operators" or "Operators") own and operate their own individual franchised businesses. Chick-fil-A licensees ("Licensees") are granted a license to use Chick-fil-A's trade name and marks in the sale of Chick-fil-A products at Chick-fil-A licensed locations. Franchised Operators and Licensees are independent third parties, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of any Franchised Operator or Licensee. Please see the Franchised Operator and Licensee Online Services section below for more information regarding a Franchised Operator's or Licensee's applicable policies.
Information Covered by This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information, including Personal Information, collected about you by Chick-fil-A and its third-party service providers. As used in this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means information that personally identifies you.
Information Collected
Chick-fil-A and its third-party service providers collect information about you from a variety of sources, including information you provide directly to us, and information we collect about you when you interact with us. For example, we and our third-party service providers collect information both directly and indirectly from you when you:

access or use our websites, , mobile applications, and online services or programs to review content including videos, where this Privacy Policy is posted or linked (collectively, "CFA Online Service");
order and/or purchase any of our products or services;
contact or communicate with us;
create an account with us;
request information from us;
register for any event or program, and/or participate in any event, program, contest, surveys, or other promotion that we may offer from time to time (collectively, "Promotions");
begin or complete the application process for a franchise opportunity, or for employment by Chick-fil-A, Inc;
access or use Chick-fil-A pages or accounts on any third-party social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, or Foursquare ("Social Media Pages");
use sign-in services that allow you to use third-party login credentials to access the Chick-fil-A accounts or pages;
sign-up for communications (e.g., Email Insiders, Text Insiders, or social media notifications) from us;
provide or submit comments, stories, suggestions, or other content or input to us; 
interact with CFA Online Services via mobile, tablet or laptop device; and/or 
otherwise interact with us and CFA Online Services.

We may combine any of the information collected about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
When you link your social media account or engage with Chick-fil-A Social Media Platforms, you understand that you may be allowing us to have ongoing access to certain information stored on those social media sites (e.g., your public profile, friend list, people you follow or who follow you, your email address, birthday, work history, education history, interests, current city, website, personal description, and likes, and your friends' birthdays, education histories, personal descriptions, and likes). We may receive certain information about you which is stored on social media sites if other users of those sites give us access to their profiles and you are one of their friends or connections depending upon your settings on those third-party social networking sites. We may also receive other information (e.g., content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on, etc.) from your interaction with our Social Media Pages. The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent. The information that may be passed to analytics providers and advertising partners is via cookies and tracking technologies. By associating an account managed by a third-party with your Chick-fil-A One account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use, and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
We and our third-party service providers collect Personal Information provided by you or on your behalf, which information may include your:

name;
address;
telephone numbers (including mobile numbers);
email addresses;
date of birth and/or age;
demographic information; and/or
financial information (e.g., credit and debit card numbers).
photos; and/or
any other personal information that you share with us (e.g., via a survey or otherwise).

We do not require you to provide any information related to your racial origin, religious beliefs, or sexual orientation.
When you use the fingerprint login features on your Apple or Android devices, we do not receive your fingerprint data. Your mobile phone's authentication mechanism helps us verify that it is you.
Transaction Data
We and our third-party service providers may also collect information, including Personal Information, relating to your purchases from Chick-fil-A and its Franchised Operators and Licensees, such as the authorization code of the transaction, payment method, the date and time of the transaction, items purchased, and the purchase price ("Transaction Data").
Information Collected Automatically
We and our third-party service providers use Traffic Data, Cookies, Web Beacons, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect certain information from you when you use CFA Online Services. The following are examples of information we may collect with these technologies:

your IP address, browser type, and operating system;
your device attributes including but not limited to device ID and other information for probabilistic and/or deterministic fingerprinting  to create device graphs; 
pages you view within CFA Online Services (including videos viewed);
websites you visited before coming to CFA Online Services;
emails from us that you open and/or forward; and/or
offers or links from us to which you connect.

We use this information to personalize your online experience and for marketing purposes.
Traffic Data. CFA Online Services automatically track and collect your IP address, domain server, type of computer, and type of web browser (collectively, "Traffic Data") for our marketing purposes and to manage and improve CFA Online Services.
Cookies. We also use cookies, which are small text files that are stored on a user's computer and allow websites to remember information about users ("Cookies"). We use Cookies to monitor how CFA Online Services are used, for marketing purposes, and to help personalize and improve CFA Online Services. Most browsers automatically accept Cookies. You have the choice to set your browser to accept or reject Cookies. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your Cookie preferences. You can also learn more about Cookies at the following websites:

For Microsoft Internet Explorer: http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspx;
For Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/products/firefox/protect-your-privacy/cookies;
For Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677; and/or http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677

If you choose to decline Cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our CFA Online Services or programs, features, and services made available through any of CFA Online Services.
Web Beacons. Certain pages on CFA Online Services and Social Media Pages may contain web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, and clear GIFs), which are small bits of code embedded in pages or images on CFA Online Services and Social Media Pages ("Web Beacons"). We may also include Web Beacons in e-mails we send to you to learn if messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. You can disable the ability of Web Beacons to capture such information. Please refer to the "Help" menu of your browser to learn more about Web Beacons and your ability to disable them.
Other Technologies. We and our third-party service providers may also utilize other tracking technologies. For example, if permitted by applicable law, we may collect "referrers" and various environmental variables. A "referrer" is information the web browser passes along to our or our third-party service provider web servers, which refers to the URL from which you accessed CFA Online Services. Environmental variables may include, among other things, the domain from which you access the Internet, the time you accessed CFA Online Services or Social Media Pages, the type of web browsers and operating system or platform used, the Internet address of the website you left to visit CFA Online Services or Social Media Pages, the names of the web pages you visit, and the Internet address of the website you visit next. These environmental variables are collected by most websites. We use these technologies for marketing purposes and to optimize user's experience with CFA Online Services.
We treat information automatically collected as non-personally identifying information. Such information may be combined with your Personal Information so that we can improve and customize CFA Online Services and our communications and Promotions. To the extent that information automatically collected is combined with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

You may encounter tracking technologies/cookies from our third party service providers, that we have allowed on our CFA Online services.  We do not control the tracking technologies used by third party providers as detailed in Section 20.

We may target and track the videos you view on CFA Online Services. You consent to our tracking of your video viewing through the CFA Online Services or third party social media for up to two years or as permitted by applicable law or until you withdraw consent.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), on certain CFA Online Services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you visit CFA Online Services, what pages you visit within CFA Online Services, and what other sites you visited prior to coming to the applicable CFA Online Service. We use the information provided by Google Analytics to improve CFA Online Services. For more information regarding how Google collects, uses and shares your information please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Google provides users more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics by developing an Opt-out Browser Add-on which can be located at: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. By installing this Add-on, no information is being sent to Google Analytics.
California's Do Not Track Notice
At this time, there is no worldwide uniform or consistent industry standard or definition for responding to, processing, or communicating Do Not Track signals. Thus, CFA Online Services are unable to respond to Do Not Track Signals. We do not, however, currently track your Personal Information over time and across third-party websites.
Chick-fil-A does not allow third parties to collect Personal Information about your online activities when you use CFA Online Services for such third party use. We do use third party web analytics services on CFA Online Services, such as Google Analytics, to help us obtain and analyze information about your browsing or usage habits but this information does not include Personal Information other than your IP address.
Mobile Applications
In addition to the information described above, we and our third-party service providers may collect additional information when you utilize any of our mobile applications, including the type of mobile device you use, the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers (sometimes called UDID), the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile applications.
If you utilize any of the location-based services in our mobile applications, such as Find a Restaurant, we and our third-party service providers may collect, use, and share location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device. We use such information to provide and improve location-based products and services. You may opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device.
Information Use
We use your information that we collect, including Personal Information, for a variety of business purposes, including:

providing our products and services to you;
processing payments;
communicating with you regarding our restaurants, products, services, events, Promotions, other offers;
tailoring our products, services, Promotions, communications, and CFA Online Services, and advertisements to your interests;
creating and managing your accounts with us (e.g., E-mail Insiders, Text Insiders, online registration for events, online ordering, mobile payments, etc.);
administering our Promotions and other offers;
responding to your inquiries, comments, stories, or postings;
improving and customizing our products, services, Promotions, and CFA Online Services;
for internal operations such as enhancing our product and service offerings, marketing efforts, and to conduct research and analysis;
developing new products, services, and Promotions;
for marketing purposes; to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, and potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
to enforce our Terms of Use; and/or
to protect the security and integrity of our business and CFA Online Services.

Information Sharing and Disclosure
We share and disclose your Personal Information under the following circumstances:

with third parties that provide a variety of services on our behalf, including the development, maintenance, and support of CFA Online Services and Social Media Pages, payment processing, online and mobile application ordering, the distribution of email and mobile messages, Promotions, ad serving, marketing, and marketing research and analysis;
within Chick-fil-A and with its Affiliates (as such terms are defined above in this Privacy Policy);
with our Franchised Operators and Licensees in order to provide our products, services, and Promotions to you, and for marketing purposes;
to comply with law, a court order, or other legal process, or in connection with a legal investigation;
as may be necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, Franchised Operators and Licensees, and our and their respective employees, customers, visitors, users, or any other person or entity;
to enforce any applicable terms and conditions and other agreements;
in the event of a corporate transaction;
in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable form; and/or
in accordance with your consent.

We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties for their marketing purposes.
User Generated Content
CFA Online Services and Social Media Pages may allow users to post messages and submit their own content (e.g., stories, comments, blogs, postings, etc.), which may include Personal Information. You are responsible for all actions resulting from any information, including Personal Information, which you post on CFA Online Services or Social Media Pages. Please remember that any information you post becomes public information, is not subject to this Privacy Policy, and Chick-fil-A is not responsible for the results of such postings.

Collection and Use of Personal Information of Prospective Chick-fil-A Franchised Operators
If you complete an application for a franchise opportunity with Chick-fil-A, or express interest or otherwise request information about franchise opportunities, we collect Personal Information that you provide in connection with your request for information and/or to evaluate your application for a franchise restaurant business opportunity. We may also collect Personal Information about you from third parties to supplement, update, or verify your information, and/or to process your application for consideration as a Franchised Operator. Applicable law may require that you authorize a third party to share your Personal Information with us before we can acquire it. Failure to provide any requested information may negatively impact consideration of your application to become a Franchised Operator. By expressing interest in becoming and/or applying to become a Franchised Operator, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information in this manner.
Collection and Use of Personal Information of Chick-fil-A, Inc. Employment Applicants
If you complete an application for employment with Chick-fil-A, Inc., or request information regarding such opportunities, we collect Personal Information that you provide in connection with your request for information and/or to evaluate your application for employment with Chick-fil-A, Inc. We may also collect Personal Information about you from third parties to supplement, update, or verify your information, and/or to process your application for consideration as a Chick-fil-A, Inc. employee. Applicable law may require that you authorize a third party to share your Personal Information with us before we can acquire it. Failure to provide any requested information may negatively impact consideration of your employment application. By applying to become an employee of Chick-fil-A, Inc. you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information in this manner.
Your Choices
We provide you with the opportunity to update and/or delete certain information and to opt-out of having your Personal Information used or disclosed for certain purposes. For example, you may

correct, update, and delete your online accounts;
change your choices for subscriptions and certain communications (e.g., Email insider, Text insider, and other notifications);
choose whether to receive Promotions and offers from us;
request that we do not share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes; and/or
request access to your Personal Information.

You may exercise your choices by contacting us via the Contact Information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy, or following instructions provided in communications sent to you.
Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after expressing an opt-out preference, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation.
Please be aware that, if you do not allow us to collect and use your Personal Information, we may not be able to deliver certain products, services, Promotions, and offerings to you.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information online from children under the age of 13 without parental or guardian consent. Please contact us via the Contact Information provided below if you believe we may have collected such information without parental or guardian consent or other than in a manner authorized by law, and we will work to delete it.
Information Security
We seek to keep your Personal Information secure and implement reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help us protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. We also request that our third-party service providers use commercially reasonable security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or use. However, no method of electronically transmitting or storing data is ever completely secure, and therefore, we cannot guarantee that your information will never be accessed, used, or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
Links, Third-Party Websites, and Social Media Platforms
CFA Online Services and our communications (including e-mails) may contain links to other third-party websites, including, without limitation, the websites of Franchised Operators and Licensees, and social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, or Foursquare (such third-party websites and social media platforms are collectively referred to herein as "Linked Sites"). We are not responsible for the privacy practices, policies, or content of any Linked Sites, even if you link to them from CFA Online Services or our communications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Linked Sites. We have no control over the collection or use of information, including Personal Information, on any Linked Site. We encourage you to read and understand the privacy policies of any Linked Sites that you visit.
Franchised Operator and Licensee Online Services
Chick-fil-A Franchised Operators and Licensees are independent third parties and may own, operate, and maintain a website, mobile application, social media page, or other online service for his, her, or its franchised or licensed restaurant business ("Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services"). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of any Franchised Operator or Licensee. Therefore, you should carefully review the privacy policy of each Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services that you visit. Questions or concerns regarding any Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services should be directed to the applicable Franchised Operator or Licensee.
We may, subject to certain terms and conditions, allow a Franchised Operator or Licensee to link to CFA Online Services. Chick-fil-A, however, is not responsible or liable for any Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services, even if it is linked to this Site, or for any Franchised Operator's or Licensee's online conduct and privacy practices.
E-mail Security
"Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your Personal Information. If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for your Personal Information which you suspect may be a scam, please notify us as provided in the Contact Information section included at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Data Transfers
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected. The data protection and other laws of such other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By providing your information, you understand that it may be transferred to our facilities and to those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time effective upon posting the revised Privacy Policy, along with the date on which it was most recently updated, on CFA Online Services. Please check our Privacy Policy periodically to see if it has been updated. If a change to this Privacy Policy materially affects the use or disclosure of your Personal Information, a notice will be posted at www.Chick-fil-A.com along with a link to the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of CFA Online Services and/or provision of your information thereafter constitute your acceptance of such changes. Please contact us as described below if you would like information regarding any changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our use of your Personal Information, please contact us in any of the ways set forth below.

Address:

Chick-fil-A, Inc.
5200 Buffington Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998
Attn: Chick-fil-A CARES
Via the web:

http://www.chick-fil-a.com/Connect/Contact-Us-CARES
Phone:

1-866-CFA-2040 or 1-866-232-2040
Last Updated
Privacy Policy last updated on September 26, 2017.
Copyright © 2017 Chick-fil-A, Inc. All rights reserved.
Franchise Legal
The Chick-fil-A Franchise System
Franchise Legal Notices
The information contained in this website is not intended as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, a franchise. It is for information purposes only. As explained below, any offer to sell a franchise by Chick-fil-A, Inc. (“Chick-fil-A”) will be made only after individuals have completed a Chick-fil-A Operator application and qualified to receive a Franchise Disclosure Document. Other qualifications will apply in determining whether you will be offered a Chick-fil-A franchise.

Through this website, you can submit to Chick-fil-A an Expression of Interest form for a Chick-fil-A franchise opportunity. If you submit an Expression of Interest form, Chick-fil-A will not be obligated to offer you a franchise opportunity. Rather, Chick-fil-A will review and evaluate the information you submit in your Expression of Interest to determine if you meet Chick-fil-A’s preliminary criteria for Operator candidate consideration. If we decide that you meet our preliminary criteria for Operator candidate consideration, you may be given the opportunity to fill out a Chick-fil-A Operator Application. If you are invited to fill out an Operator Application, Chick-fil-A will send you an invitation electronically, which will include information that will allow you to access and submit the Operator Application on-line. Upon receipt of a completed Operator Application, Chick-fil-A reviews the applicant’s candidacy further and determines what next steps are appropriate (i.e., continuation of the selection process or discontinuation of consideration). For those individuals who qualify, an offer to sell a franchise will only be made in conjunction with the delivery of a Chick-fil-A Franchise Disclosure Document.

There are approximately 22 countries and 15 U.S. states that regulate the offer and sale of franchises. These countries are Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada (provinces of Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, New Brunswick, Ontario, and Prince Edward Island), China, France, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Macau, Malaysia, Mexico, Romania, Russia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, Tunisia, the United States of America, and Vietnam. The U.S. states are California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. If you are a resident of one of these states or countries, are receiving this message in one of these states or countries, or intend to operate a franchise in any of these states or countries, we will not offer you a franchise unless and until we have complied with any applicable pre-sale registration and/or disclosure requirements in the applicable jurisdiction.
Supply Chain
California Supply Chains Act
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 Disclosure
Chick-fil-A, Inc. (“CFA”) is committed to legal compliance and ethical conduct for itself and expects the same of its vendors. Thus, CFA’s policy is to only do business with vendors who have certified to CFA that their business practices are lawful, ethical and in compliance with the principles set forth in CFA’s Vendor Code of Conduct, and CFA expects its vendors to take steps to ensure the same of their own supply chains. Specifically, CFA will not conduct business with vendors employing persons under the age of 14, or in/under prison, indentured or bonded labor, or slave labor; benefitting from human trafficking; using corporal punishment or other forms of mental and physical coercion as a form of discipline; or providing or supplying goods or services tainted by any of the foregoing practices.

In accordance with the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, CFA makes the following disclosures:

CFA requires its vendors to certify that their business practices are lawful, ethical and in compliance with the principles set forth in CFA’s Vendor Code of Conduct (including those provisions relating to human trafficking and slavery), and that they take steps to ensure the same of their own supply chains. To ensure accountability, CFA reserves the right to terminate its business relationship with any vendor who fails to provide such certifications or whose business practices, or the business practices of its own suppliers and subcontractors, are not lawful, ethical and in compliance with the principles set forth in CFA’s Vendor Code of Conduct. CFA also reserves the right to terminate its business relationship with vendors who fail to provide written confirmation to CFA that they have a program in place to monitor their suppliers and subcontractors for compliance with law, good ethics, and the principles set forth in CFA’s Vendor Code of Conduct. CFA reserves the right to conduct verification and audits (including third-party verification and audits) of its suppliers regarding human trafficking and slavery. CFA has conducted general audits of certain of its suppliers, and has not observed violations with respect to human trafficking or slavery issues. CFA is currently considering whether and how to best use third-party supply chain verification and independent unannounced audits with its suppliers. CFA provides company employees and management who have direct responsibility for supply chain management with training on CFA’s business practices, vendor requirements, and CFA’s Vendor Code of Conduct, including those provisions relating to mitigating risks of human trafficking and slavery. Employees and management failing to meet CFA standards regarding slavery and trafficking are subject to disciplinary action.
Chick-fil-A® First 100® 24-Hour Campout Giveaway Official Rules
Chick-fil-A® First 100® 24-Hour Campout Giveaway Official Rules
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. PURCHASE WILL NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.
A. INTRODUCTION

Definitions: All capitalized terms used in these Official Rules shall have the meaning ascribed to them in Section E entitled “Definitions” at the end of these Official Rules. 
Eligibility: The Giveaway is open and offered only to legal United States residents with a valid government issued photo ID who are 18 years of age or older, and the age of majority in their states of residence if the age of majority is greater than 18, as of the first day of the Giveaway Period. Released Parties, as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings, children, step-parents, step-siblings, and step-children, regardless of where they live) and same household members of Released Parties (whether or not related), are not eligible to participate in the Giveaway. Please see http://www.chick-fil-a.com/Locations/Openings for specific residency and/or eligibility restrictions. For example, participation in any specific Giveaway may be limited to residents of a certain geographical area.

B. DRAWING RULES

Drawing Period: The Drawing will be conducted upon the conclusion of the Drawing Period. DO NOT ARRIVE BEFORE THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE DRAWINGPERIOD. Arriving at the Restaurant before the Drawing Period begins does not improve odds of winning.  The actual time of Drawing Period may be modified at any time in the sole discretion of Sponsor. Please see https://www.chick-fil-a.com/Locations/Openings to confirm the applicable start and end times of the Drawing Period.
How to Enter: Arrive at the Restaurant during the Drawing Period and comply with the entry instructions provided at the Restaurant and/or located at http://www.chick-fil-a.com/Locations/Openings. If, at the end of the Drawing Period there are 100 or less Individuals present, qualified and prepared to participate in the Giveaway, Sponsor will check ID, and each eligible Individual who completes and signs the Giveaway’s Release and Waiver will become a Participant in the Restaurant’s First 100 Giveaway.  In such case, Sponsor shall award Numbers on a first come basis thereafter until all 100 Participants and 10 Alternates are selected. If possible, all Numbers will be awarded.
Drawing: If, during the Drawing Period, more than 100 Individuals are present, qualified and prepared to participate in the Giveaway, Sponsor will check ID, and each eligible Individual will be given one (1) Ticket and entered in the Drawing. No unofficial sign-up sheets or lists will be honored. Eligible Individuals must be present during the entire Drawing Period and must be present to win. Sponsor will randomly draw 100 Tickets. Each Individual holding a matching drawn Ticket will win a Number and be provided with a General Release and Waiver. Each such Individual who completes and signs the Giveaway’s Release and Waiver will become a Participant in the Restaurant’s First 100 Giveaway. After 100 Tickets are drawn, Sponsor will randomly draw an additional 10 Tickets. Each Individual holding those matching drawn Tickets will win an “Alternate” Number and be provided with a General Release and Waiver. Each eligible Individual who completes and signs the Giveaway’s Release and Waiver will become an Alternate, numbered 1-10 based on the order drawn, in the Restaurant’s First 100 Giveaway. Limit one (1) Ticket per Individual. Submission of multiple Ticket entries by or on behalf of the same Individual will result in ineligibility with respect to all entries submitted by or for an Individual. Tickets or Numbers may not be sold, traded, transferred, assigned or auctioned.
Odds: Odds of being selected as a Participant or Alternate depend on the number of eligible entrants who enter the Giveaway.

C. CONTEST RULES


Participant, Alternate and Guest Participation in Giveaway. Participants and Alternates must remain at the Sponsor-designated area at the Restaurant during the entire Giveaway Period to receive a Prize. Exceptions are made for short bathroom breaks and/or to comply with any applicable legal requirement, or otherwise in the sole discretion of Sponsor. Each Participant and Alternate will be given a wristband with his or her Number written on it. The wristband must be worn at all times during the Giveaway Period. During the Giveaway Period, if any Participant is disqualified or leaves the Restaurant, for any reason, an Alternate will take the former Participant’s place and become a Participant, starting with Alternate Number 1 and continuing as needed to Alternate Number 10.
Participants and Alternates may have up to 5 Guests remain at the Restaurant during the Giveaway Period, provided that they sign the Release and Waiver, comply with Sponsor’s instructions while at the Restaurant and do not create a decorum or safety issue. Guests must be 5 years of age or older as of the first day of the Giveaway Period. Minors may remain at the Restaurant so long as they are accompanied by a parent or guardian at all times and so long as the parent or guardian signs a Release and Waiver on their behalf. Guests will receive a wristband which has the Number of their associated Participant or Alternate. The wristbands must be worn at all times during the Giveaway Period. Pets and animals (except service animals) shall not be permitted at the Restaurant during the Giveaway Period. No illegal drugs or alcohol are permitted at the Restaurant at any time. Anyone under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs will be disqualified from the Giveaway and be required to leave the Restaurant immediately. Sponsor may restrict or prohibit the possession of certain other items at any Restaurant in its sole discretion. Please see https://www.chick-fil-a.com/Locations/Openings for a list of restricted and prohibited items (which is subject to change or modification at any time in sponsor’s sole discretion) and any other applicable rules and guidelines related to the Giveaway.
The purpose of this promotion is to camp out overnight at the Restaurant and to participate in pre-Grand Opening events. Sponsor shall have no obligation to provide shelter, clothing, food, drink or any other item to any Participant, Alternate or Guest. The foregoing items are the sole responsibility of the Participants, Alternates and Guests. Participants, Alternates and Guests must dress appropriately for changing weather conditions. Sponsor, or its agents, may conduct random checks of Participants, Alternates and Guests during the Giveaway Period to confirm adherence to these Official Rules. If a Participant, Alternate or Guest is found to have violated any Official Rules, including without limitation, leaving the designated area at the Restaurant, Participant or Alternate may, in Sponsor’s sole discretion, be disqualified from receiving a Prize. Participants, Alternates and Guests agree to abide by all safety and decorum conditions established by Sponsor and may be immediately removed from the Restaurant at the Sponsor’s sole discretion, for failure to comply with said conditions, or for any reason in Sponsor’s sole discretion.


Prizes: Subject to complying with these Official Rules, all Participants and Alternates will win a Prize.
Up to 100 Grand Prizes will be awarded depending on the number of Participants remaining at the end of the Giveaway Period. ARV of each Grand Prize is approximately $250.00; however, ARV may vary based on geographical region.

    Up to 10 Alternate Prizes will be awarded depending on the number of Alternates remaining at the end of the Giveaway Period. ARV of each Alternate Prize is approximately $20.00; however, ARV may vary based on geographical region.

    Prizes have no cash value and may not be sold, offered for sale, assigned, transferred, offered for transfer, photocopied, duplicated, or redeemed or exchanged for cash, except by Sponsor, in its sole and absolute discretion, which reserves the right to substitute Prizes with a prize of comparable or greater value if underlying food products become unavailable for any reason. With regard to the Coupon portion of any Prize, please note the following: there is a limit of one Coupon per transaction; you must present and surrender Coupon to get the offer; Coupons are good only in the U.S.; Coupons are void where restricted, prohibited or taxed; Coupons not transferable, including via electronic means; no copies (electronic or print), facsimiles or photographs accepted; Coupons are void if reproduced, copied, altered, transferred, purchased or sold; Internet distribution of Coupons is strictly prohibited; Coupons may not be combined with any other promotion or offer; no cash refunds are given for Coupons; Coupons may not be accepted at some Chick-fil-A restaurants, including, but not limited to, Chick-fil-A Express or Chick-fil-A licensed locations such as airports, college campuses, office complexes and hospitals; any other use of Coupons constitutes fraud; and Coupon redemption is subject to review and verification. Each Participant and Alternate is solely responsible for any applicable taxes and unspecified expenses associated with a Prize. In the event that the Giveaway is cancelled or preempted for any reason, including weather, no rain checks, exchanges, substitution or cash replacement value of a Prize will be provided.

    Sponsor, in its sole discretion, may award de minimus value prizes during the Giveaway Period to Participants, Alternates or Guests. These prizes shall not affect the award of Grand Prizes or Alternate Prizes.

    Sponsor reserves the right to, in its sole and absolute discretion, not award a Prize to any Participant or Alternate. Sponsor is not responsible for any Prizes that are lost, stolen or misplaced.


How to Claim Prize: Subject to complying with these Official Rules, all Participants and Alternates will receive a Prize from Sponsor at or about the end of the Giveaway Period. Each compliant Participant will receive one (1) Grand Prize. Each compliant Alternate will receive one (1) Alternate Prize.
    


D. RULES COMMON TO BOTH DRAWING AND CONTEST

Verification: All Individuals are subject to verification of eligibility at any time prior to being given a Ticket for the Drawing, prior to becoming a Participant or Alternate, or prior to being awarded a Prize. Tickets, Numbers and/or Prizes are null and void and will be rejected if not obtained from Sponsor, including (among other means) purchasing Tickets, Numbers or Prizes online or through live auctions. If any part of a Ticket, Number or Prize is counterfeited, or if any part is illegible, mutilated, or tampered with in any way, the Ticket, Number or Prize will be rejected and deemed void and invalid.
Publicity: Except where and as may be prohibited by law, participation in the Giveaway and acceptance of a Number or a Prize constitutes express permission by Participating Parties for Sponsor, and those acting pursuant to the authority of Sponsor, to use such Participating Parties’ name, photograph, image, likeness, voice, opinions, hometown, and/or state for advertising, trade, promotion, and publicity purposes in all forms of media now known or hereafter discovered or devised, worldwide in perpetuity, without further notice, review or approval, or compensation.  If you do not agree to these terms, you should not participate in the Giveaway.
General Conditions: All federal, state, and local laws and regulations apply.  Neither Sponsor nor any other Released Party is responsible for lost, late, incomplete, stolen, misdirected, illegible, or incomplete entries, or for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by Participating Parties, tampering, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Giveaway, and neither Sponsor nor any Released Party assumes responsibility for any error, omission, defect, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to the materials related to the Giveaway. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any Participating Party found to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Giveaway, to be acting in violation of these Official Rules, or to be acting illegally or in a non-sportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any other person. In such event(s), Sponsor reserves the right (in addition to disqualification of such Participating Party) to seek damages from any such Participating Party to the fullest extent permitted by law. If, for any reason, the Giveaway is not capable of running as planned by reason of, but not limited to, tampering, unauthorized intervention, actions by persons, weather, acts of God, fraud, or any other causes which, Sponsor, in its sole opinion, deems could corrupt or affect the administration, safety, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of the Giveaway, or the Giveaway is otherwise not capable of running as planned, Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify, or suspend the Giveaway. If the Giveaway or any portion of the Giveaway is terminated before the end of the Giveaway Period, Sponsor may, in its sole discretion, elect to award Prizes to all Participants and Alternates.  In the event that a Prize cannot be awarded for any reason, or if a Participant or Alternate is not capable of redeeming the Prize for any reason, Sponsor shall not be obligated to award any such Prize, and Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, whether or not to substitute a Prize (or portion of Prize) with a prize of comparable or greater value or cash value. If, for any reason, more than the stated number of Prizes are available and/or claimed, Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to award more than the stated number of Prizes. An Individual is not a Winner, Participant or Alternate until he or she has fully complied with these Official Rules. A Prize is not exchangeable for cash, merchandise, or services except as stated on the Coupon. No groups, clubs, newsletters, or organizations may reproduce or distribute any portion of these Official Rules to their members, and anyone who participates in the Giveaway through means not permitted by these Official Rules is subject to disqualification.
Release: By participating in this Giveaway, the Participating Parties agree to release, indemnify, and hold harmless the Released Parties from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, harm, damage, cost, or expense of any kind to any person(s), including, without limitation, property damage, personal injury, and/or death, arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, use, and/or misuse of a Prize, participation in this Giveaway or any Giveaway-related activity, being present at the Restaurant for the Giveaway, and for any claims based on publicity rights, defamation, or invasion of privacy.
Limitation of Liability: Except where prohibited, the Participating Parties agree that: (1) any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or in connection with this Giveaway, or any Prize awarded, or the determination of a Winner, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; (2) any and all claims, judgments, and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, but in no event attorneys’ fees; and (3) under no circumstances will the Participating Parties be permitted to obtain awards for, and the Participating Parties hereby waive any and all rights to claim punitive, incidental, consequential, and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and Participating Parties hereby waive any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased.
Agreement to Official Rules: By participating in the Giveaway, each Participating Party fully and unconditionally agrees to and accepts these Official Rules and the decisions of Sponsor (including but not limited to Sponsor’s employee(s) handling Prize awards), which are final and binding in all matters relating to the Giveaway.  By participating in the Giveaway, each Participating Party waives any right to claim ambiguity in these Official Rules. The failure or delay by Sponsor in enforcing any particular clause, provision, or aspect of these Official Rules shall not impact the validity, enforceability, or effect of such clause, provision or aspect, or any other clause, provision, or aspect of these Official Rules.
Choice of Law: All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the Participating Parties and/or Sponsor in connection with the Giveaway, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Georgia without regard to conflicts of law/choice of law doctrine of Georgia or any other jurisdiction, and all proceedings shall exclusively take place in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, or Georgia State Court located in Atlanta, Georgia.  The Participating Parties agree to the jurisdiction of such courts and waive any right to change of venue or any like right.
Official Rules: Official Rules for this Giveaway are available by visiting:
    http://www.chick-fil-a.com/Locations/First-100-Rules. Copies are also made available at the Restaurant conducting the promotion.
Disclosure of Winners: For a disclosure of Winners for the Giveaway, mail the request which identifies the Restaurant along with a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt within 3 months of the end of the applicable Giveaway Period to: Chick fil A, Inc., Chick-fil-A First 100 Winners, ATTN:  Annette Braddock, 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349

E. DEFINITIONS


Alternate Prize: Gift pack containing items in Sponsor’s sole discretion, which may include  items such as a plush cow, a mug, a book or free Chick-fil-A food products for 1 month, consisting of 4 Coupons.
Alternate: The 10 eligible Individuals who are selected to receive an “Alternate” Number after the first 100 Participants have been chosen, and who are invited to remain at the Restaurant during the Giveaway Period and participate in the Contest.
ARV: Approximate Retail Value.
Chick-fil-A Sandwich Meal: Collectively, a Chick-fil-A® Chicken Sandwich, medium Waffle Potato FriesTM and a medium drink.
Contest: The portion of the Giveaway conducted during the Giveaway Period for which Participants and Alternates remain at the Restaurant.
Coupon: A coupon valid for one Chick-fil-A Sandwich Meal redeemable at participating Chick fil A Restaurants.
Drawing: The random drawing held to determine the Winners of the 100 Participants, and if applicable, the 10 Alternates.  
Drawing Period: Subject to modification by Sponsor, the period beginning at 5:30 a.m. Local Time on the Wednesday before the Thursday of grand opening of the Restaurant, and ending on or about 6:00 a.m. Local Time on said Wednesday upon the awarding of the Numbers.
Giveaway: Collectively, the Drawing and the Contest portions of the Chick-fil-A First 100 Giveaway.
Giveaway Period: The period beginning at the end of the Drawing Period and ending at the grand opening of the Restaurant, on or about 6:00 a.m. Local Time Thursday, which time is subject to modification by Sponsor in its sole discretion.
Grand Prize: Free Chick-fil-A food products for 1 year, consisting of 52 Coupons.
Guests: Friends or relatives of Participants and Alternates permitted to remain at the Restaurant during the Giveaway Period.
Individual: Any person who comes to the Restaurant to take part in the Giveaway.
Local Time: The local time at the Restaurant.
Number: The numbered wrist band awarded to an Individual to permit participation in the Contest as either a Participant or an Alternate.
Participant: The first 100 eligible Individuals who are selected to receive a Number and who are then invited to remain at the Restaurant during the Giveaway Period and participate in the Contest.
Participating Party or Participating Parties: Collectively, the Individuals, Winners, Participants, Alternates and Guests.
Prize: Collectively, the Grand Prize and Alternate Prize.
Release and Waiver: The Waiver, Release and Covenant Not to Sue Relating to Participation in the Chick-fil-A First 100® Giveaway.
Released Parties: Sponsor and each employee, officer, director, agent and representative of Sponsor and CFA Properties, Inc., and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, franchised operators, all of their respective advertising, promotion, or fulfillment agencies, promotional partners, and all other companies, entities or individuals associated with the development, administration, implementation, or handling of the Giveaway.
Restaurant: The Chick-fil-A Restaurant that will be hosting the grand opening, including the building, parking lot, landscape areas and all other portions of the Restaurant property.
Sponsor: Collectively, Chick fil-A, Inc., the Chick-fil-A franchised operator hosting the Restaurant grand opening, and their designees.
Ticket: Sponsor’s numbered ticket used to enter the Drawing.
Winner: Collectively, the Participants and the Alternates.
    

© 2010-17 Chick-fil-A, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.  Printed in U.S.A.
Revised 8-13-13
Chick-fil-A® First 100® 12-Hour Campout Giveaway Official Rules
Chick-fil-A® First 100® 12-Hour Campout Giveaway Official Rules
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT IS NECESSARY TO PARTICIPATE OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT WILL NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED AND OUTSIDE THE DESIGNATED ZIP CODE AREA. 
 
FOR SPECIFIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE FIRST 100® 12-HOUR CAMPOUT AT YOUR NEW LOCAL RESTAURANT, PLEASE VISIT https://thechickenwire.chick-fil-a.com/News/Future-Openings (THE “GIVEAWAY WEBSITE”) AND THEN CLICK ON THE SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION FOR THE RESTAURANT CONDUCTING THE GIVEAWAY.
 
1.         Sponsor:  The Chick-fil-A® First 100® 12-Hour Campout (“Giveaway”) is sponsored collectively by Chick‑fil-A, Inc., the Chick-fil-A franchised operator hosting the grand opening of the restaurant listed at the Giveaway Website (“Restaurant”), and their designees (collectively, the “Sponsor”). The name of the franchised Restaurant operator is available at the Giveaway Website.  
 
2.         Giveaway Period:  The Giveaway consists of two phases, the Entry Period and the Campout Period (each defined below). The Giveaway will start at the beginning of the Entry Period (which will be at 6:00 p.m. local time at the Restaurant the day before the Restaurant opening, unless otherwise indicated at on the Giveaway Website) and terminate at the end of the Campout Period (the “Giveaway Period”). The Giveaway Period will span approximately twelve (12) consecutive hours during which participants must remain on the Restaurant property in the Restaurant parking lot, landscape area, or other locations as designated by Sponsor and Sponsor’s representatives (“Campout Area”). 
 
3.         Eligibility:  The Giveaway is open and offered only to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia with a valid government-issued photo ID who, as of the date of entry, (a) are the age of majority in their respective state/jurisdiction of permanent residence, and in no event younger than 18 years of age, and (b) reside in the general vicinity of the Restaurant and in one of the zip code areas listed at the Giveaway Website (together, the “Eligibility Area”). If your government-issued photo ID does not reflect your current zip code, please visit the Giveaway Website to see a list of documents that may be provided as alternative evidence that you live in the Eligibility Area. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency with any other advertising, promotional or other materials, these Official Rules shall govern. Employees, officers, directors, and representatives of Sponsor, CFA Properties, Inc., Dwarf House Group, LLC and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, operators, franchisees, advertising, promotion, or fulfillment agencies, promotional partners, and entities involved in the development, implementation, or handling of the Giveaway and other persons associated with the Giveaway (collectively, the “Giveaway Entities”), as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings, children, step-parents, step-siblings, and step-children, regardless of where they live) and same household members of any Giveaway Entity (whether or not related) are not eligible to participate in the Giveaway. Only individuals meeting all eligibility requirements set forth in these Official Rules who are selected and register in accordance with the procedures below may participate in the Giveaway or win a Prize (defined below). 
 
4.         How to Participate:  One hundred (100) of the first eligible individuals who visit the Restaurant during the Entry Period will be selected, along with ten (10) Alternates (defined below) (individually, a “Participant” and collectively, the “Participants”), to participate in the campout activities in accordance with the Drawing Rules indicated below. Each individual selected in the Drawing must sign required documentation prior to being confirmed as a Participant. If a Participant leaves the Campout Area during the Giveaway Period without Sponsor’s written, express authorization, or if Participant is not onsite at Sponsor’s Restaurant at the specified time(s), he or she will be disqualified, and an Alternate will take his/her place to win.  
 
 
DRAWING RULES
 
1.         Entry Period: The Entry Period will start at 6:00 p.m. local time at the Restaurant the day before the Restaurant opening, unless otherwise indicated at the Giveaway Website (“Entry Period Start Time”), and end at 5:00 a.m. the following morning or when 100 Participants and 10 Alternates are selected, whichever occurs first (“Entry Period”). DO NOT ARRIVE MORE THAN THIRTY (30) MINUTES BEFORE THE ENTRY PERIOD STARTS. Arriving at the Restaurant more than thirty (30) minutes before the Entry Period starts does not improve odds of winning and may result in disqualification, at Sponsor’s sole discretion. The actual time of the Entry Period may be modified at any time in the sole discretion of Sponsor. 
 
2.         How to Enter:  Arrive at the Restaurant at the Entry Period Start Time or up to thirty (30) minutes prior to the Entry Period Start Time and comply with any additional entry instructions provided by Sponsor’s representatives at the Restaurant, which shall be consistent with these Official Rules and the information provided at the Giveaway Website. Sponsor will check ID to confirm eligibility. As noted above, if your government ID does not reflect your current zip code, please visit the Giveaway Website to see a list of documents that will provide acceptable verification of your current residence.  
 
If there are more than 100 individuals present at the Entry Period Start Time who are eligible and prepared to participate in the Giveaway, each eligible individual will be given one (1) ticket with a unique code (“Ticket”) and entered in a drawing, which will take place shortly after the Tickets are distributed (“Drawing”). Individuals who arrive after Tickets have been distributed will not be eligible to participate in the Drawing. No unofficial sign-up sheets or lists will be honored. Eligible individuals must be present during the entire Entry Period and during the Drawing to be offered a Ticket and a chance to be selected to participate. Sponsor will randomly draw 100 Tickets. Each eligible individual holding a Ticket that has the same code as one of the Tickets drawn will win a Number (“Number”) and be provided with the Giveaway release and waiver (“Release and Waiver”). Each such eligible individual who completes and signs the Release and Waiver will become a Participant. After 100 Tickets are drawn, Sponsor will then randomly draw up to ten (10) additional Tickets as “Alternates.” Each eligible individual holding a Ticket that has the same code as one of the Alternate Tickets drawn will win a Number and be provided with the Release and Waiver. Each eligible individual who completes and signs the Release and Waiver will become an Alternate, numbered 1-10 based on the order drawn, in the Giveaway (“Alternate”). Limit one (1) Ticket per eligible individual. Tickets must be submitted by the individual. Submission of multiple Tickets by or on behalf of the same individual will result in ineligibility with respect to all entries submitted by or for that individual. Tickets and/or Numbers may not be sold, traded, transferred, assigned or auctioned. Sponsor reserves the right to verify the eligibility of Participants and Alternates. 
 
Participants and Alternates must provide all required information and consents on the Release and Waiver, including without limitation first and last name, to be eligible to participate in the Giveaway. Participation in the Giveaway constitutes individual’s full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules and to Sponsor’s decisions, which are final and binding on all matters related to the Giveaway. Only individuals meeting all eligibility requirements set forth in these Official Rules may participate in the Giveaway or win a Prize.
 
If there are 100 or fewer individuals present at the Entry Period Start Time who are eligible and prepared to participate in the Giveaway, Sponsor will check ID to confirm eligibility, and each eligible individual who completes and signs the Release and Waiver will become a Participant in the Giveaway. If there are fewer than 100 individuals present at the Entry Period Start Time, Sponsor shall award all Numbers on a first-come, first-served basis until all 100 Participants are selected or until the end of the Entry Period. If possible, all Numbers will be awarded until 100 Participants and 10 Alternates are selected. No additional Participants or Alternates will be permitted to enter and participate in the Giveaway after the conclusion of the Entry Period. 
 
3.         Odds:  Odds of being selected as a Participant or Alternate depend on the number of eligible individuals that enter the Drawing.
 
CAMPOUT RULES
 
1.         Campout Period:  The Campout Period will begin for each Participant as soon as that individual: (a) has been selected as a Participant or Alternate; and (b) has completed the registration process. The Campout Period will conclude at 6:00 a.m. local time at the Restaurant on the day after the Entry Period began (unless otherwise indicated on the Giveaway Website), which is subject to modification by Sponsor in its sole discretion (“Campout Period”). 
 
2.         Participant, Alternate and Guest Participation in Giveaway:  The one hundred (100) Participants and ten (10) Alternates selected during the Drawing Period must remain within the Campout Area during the entire Campout Period in order to be eligible to receive a Prize. Exceptions are made for short bathroom breaks and/or to comply with any applicable legal requirement, or otherwise in the sole discretion of Sponsor. Each Participant and Alternate will be given a wristband with his or her Number written on it. The wristband must be worn at all times during the Campout Period. If a Participant or Alternate leaves the Sponsor-designated area during the Campout Period and/or fails to comply with these Official Rules, he or she will be disqualified. In the event that a Participant is disqualified for any reason, an Alternate will take the former Participant’s place and become a Participant, starting with Alternate Number One (1) and continuing as needed to Alternate Number Ten (10). In the event that an Alternate is disqualified for any reason, the next Alternate in line will take the former Alternate’s place and Number. 
 
Participants and Alternates may be accompanied by up to five (5) guests (each, a “Guest”), unless otherwise indicated on the Giveaway Website, provided that each Guest (a) signs a Release and Waiver, (b) complies with Sponsor’s instructions during the Giveaway, and (c) does not create a decorum or safety issue, in Sponsor’s sole discretion. Minors may participate as Guests provided that:  (a) the minor is at least five (5) years of age or older as of the start of the Entry Period, (b) is accompanied by a parent or legal guardian at all times, and (c) the minor’s parent or legal guardian signs a Release and Waiver on the minor’s behalf. Guests will receive a wristband bearing the Number of their associated Participant or Alternate. The wristbands must be worn at all times during the Campout Period. Pets and animals (except service animals) shall not be permitted at the Restaurant during the Giveaway Period. No illegal drugs or alcohol are permitted at the Restaurant at any time. Anyone under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs will be disqualified from participation in the Giveaway and will be required to leave the Restaurant immediately. Sponsor may restrict or prohibit the possession of certain other items at any Restaurant in its sole discretion. Please see Giveaway Website for a list of restricted and prohibited items (which is subject to change or modification at any time in Sponsor’s sole discretion) and any other applicable rules and guidelines related to the Giveaway.      
 
The purpose of this promotion is to publicize and promote participation in pre-Grand Opening events. Sponsor shall have no obligation to provide shelter, clothing, food, drink, or any other item to any Participant, Alternate, or Guest (collectively, “Participating Parties”, and each, a “Participating Party”). The foregoing items are the sole responsibility of the Participating Party. Participating Parties must dress appropriately for changing weather conditions. Sponsor, or its representatives, may conduct random checks of Participating Parties during the Giveaway Period to confirm adherence to these Official Rules. If a Participating Party is found to have violated any Official Rules, such Participating Party (or, if such Participating Party is a Guest, the Participant or Alternate who invited the Guest) may, in Sponsor’s sole discretion, be disqualified from receiving a Prize. Participating Parties agree to abide by all safety and decorum conditions established by Sponsor and may be immediately removed from the Campout Area at the Sponsor’s sole discretion for failure to comply with such conditions and/or these Official Rules, or for any other reason in Sponsor’s sole discretion.
 
 
 
GENERAL GIVEAWAY RULES AND INFORMATION
 
1.         Disclosure Requirements:  By participating in this Giveaway, Participant and Alternate acknowledge and agree that they will clearly and conspicuously disclose their participation in this Giveaway in any online social sharing interaction that references the Giveaway. At a minimum, the hashtag, “#CFAFirst100CampoutGiveaway” or “#CFAGiveaway” should be prominently included in all social media communications sent or posted that relate to the Giveaway or any Prize. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any Participant or Alternate who does not adequately disclose his or her participation in this Giveaway while engaging in any online social sharing interaction during the Giveaway Period. 
 
2.         Prizes:  Subject to complying with these Official Rules, including but not limited to remaining in the Campout Area during the Giveaway, all Participants and Alternates will win a Prize (collectively, “Winners”). Prizes will be awarded shortly after the end of the Campout Period or at such other time as indicated on the Giveaway Website, and all Winners must be present when Prizes are awarded to win a Prize. Limit one (1) Prize per person and per household. Any and all applicable federal, state, and local taxes and all fees and expenses related to acceptance and use of the Prize not specifically stated herein are the responsibility solely of Winner.  
 
Up to 100 Grand Prizes (defined below) will be awarded to Participants, with the final number depending on the number of Participants remaining at the end of the Giveaway Period. The Grand Prize consists of free Chick-fil-A® food products for one (1) year; each Winner will receive one (1) promotional card (each, a “Promotional Card”), redeemable at participating Chick-fil-A® restaurants and valid for fifty-two (52) Chick-fil‑A® Chicken Sandwich Meals. Each meal includes one (1) Chick‑fil‑A® Chicken Sandwich, one (1) medium Waffle Potato FriesTM and one (1) medium drink. Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”) of each Grand Prize is $319.28, and the total ARV of all Grand Prizes to be awarded is $31,928.00, however, please note ARV may vary based on geographical region.
 
Up to 10 Alternate Prizes (defined below) will be awarded to Alternates, with the final number depending on the number of Alternates remaining at the end of the Giveaway Period. The Alternate Prize consists of four (4) Promotional Cards, redeemable at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, with each card being valid for one (1) Chick-fil‑A Sandwich, and Chick-fil-A branded merchandise. ARV of each Alternate Prize is between $17.76 and $23.20 depending on which Sandwich is chosen. The maximum total ARV of all Alternate Prizes to be awarded is $232.00.
 
Each Grand Prize and Alternative Prize (each, a “Prize”; collectively, “Prizes”) may not be sold, offered for sale, assigned, transferred, offered for transfer, photocopied, duplicated, or redeemed or exchanged for cash, except by Sponsor, in its sole and absolute discretion, which reserves the right to substitute Prizes with a prize of comparable or greater value, including, but not limited to, if underlying food products become unavailable for any reason. Additional terms, restrictions, and exclusions may apply to Promotional Cards; see front and back for additional terms and exclusions. With regard to the Promotional Cards portion of any Prize, please note the following:  Promotional Cards have no cash value and may not be sold, auctioned, offered for sale, assigned, transferred, offered for transfer, photocopied, duplicated, or redeemed or exchanged for cash, merchandise, or services, except by Sponsor, in its sole and absolute discretion, who reserves the right to substitute Promotional Cards with a prize of comparable or greater value if underlying food products become unavailable for any reason. In the event that the Giveaway is cancelled or preempted for any reason, including weather, no rain checks, exchanges, substitution or cash replacement value of a Prize will be provided.  
 
Sponsor, in its sole discretion, may award de minimis value premiums during the Giveaway Period to Participating Parties. These premiums shall not affect the award of Grand Prizes or Alternate Prizes. Guests will not be awarded any Grand Prize or an Alternate Prize.  
 
Sponsor reserves the right to, in its sole and absolute discretion, not award a Prize to any Participant or Alternate. Sponsor is not responsible for and will not replace any lost or stolen Prizes or components of Prizes.
 
ALL POTENTIAL WINNERS ARE SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION BY SPONSOR, WHOSE DECISIONS ARE FINAL AND BINDING IN ALL MATTERS RELATED TO THE GIVEAWAY. A PARTICIPANT OR ALTERNATE IS NOT A WINNER OF ANY PRIZE UNLESS AND UNTIL PARTICIPANT’S OR ALTERNATE’S ELIGIBILITY HAS BEEN VERIFIED AND PARTICIPANT OR ALTERNATE HAS BEEN NOTIFIED THAT VERIFICATION IS COMPLETE.
 
3.         Publicity:  Except where and as may be prohibited by law, participation in the Giveaway and acceptance of a Number, a Ticket, or a Prize constitutes express permission by a Participant or Alternate for Sponsor, and those acting pursuant to the authority of Sponsor, to use such Participant’s or Alternate’s name, photograph, image, likeness, voice, opinions, hometown, and/or state for advertising, trade, promotion, and publicity purposes in all forms of media now known or hereafter developed, worldwide in perpetuity, without further notice, review or approval, permission, or compensation. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not participate in the Giveaway.  
 
4.         General Conditions:  Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify, extend, or suspend the Giveaway should non-authorized intervention, fraud, weather, force majeure events or other causes beyond the control of Sponsor corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, or proper conduct of the Giveaway. Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify any individual it determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, is or is attempting or intending to:  (a) tamper with any aspect of the operation of the Giveaway, (b) defraud Sponsor, (c) undermine the legitimate operation of the Giveaway by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (d) annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any other Participating Party, Giveaway Entities, or representatives of the Giveaway Entities, or (e) act in violation of these Official Rules. In such event(s), Sponsor reserves the right (in addition to disqualification of such individual) to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any provision of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision. No groups, clubs, newsletters, or organizations may reproduce or distribute any portion of these Official Rules to their members, and anyone who participates in the Giveaway through means not permitted by these Official Rules is subject to disqualification. All Promotional Cards are subject to verification and are void and will be rejected if not obtained through authorized, legitimate channels, or if any part of a Promotional Card is determined by a Chick-fil-A cashier and/or supervisory personnel to be illegible, forged, reproduced, manipulated, mutilated, counterfeited, or tampered with in any way or if the Promotional Card contains printing, typographical, mechanical, or other errors. Submission of Prize claim is the sole responsibility of Participant or Alternate. No more than the stated number of Prizes will be awarded. In the event that production, technical, mechanical, typographical, or any other reasons cause more than stated number of Prizes as set forth in these Official Rules to be available and/or claimed, Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to award only the stated number of Prizes (previously not awarded) by means of a random drawing among all legitimate and eligible Prize claims.
 
5.         RELEASE:  By participating in this Giveaway, each Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, agrees to release, indemnify, and hold harmless, the Giveaway Entities and Facebook, Inc., Instagram, Inc., Twitter, Inc. and each of their respective officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, affiliates and owner-operators (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, harm, damage, cost, or expense of any kind to any person(s), including, without limitation, property damage, personal injury, and/or death, arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, use, and/or misuse of a Prize or participation in this Giveaway or any Giveaway-related activity and for any claims based on publicity rights, defamation, or invasion of privacy. The Released Parties are not responsible for cancellations or delays, or if any Prize cannot be awarded, or if the Giveaway cannot be conducted as planned for any reason due to non-authorized intervention, fraud, weather, force majeure event, acts of war, natural disasters, terrorism events or other causes beyond their control.  
 
6.         Agreement to Official Rules:  By participating in the Giveaway, each Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, fully and unconditionally agrees to and accepts these Official Rules and the decisions of Sponsor (including but not limited to Sponsor’s employees or agents handling Prize redemption), which are final and binding in all matters relating to the Giveaway. By participating in the Giveaway, each Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, waives any right to claim ambiguity in these Official Rules.
 
7.         Limitation of Liability:  Except where prohibited, each Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, agrees that:  (a) any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Giveaway, or any Prize awarded, or the determination of the Winners, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; (b) any and all claims, judgments, and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Giveaway but in no event attorneys’ fees and in no event more than $100; and (c) under no circumstances will any Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, be permitted to obtain awards for, and Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased.  
 
8.         Choice of Law:  All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, and/or Sponsor in connection with the Giveaway, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State where the Restaurant is located without regard to conflicts of law/choice of law doctrine of that State or any other jurisdiction, and all proceedings regarding same shall take place exclusively either in a state or federal court located in or around the town where the Restaurant is located, in the State where the Restaurant is located. Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, agrees to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any right to change of venue or any like right. 
 
9.         Official Rules:  Official Rules for this Giveaway are available (a) by visiting the Giveaway Website and then clicking on the supplementary information for the Restaurant conducting the Giveaway, or (b) during the Giveaway Period, at the Restaurant conducting the Giveaway.  
 
10.       Disclosure of Winners:  For a list of Winners for the Giveaway, mail the request which identifies the Restaurant along with a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt within 3 months of the end of the Giveaway Period to:  Chick‑fil‑A, Inc., Chick-fil-A First 100 Campout Winners, ATTN: Marketing-Public Relations Department, 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349.
 
11.       THIS GIVEAWAY IS IN NO WAY SPONSORED, ENDORSED OR ADMINISTERED BY, OR ASSOCIATED WITH, FACEBOOK, INC., TWITTER, INC., OR INSTAGRAM, INC.
 
© 2019 CFA Properties, Inc. All trademarks shown are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved. 
Updated: 1/3/2019
 
Chick-fil-A® First 100® Red Carpet Rollout Giveaway Official Rules
Chick-fil-A® First 100® Red Carpet Rollout Giveaway Official Rules
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT IS NECESSARY TO PARTICIPATE OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT WILL NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED AND OUTSIDE THE DESIGNATED ZIP CODE AREA.
FOR SPECIFIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE FIRST 100® RED CARPET ROLLOUT AT YOUR NEW LOCAL RESTAURANT, PLEASE VISIT HTTPS://THECHICKENWIRE.CHICK-FIL-A.COM/NEWS/FUTURE-OPENINGS (THE “GIVEAWAY WEBSITE”) AND THEN CLICK ON THE SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION FOR THE RESTAURANT CONDUCTING THE GIVEAWAY.

Sponsor: The Chick-fil-A® First 100® Red Carpet Rollout (“Giveaway”) is sponsored collectively by (a) Chick-fil-A, Inc., (b) the Chick-fil-A franchised operator hosting the grand opening of the restaurant listed at the Giveaway Website (“Restaurant”), and (c) their designees (collectively, the “Sponsor”). 
Giveaway Period: The Giveaway takes place on the date indicated on the Giveaway Website from 5 a.m. local time to 7:00 a.m. local time at the Restaurant, unless otherwise indicated on the Giveaway Website (the “Giveaway Period”). During the entire Giveaway Period, participants must stay at the Restaurant (which shall include the red carpet, which may be located just outside the Restaurant). 
Eligibility: The Giveaway is open and offered only to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia with a valid U.S. federal or state government-issued photo ID who, as of the date of entry, (a) are at least the age of majority in each entrant’s state/jurisdiction of permanent residence, and in no event younger than 18 years of age, and (b) legally reside in the general vicinity of the Restaurant and in one of the zip code areas listed at the Giveaway Website (together, the “Eligibility Area”).If your government-issued photo ID does not reflect your current residence, please visit the Giveaway Website to see a list of documents that may be provided as alternative evidence that you live in the Eligibility Area. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency with any other advertising, promotional or other materials, these Official Rules shall govern. Employees, officers, directors, and representatives of Sponsor, Chick-fil-A, Inc., CFA Properties, Inc., Dwarf House Group, LLC and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, owners, operators, franchisees, and all of their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, operators, franchisees and all of their respective advertising, promotion, or fulfillment agencies, promotional partners, and entities involved in the development, implementation, or handling of the Giveaway and other persons associated with the Giveaway (collectively, the “Giveaway Entities”), as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings, children, step-parents, step-siblings, and step-children, regardless of where they live) and household members of any Giveaway Entity (whether or not related) are not eligible to participate in the Giveaway. Only individuals meeting all eligibility requirements set forth in these Official Rules who are selected and register in accordance with the procedures below may participate in the Giveaway or win a Prize (defined below). 
How to Enter: Arrive at the Restaurant at the start of the Giveaway Period or up to thirty (30) minutes before the start of the Giveaway Period (unless otherwise indicated at the Giveaway Website) and comply with any additional entry instructions provided by Sponsor’s representatives at the Restaurant, which shall be consistent with these Official Rules and the information provided at the Giveaway Website. DO NOT ARRIVE MORE THAN THIRTY (30) MINUTES BEFORE THE GIVEAWAY PERIOD STARTS. Arriving at the Restaurant more than thirty (30) minutes before the Giveaway Period starts does not improve odds of winning and may result in disqualification, at Sponsor’s sole discretion. The actual time of the Giveaway Period may be modified at any time in the sole discretion of Sponsor. Upon arrival, Sponsor will check ID to confirm eligibility. As noted above, if your government ID does not reflect your current zip code, please visit the Giveaway Website to see a list of documents that will provide acceptable verification of your current residence.
 
If there are more than 100 individuals present at the start of the Giveaway Period who are eligible and prepared to participate in the Giveaway, each eligible individual will be given one (1) ticket with a unique code (“Ticket”) and entered in the Drawing, which will take place shortly after the Tickets are distributed (“Drawing”). Individuals who arrive after Tickets have been distributed (which will be, approximately, the same time as the start of the Giveaway Period) will not be eligible to participate in the Drawing. No unofficial sign-up sheets or lists will be honored. Eligible individuals must be present during the entire Giveaway Period and during the Drawing to be offered a Ticket and a chance to be selected to participate. Sponsor will randomly draw 100 Tickets. Each eligible individual holding a Ticket that has the same code as one of the Tickets drawn will win a Number (“Number”) and be provided with the Giveaway Release and Waiver. Each such eligible individual who completes and signs the Giveaway Release and Waiver will become a Participant (“Participant”) and receive a wristband with his or her Number written on it, but only after Sponsor has confirmed that the information provided by each Participant in the Giveaway Release and Waiver is legible and matches the information provided by the Participant to confirm his or her eligibility to participate. The wristband must be worn at all times during the Giveaway Period. Participants must remain at the Restaurant at all times during the Giveaway Period and may not leave the red carpet during the Giveaway Period except to use the restroom inside the Restaurant. Limit one (1) Ticket per eligible individual. Tickets must be submitted by the individual. Submission of multiple Tickets by or on behalf of the same individual will result in ineligibility with respect to all entries submitted by or for that individual. Tickets and/or Numbers may not be sold, traded, transferred, assigned or auctioned. Sponsor reserves the right to verify the eligibility of Participants. 
 
Participants must provide all required information and consents on the Giveaway Release and Waiver, including without limitation first and last name, and the information must be legible and consistent with the information provided by the Participant to confirm his or her eligibility to participate, in order for Participant to be eligible to participate in the Giveaway. Participation in the Giveaway constitutes individual’s full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules and to Sponsor’s decisions, which are final and binding in all matters related to the Giveaway. Only individuals meeting all eligibility requirements set forth in these Official Rules may participate in the Giveaway or win a Prize.
 
If there are 100 or fewer individuals present at the start of the Giveaway Period who are eligible and prepared to participate in the Giveaway, Sponsor will check ID to confirm eligibility, and each eligible individual who completes and signs the Giveaway Release and Waiver will become a Participant in the Giveaway, and then Sponsor will award all Numbers on a first-come, first-served basis until all 100 Participants are selected or until the end of the Giveaway Period. If possible, all Numbers will be awarded until 100 Participants are selected. No additional Participants will be permitted to enter and participate in the Giveaway after the conclusion of the Giveaway Period. 

Odds: Odds of being selected as a Participant depend on the number of eligible individuals that enter the Drawing.
Guests: Participants may be accompanied by up to two (2) guests (each, a “Guest”), unless otherwise indicated in the Giveaway Website, provided that each Guest (a) signs the Giveaway Release and Waiver, (b) complies with Sponsor’s instructions during the Giveaway and (c) does not create a decorum or safety issue. Minors may participate as Guests provided that the child is accompanied by a parent or legal guardian at all times and that parent or legal guardian signs a Release and Waiver on the minor’s behalf. Guests will receive a wristband that has the Number of their associated Participant. Wristbands must be worn at all times during the Giveaway Period. Pets and animals (except service animals) shall not be permitted at the Restaurant during the Giveaway Period. No illegal drugs or alcohol are permitted at the Restaurant at any time. Anyone under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs will be disqualified from participation in the Giveaway and will be required to leave the Restaurant immediately. Sponsor may restrict or prohibit the possession of certain other items at the Restaurant in its sole discretion. The purpose of this promotion is to publicize and promote participation in pre-Grand Opening events. Sponsor shall have no obligation to provide shelter, clothing, food, drink or any other item to any Participant or Guest. The foregoing items are the sole responsibility of the Participants and Guests. Participants and Guests must dress appropriately for changing weather conditions. Sponsor, or its representatives, may conduct random checks of Participants and Guests during the Giveaway Period to confirm adherence to these Official Rules. If a Participant or Guest is found to have violated any Official Rules, Participant may, in Sponsor’s sole discretion, be disqualified from receiving a Prize. Participants and Guests agree to abide by all safety and decorum conditions established by Sponsor and may be immediately removed from the Restaurant at the Sponsor’s sole discretion for failure to comply with such conditions and/or these Official Rules, or for any other reason in Sponsor’s sole discretion.

GENERAL GIVEAWAY RULES AND INFORMATION

Disclosure Requirements: By participating in this Giveaway, Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she will clearly and conspicuously disclose that he or she is participating in this Giveaway in any online social sharing interaction that references the Giveaway. At a minimum, the hashtag, “#CFAFirst100RedCarpetRolloutGiveaway” or “#CFAGiveaway” should be included in all social media communications sent or posted that relate to the Giveaway or any Prize. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any Participant who does not adequately disclose his or her participation in this Giveaway while engaging in any online social sharing interaction during the Giveaway Period.
Prizes: Subject to complying with these Official Rules, all Participants will win a Prize (collectively, “Winners”). All Winners must be present at the Restaurant at the end of the Giveaway Period to win. Prizes will be awarded at the end of the Giveaway Period. Limit one (1) Prize per person. Any and all applicable federal, state, and local taxes and all fees and expenses related to acceptance and use of the Prize not specifically stated herein are the responsibility solely of Winner. Up to 100 Prizes will be awarded to Participants, with the final number depending on the number of Participants remaining at the end of the Giveaway Period. The Prize consists of free Chick-fil-A food products for one (1) year and each Winner will receive one (1) promotional card (each, a “Promotional Card” or “Prize”), redeemable at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants and valid for fifty-two (52) Chick-fil-A® Chicken Sandwich Meals. Each meal includes one (1) Chick-fil-A® Chicken Sandwich, one (1) medium Waffle Potato Fries™ and one (1) medium drink. Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”) of each Prize is $319.28; total ARV of all Prizes to be awarded: $31,928.00. Please note, however, ARV may vary based on geographical region.
Prize Restrictions: Prizes may not be sold, offered for sale, assigned, transferred, offered for transfer, photocopied, duplicated, or redeemed or exchanged for cash, except by Sponsor, in its sole and absolute discretion, which reserves the right to substitute Prize(s) with prize(s) of comparable or greater value at any time, including, but not limited to, if underlying food products become unavailable for any reason. Additional terms, restrictions, and exclusions may apply to Promotional Cards; see front and back for additional terms and exclusions. With regard to the Promotional Cards portion of any Prize, please note the Promotional Cards have no cash value and may not be sold, auctioned, offered for sale, assigned, transferred, offered for transfer, photocopied, duplicated, or redeemed or exchanged for cash, merchandise, or services, except by Sponsor, in its sole and absolute discretion. In the event that the Giveaway is cancelled or preempted for any reason, including weather, no rain checks, exchanges, substitution or cash replacement value of a Prize will be provided. Sponsor, in its sole discretion, may award de minimis value premiums during the Giveaway Period to Participants or Guests. These premiums shall not affect the award of Prizes. Guests will not be awarded any Prize. 
Sponsor reserves the right to, in its sole and absolute discretion, not award a Prize to any Participant. Sponsor is not responsible for and will not replace any lost or stolen Prizes or components of Prizes. 
ALL POTENTIAL WINNERS ARE SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION BY SPONSOR, WHOSE DECISIONS ARE FINAL AND BINDING IN ALL MATTERS RELATED TO THE GIVEAWAY. A PARTICIPANT IS NOT A WINNER OF ANY PRIZE UNLESS AND UNTIL PARTICIPANT’S ELIGIBILITY HAS BEEN VERIFIED AND PARTICIPANT HAS BEEN NOTIFIED THAT VERIFICATION IS COMPLETE. 

Publicity: Except where and as may be prohibited by law, participation in the Giveaway and acceptance of a Number, a Ticket, or a Prize constitutes express permission by Participants and each of their Guests (collectively, “Participating Parties”) for Sponsor, and those acting pursuant to the authority of Sponsor, to use such Participating Parties’ name, photograph, image, likeness, voice, opinions, hometown, and/or state for advertising, trade, promotion, and publicity purposes in all forms of media now known or hereafter developed, worldwide in perpetuity, without further notice, review or approval, permission, or compensation. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not participate in the Giveaway.
General Conditions: Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify, extend, or suspend the Giveaway should non-authorized intervention, fraud, weather, force majeure events or other causes beyond the control of Sponsor corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, or proper conduct of the Giveaway. Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify any individual it determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, is or is attempting or intending to: (a) tamper with any aspect of the operation of the Giveaway, (b) defraud Sponsor, (c) undermine the legitimate operation of the Giveaway by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (d) annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any other Participants, Guests, Giveaway Entities, or representatives of the Giveaway Entities, or (e) act in violation of these Official Rules. In such event(s), Sponsor reserves the right (in addition to disqualification of such individual) to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any provision of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision. No groups, clubs, newsletters, or organizations may reproduce or distribute any portion of these Official Rules to their members, and anyone who participates in the Giveaway through means not permitted by these Official Rules is subject to disqualification. All Promotional Cards are subject to verification and are void and will be rejected if not obtained through authorized, legitimate channels or if any part of a Promotional Card is determined by a Chick-fil-A cashier and/or supervisory personnel to be illegible, forged, reproduced, manipulated, mutilated, counterfeited, or tampered with in any way or if Promotional Cards contain printing, typographical, mechanical, or other errors. Submission of Prize claim is the sole responsibility of Participant. No more than the stated number of Prizes will be awarded. In the event that production, technical, mechanical, typographical, or any other reasons cause more than stated number of Prizes as set forth in these Official Rules to be available and/or claimed, Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to award only the stated number of Prizes (previously not awarded) by means of a random drawing among all legitimate and eligible Prize claims.
RELEASE: By participating in this Giveaway, Participant or Guest agrees to release, indemnify, and hold harmless, the Giveaway Entities and Facebook, Inc. and Instagram, Inc. and each of their respective officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, affiliates and owner-operators (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, harm, damage, cost, or expense of any kind to any person(s), including, without limitation, property damage, personal injury, and/or death, arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from participation in the Giveaway, or acceptance, possession, use, and/or misuse of a Prize or participation in this Giveaway or any Giveaway-related activity and for any claims based on publicity rights, defamation, or invasion of privacy. The Released Parties are not responsible for cancellations or delays, or if any Prize cannot be awarded, or if the Giveaway cannot be conducted as planned for any reason due to non-authorized intervention, fraud, weather, force majeure event, acts of war, natural disasters, terrorism events or other causes beyond their control.
Agreement to Official Rules: By participating in the Giveaway, each Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, fully and unconditionally agrees to and accepts these Official Rules and the decisions of Sponsor (including but not limited to Sponsor’s employees or agents handling Prize redemption), which are final and binding in all matters relating to the Giveaway. By participating in the Giveaway, each Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, waives any right to claim ambiguity in these Official Rules.
Limitation of Liability: Except where prohibited, a Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, agree that: (a) any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Giveaway, or any Prize awarded, or the determination of the Winners, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; (b) any and all claims, judgments, and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Giveaway but in no event attorneys’ fees and in no event more than $100; and (c) under no circumstances will a Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, be permitted to obtain awards for, and a Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased.
Choice of Law: All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of a Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, and/or Sponsor in connection with the Giveaway, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State where the Restaurant is located without regard to conflicts of law/choice of law doctrine of that State or any other jurisdiction, and all proceedings regarding same shall take place exclusively either in a state or federal court located in or around the town where the Restaurant is located, in the State where the Restaurant is located. A Participating Party, or their parent or legal guardian if they are a minor Guest, agrees to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any right to change of venue or any like right.
Official Rules: Official Rules for this Giveaway are available (a) by visiting the Giveaway Website and then clicking on the supplementary information for the Restaurant conducting the Giveaway, or (b) during the Giveaway Period at the Restaurant conducting the Giveaway.
Disclosure of Winners: For a list of Winners for the Giveaway, mail the request which identifies the Restaurant along with a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt within 3 months of the end of the Giveaway Period to: Chick-fil-A, Inc., Chick-fil-A First 100 Red Carpet Rollout Winners, ATTN: Marketing-Public Relations Department, 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349.
THIS GIVEAWAY IS IN NO WAY SPONSORED, ENDORSED, ADMINISTERED BY, OR ASSOCIATED WITH, FACEBOOK, INC., TWITTER, INC., OR INSTAGRAM, INC. 

 
© 2019 CFA Properties, Inc. All trademarks shown are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved. 
Updated:  2/19/2019
Chick-fil-A® First 100® Road Trip Giveaway Official Rules
Chick-fil-A® First 100® Road Trip Giveaway Official Rules
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT IS NECESSARY TO PARTICIPATE OR WIN.  A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT WILL NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.  VOID WHERE PROHIBITED AND OUTSIDE THE DESIGNATED ZIP CODE AREA. 
FOR SPECIFIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE FIRST 100® ROAD TRIP AT YOUR NEW LOCAL RESTAURANT, PLEASE VISIT HTTPS://THECHICKENWIRE.CHICK-FIL-A.COM/NEWS/FUTURE-OPENINGS (THE “GIVEAWAY WEBSITE”) AND THEN CLICK ON THE SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION FOR THE RESTAURANT CONDUCTING THE GIVEAWAY.
Sponsor: The Chick-fil-A® First 100® Road Trip (“Giveaway”) is sponsored collectively by Chick fil-A, Inc., the Chick-fil-A franchised operator hosting the grand opening of the restaurant listed at the Giveaway Website (“Restaurant”), and their designees (“Sponsor”). The name of the franchised Restaurant operator is available at the Giveaway Website.  
Giveaway Period:  The Giveaway consists of two phases, the Entry Period and the Road Trip Period, both of which are defined on the Giveaway Website. The Giveaway will start at the beginning of the Entry Period (which will be at 6:00 a.m. local time at the Restaurant unless otherwise indicated at on the Giveaway Website and terminate at the end of the Road Trip Period (the “Road Trip Period”). The Giveaway Period may span up to twelve (12) consecutive hours, and participants must be present at all times. 
Eligibility: The Giveaway is open and offered only to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia with a valid government-issued photo ID who, as of the date of entry, (a) are the age of majority in their respective state/jurisdiction of permanent residence, and in no event younger  than 18 years of age, and (b) reside in the general vicinity of the Restaurant and in one of the zip code areas  listed at  the Giveaway Website (together, the “Eligibility Area”). If your government-issued photo ID does not reflect your current zip code, please visit the Giveaway Website to see a list of documents that may be provided as alternative evidence that you live in the Eligibility Area. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency with any other advertising, promotional or other materials, these Official Rules shall govern. Employees, officers, directors, and representatives of Sponsor, CFA Properties, Inc., and any Chick fil A, Dwarf House® and Truett’s Grill® restaurants, and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, operators, franchisees and all of their respective advertising, promotion, or fulfillment agencies, promotional partners, and entities involved in the development, implementation, or handling of the Giveaway and other persons associated with the Giveaway (collectively, the “Giveaway Entities”), as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings, children, step-parents, step-siblings, and step-children, regardless of where they live) and same household members of  any Giveaway Entity (whether or not related) are not eligible to participate in the Giveaway.  Only individuals meeting all eligibility requirements set forth in these Official Rules who are selected and register in accordance with the procedures below may participate in the Giveaway or win a Prize (“Participant”).  All federal, state, and local laws and regulations apply. 
How to Participate:   One hundred (100) of the first eligible individuals who visit the Restaurant during the Giveaway Period will be selected according to the Drawing Rules, indicated below, to participate in the road trip activity (“Road Trip”). Each Road Trip Participant will receive a numbered wristband and an agenda with additional information about the activities that will comprise the Road Trip (each, an “Activity,” collectively, “Activities”). Participants will then be asked to board the official Chick-fil-A Road Trip bus (the “Bus”) and participate in the road trip by visiting each location where the Bus stops (each, an “Activity Location”). Participants will be encouraged to take part in Activities at each Activity Location, however, participation in Activities is optional.  Participant must ride the Bus for all segments of the Road Trip and return to the Restaurant with the Bus at the designated time as further detailed below, to be eligible to win a Prize; if Participant does not return to Restaurant with the Bus, he or she will be disqualified. No alternates will be selected or given an opportunity to participate in this Giveaway.   
 DRAWING RULES

Entry Period: The Entry Period will start at 6:00 a.m. local time at the Restaurant unless otherwise indicated at the Giveaway Website (“Entry Period Start Time”) and end at approximately 8:45 a.m. local time (“Entry Period End Time”) unless otherwise indicated at the Giveaway Website or when 100 Participants are selected, whichever occurs first (“Entry Period”). DO NOT ARRIVE MORE THAN THIRTY (30) MINUTES BEFORE THE ENTRY PERIOD STARTS. Arriving at the Restaurant more than thirty (30) minutes before the Entry Period starts does not improve odds of winning and may result in disqualification, at Sponsor’s sole discretion.  The actual time of the Entry Period may be modified at any time in the sole discretion of Sponsor. 

How to Enter:  Arrive at the Restaurant at the Entry Period Start Time or up to thirty (30) minutes prior to the Entry Period Start Time and comply with any additional entry instructions provided by Sponsor’s representatives at the Restaurant, which shall be consistent with these Official Rules and the information provided at the Giveaway Website.  Sponsor will check ID to confirm eligibility. As noted above, if your government ID does not reflect your current zip code, please visit the Giveaway Website to see a list of documents that will provide acceptable verification of your current residence.  

    If there are more than 100 individuals present at the Entry Period Start Time who are eligible and prepared to participate in the Giveaway, each eligible individual will be given one (1) ticket with a unique code (“Ticket”) and entered in the Drawing, which will take place shortly after the Tickets are distributed (“Drawing”).  Individuals who arrive after Tickets have been distributed will not be eligible to participate in the Drawing. No unofficial sign-up sheets or lists will be honored.  Eligible individuals must be present during the entire Entry Period and during the Drawing to be offered a Ticket and a chance to be selected to participate.  Sponsor will randomly draw 100 Tickets.  Each eligible individual holding a Ticket that has the same code as the one of the Tickets drawn will win a Number (“Number”) and be provided with the Giveaway Release and Waiver.  Each such eligible individual who completes and signs the Giveaway Release and Waiver will become a Participant in the Road Trip.  Limit one (1) Ticket per eligible individual.  Tickets must be submitted by the individual. Submission of multiple Tickets by or on behalf of the same individual will result in ineligibility with respect to all entries submitted by or for that individual.  Tickets and/or Numbers may not be sold, traded, transferred, assigned or auctioned. Sponsor reserves the right to verify the eligibility of Participants. 

    Participants must provide all required information and consents on the Giveaway Release and Waiver, including without limitation first and last name, to be eligible to participate in the Giveaway. Participation in the Giveaway constitutes individual’s full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules and to Sponsor’s decisions, which are final and binding in all matters related to the Giveaway. Only individuals meeting all eligibility requirements set forth in these Official Rules may participate in the Giveaway or win a Prize.

    If there are 100 or fewer individuals present at the Entry Period Start Time who are eligible and prepared to participate in the Giveaway, Sponsor will check ID to confirm eligibility, and each eligible individual who completes and signs the Giveaway Release and Waiver will become a Participant in the Giveaway.  If there are fewer than 100 individuals present at the Entry Period Start Time, Sponsor shall award all Numbers on a first-come, first-served basis until all 100 Participants are selected or until the Entry Period End Time, whichever occurs first.  If possible, all Numbers will be awarded until 100 Participants are selected. In any event, no additional individuals will be permitted to enter and participate in the Giveaway once the Bus departs from the Restaurant. 

Odds:  Odds of being selected as a Participant depend on the number of eligible individuals that enter the Drawing.
 ROAD TRIP RULES

Road Trip Period: The Road Trip Period will begin at the conclusion of the Entry Period or when one hundred (100) individuals have been selected as Participants, whichever is earlier, subject to the completion of the registration process.  The Road Trip Period will conclude at the time listed on the Giveaway Website, which is subject to modification by Sponsor in its sole discretion (“Road Trip Period End Time”). 

Participation in Road Trip.  Participants will be invited to board the Bus and visit certain designated locations (“Activity Locations”) to participate in a series of activities (“Activities”) described on the Giveaway Website, then return to the Restaurant on the Bus later the same day to receive a Prize.  Each Participant will be given a wristband with his or her Number written on it.  The wristband must be worn at all times during the Road Trip Period. Participation in any/all Activities is optional. Whether or not a Participant has participated in the Activities, he/she must ride the Bus for all segments of the Road Trip and return to the Restaurant with the Bus to be eligible to win a Prize.  Please note the Bus is scheduled to return to the Restaurant at or about the time listed at Giveaway Website, however the Bus may arrive at the Restaurant earlier or later due to traffic, scheduling changes, or other factors. If a Participant fails to comply with any of these Official Rules or does not return to the Restaurant with the Bus by the conclusion of the Giveaway Period, he or she will be disqualified. In the event that a Participant is disqualified for any reason, no alternates will be chosen to participate or win any Prize.  No alternates will be selected or given an opportunity to participate in this Giveaway.

    Participants must participate in the Road Trip alone and may not bring any guests with them to participate in the Road Trip. Pets and animals (except service animals) will not be permitted at any of the Activity Locations, on the Bus, or at the Restaurant during the Road Trip Period. No illegal drugs or alcohol are permitted at any of the Activity Locations or the Restaurant at any time.  Anyone under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs will be disqualified from participation in the Giveaway and will be required to immediately leave the Bus, Activity Location or Restaurant, as applicable, and Sponsor shall have no further obligations to such disqualified Participant. Sponsor and/or its agents or representatives may restrict or prohibit the possession of certain other items at any Restaurant, Activity Location or on the Bus in its sole discretion. Please see Giveaway Website for a list of restricted and prohibited items (which is subject to change or modification at any time in Sponsor’s sole discretion) and any other applicable rules and guidelines related to the Giveaway. 

    The purpose of this promotion is to publicize and promote participation in pre-Grand Opening events.  Sponsor shall have no obligation to provide shelter, clothing, food, drink or any other item to any Participant.  The foregoing items are the sole responsibility of the Participants.  Participants must dress appropriately for changing weather conditions. Sponsor, or its representatives, may conduct random checks of Participants during the Giveaway Period to confirm adherence to these Official Rules.  If a Participant is found to have violated any Official Rules, Participant may, in Sponsor’s sole discretion, be disqualified from receiving a Prize.  Participants agree to abide by all safety and decorum conditions established by Sponsor, and may be immediately removed from the Bus, Activity Location, or Restaurant, as applicable, at the Sponsor’s sole discretion for failure to comply with such conditions and/or these Official Rules, or for any other reason in Sponsor’s sole discretion.

Road Trip Activities: The one hundred (100) Participants selected during the drawing period will be provided with information about the Activities and Activity Locations. Although participation in the Activities is optional, Participants must visit each Activity Location with the group on the Bus.  In general, the Activity Locations may include places such as: a local community center, a local park, a local landmark, a local historic site and a local bookstore.  The following are Activities that may take place at the Activity Locations:  light physical fitness, meal packing for distribution in the local community, and/or purchasing or selecting a book to donate to a local school.  Activity Locations and Activities are subject to change at Sponsor’s sole discretion.
 GENERAL GIVEAWAY RULES AND INFORMATION

Disclosure Requirements: By participating in this Giveaway, Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she will clearly and conspicuously disclose that he or she is participating in this Giveaway in any online social sharing interaction that references the Giveaway. At a minimum, the hashtag, “#CFAFirst100Giveaway” or “#promotion” should be included in all social media communications sent or posted that relate to the Giveaway or any Prize. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any Participant who does not adequately disclose his or her participation in this Giveaway while engaging in any online social sharing interaction during the Giveaway Period. 

Prizes: Subject to complying with these Official Rules, including but not limited to visiting each Activity Location to complete the Giveaway, all Participants will win a Prize (collectively, “Winners”).  All Winners must be present at the Restaurant at the designated time to win.  Prizes will be awarded at the time listed on the Giveaway Website. Limit one (1) Prize per person and per household. Any and all applicable federal, state, and local taxes and all fees and expenses related to acceptance and use of the Prize not specifically stated herein are the responsibility solely of Winner.   

    Up to 100 Prizes will be awarded to Participants, with the final number depending on the number of Participants remaining at the end of the Giveaway Period. The Prize consists of free Chick-fil-A® food products for one (1) year and each Winner will receive one (1) promotional card (each, a “Promotional Card” or “Prize”), redeemable at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, and valid for fifty-two (52) Chick-fil A® Chicken Sandwich Meals. Each meal includes one (1) Chick fil A® Chicken Sandwich, one (1) medium Waffle Potato FriesTM and one (1) medium drink. Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”) of each Prize is $319.28 and total ARV of all Prizes to be awarded: $31,928.00, however, please note ARV may vary based on geographical region.

    Prizes may not be sold, offered for sale, assigned, transferred, offered for transfer, photocopied, duplicated, or redeemed or exchanged for cash, except by Sponsor, in its sole and absolute discretion, which reserves the right to substitute Prizes with a prize of comparable or greater value, including, but not limited to, if underlying food products become unavailable for any reason.  Additional terms, restrictions, and exclusions may apply to Promotional Cards; see front and back for additional terms and exclusions. With regard to the Promotional Cards portion of any Prize, please note the following Promotional Cards have no cash value and may not be sold, auctioned, offered for sale, assigned, transferred, offered for transfer, photocopied, duplicated, or redeemed or exchanged for cash, merchandise, or services, except by Sponsor, in its sole and absolute discretion, who reserves the right to substitute Promotional Cards with a prize of comparable or greater value if underlying food products become unavailable for any reason. In the event that the Giveaway is cancelled or preempted for any reason, including weather, no rain checks, exchanges, substitution or cash replacement value of a Prize will be provided.  

    Sponsor, in its sole discretion, may award de minimis value premiums during the Giveaway Period to Participants.  These premiums shall not affect the award of Prizes.  

    Sponsor reserves the right to, in its sole and absolute discretion, not award a Prize to any Participant.  Sponsor is not responsible for and will not replace any lost or stolen Prizes or components of Prizes.

    ALL POTENTIAL WINNERS ARE SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION BY SPONSOR, WHOSE DECISIONS ARE FINAL AND BINDING IN ALL MATTERS RELATED TO THE GIVEAWAY. A PARTICIPANT IS NOT A WINNER OF ANY PRIZE UNLESS AND UNTIL PARTICIPANT’S ELIGIBILITY HAS BEEN VERIFIED AND PARTICIPANT HAS BEEN NOTIFIED THAT VERIFICATION IS COMPLETE.

Publicity: Except where and as may be prohibited by law, participation in the Giveaway and acceptance of a Number, a Ticket, or a Prize constitutes express permission by Participants for Sponsor, and those acting pursuant to the authority of Sponsor, to use such Participant’s, photograph, image, likeness, voice, opinions, hometown, and/or state for advertising, trade, promotion, and publicity purposes in all forms of media now known or hereafter discovered or devised, worldwide in perpetuity, without further notice, review or approval, permission, or compensation.  If you do not agree to these terms, you should not participate in the Giveaway.  
General Conditions: Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify, extend, or suspend the Giveaway should non-authorized intervention, fraud, weather, force majeure events or other causes beyond the control of Sponsor corrupts or affects the administration, security, fairness, or proper conduct of the Giveaway.  Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify any individual it determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, is or is attempting or intending to: (a) tamper with any aspect of the operation of the Giveaway, (b) defraud Sponsor, (c) undermine the legitimate operation of the Giveaway by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (d) annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any other Participants, Giveaway Entities, or representatives of the Giveaway Entities, or (e) act in violation of these Official Rules.  In such event(s), Sponsor reserves the right (in addition to disqualification of such individual) to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any provision of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision. No groups, clubs, newsletters, or organizations may reproduce or distribute any portion of these Official Rules to their members, and anyone who participates in the Giveaway through means not permitted by these Official Rules is subject to disqualification.  All Promotional Cards are subject to verification and are void and will be rejected if not obtained through authorized, legitimate channels or if any part of Promotional Card is determined by a Chick-fil-A cashier and/or supervisory personnel to be illegible, forged, reproduced, manipulated, mutilated, counterfeited, or tampered with in any way or if Promotional Cards contain printing, typographical, mechanical, or other errors.  Submission of Prize claim is the sole responsibility of Participant.  No more than the stated number of Prizes will be awarded.  In the event that production, technical, mechanical, typographical, or any other reasons cause more than stated number of Prizes as set forth in these Official Rules to be available and/or claimed, Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to award only the stated number of Prizes (previously not awarded) by means of a random drawing among all legitimate and eligible Prize claims.
Release: By participating in this Giveaway, Participant agrees to release, indemnify, and hold harmless, the Giveaway Entities and Facebook, Inc., Instagram, Inc., Twitter, Inc. and each of their respective officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, affiliates and owner-operators (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, harm, damage, cost, or expense of any kind to any person(s), including, without limitation, property damage, personal injury, and/or death, arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from participation in the Bus tour, or acceptance, possession, use, and/or misuse of a Prize or participation in this Giveaway or any Giveaway-related activity and for any claims based on publicity rights, defamation, or invasion of privacy. The Released Parties are not responsible for cancellations or delays, or if any Prize cannot be awarded, or if the Giveaway cannot be conducted as planned for any reason due to non-authorized intervention, fraud, weather, force majeure event, acts of war, natural disasters, terrorism events or other causes beyond their control.  As noted above, individuals selected to participate in the Giveaway will also be required to sign a Waiver and Release prior to boarding the Bus.
Agreement to Official Rules: By participating in the Giveaway, each Participant fully and unconditionally agrees to and accepts these Official Rules and the decisions of Sponsor (including but not limited to Sponsor’s employees or agents handling Prize redemption), which are final and binding in all matters relating to the Giveaway.  By participating in the Giveaway, each Participant waives any right to claim ambiguity in these Official Rules.
Limitation of Liability: Except where prohibited, Participant agrees that: (1) any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Giveaway, or any Prize awarded, or the determination of the Winners, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; (2) any and all claims, judgments, and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Giveaway but in no event attorneys’ fees and in no event more than $100; and (3) under no circumstances will Participant be permitted to obtain awards for, and Participant, hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental, consequential, and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased.  
Choice of Law:  All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of Participant and/or Sponsor in connection with the Giveaway, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State where the Restaurant is located without regard to conflicts of law/choice of law doctrine of that State or any other jurisdiction, and all proceedings regarding same shall take place exclusively either in a state or federal court located in or around the town where the Restaurant is located, in the State where the Restaurant is located.  Participant agrees to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any right to change of venue or any like right. 
Official Rules: Official Rules for this Giveaway are available (a) by visiting the Giveaway Website and then clicking on the supplementary information for the Restaurant conducting the Giveaway, or (b)  during the Giveaway Period, at the Restaurant conducting the Giveaway.  
Disclosure of Winners:  For a list of Winners for the Giveaway, mail the request which identifies the Restaurant along with a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt within 3 months of the end of the Giveaway Period to: Chick fil A, Inc., Chick-fil-A First 100 Road Trip Winners, ATTN:  Annette Braddock, 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349.
THIS GIVEAWAY IS IN NO WAY SPONSORED, ENDORSED OR ADMINISTERED BY, OR ASSOCIATED WITH, FACEBOOK, INC., TWITTER, INC., OR INSTAGRAM, INC.

©2017 CFA Properties, Inc. All trademarks shown are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved. 

Updated 1/30/17
