
Security and Privacy Policy
Dubai Chamber of Commerce & industry (Dubai Chamber) is committed to meet customer satisfaction. We therefore realize our obligation to protect the privacy rights of all our customers, who are visiting our website or mobile applications.
Dubai Chamber`s Security and Privacy policy addresses Dubai Chamber`s practices related to information collection and usage of your personal information.
Information Collection and Usage
Dubai Chamber does not collect any personal information about you when you visit the website or mobile app, unless otherwise specified or you choose to provide this information to us. However, once you visit the following information is automatically collected and stored:

The IP address, from which      you access the Internet
The date and time of your      access to our website / mobile app
The pages you visited      (recorded by the text and graphics files that compose the page)

Dubai Chamber use this information solely for statistical and monitoring purposes and to help us identify which services are most or least interesting to our visitors, as well as identifying website performance.
We may use third party tools or software for conducting statistical analysis; however please note that only certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who accessed our website, or pages most visited etc are collected. Such information does not identify you individually. Dubai Chamber keeps all collected information confidential except where disclosure is enforced or required by law, or as part of requirement to protect the rights or properties of Dubai Chamber.
Security of Transactions
Dubai Chamber has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security. Please be assured that this application has security measures in place to protect the information you provide us. We use encryption methods to protect all information, which is deemed to be sensitive, or any other data that should remain secure to meet Dubai Chamber’s legal requirements.
Links to third-party websites
Dubai Chamber’s website may provide links to other web sites. However we are not responsible for the following:

Accuracy of the content of      these sites
Their mechanisms for      information collection and usage

If you connect to any other site through Dubai Chamber’s website, you need to read its Security and Privacy Policy to determine its practices related to information collection and usage.
Security and Privacy Policy Changes
Dubai Chamber reserves the right to change this Security and Privacy Policy at any time. The amended version of the Security and Privacy Policy will be always published on Dubai Chamber’s online platforms (website / mobile app).
Privacy intrusion 
If you doubt that your privacy is being compromised, do:
1. Close all tabs and windows you are browsing.
2. Change your password immediately.
3. Inform us by email customercare@dubaichamber.com or call +971-4-2280000.
Disclaimer
Dubai Chamber is not responsible for any technical, hardware or software failures of any kind; lost or unavailable network connections; incomplete, garbled or delayed transmissions. It assumes no liability for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, consequential or psychological damages as a result of visiting or using its website / mobile app or loss of services, income or welfare resulting from any virus that may infect computer equipment used to access its sites. Under no circumstances will Dubai Chamber be liable for any damages or injury that result from the use of the materials on this site and the user shall indemnify Dubai Chamber from and against all liabilities resulting from the user’s failure to observe these terms of Policy. Dubai Chamber does not warrant that information currently accessible is up-to-date

