


                                NordicBet is concerned to protect the privacy of any personal information that you may choose to provide to us ("Personal Information"). Personal Information is any information about you and may include your name and address, date of birth, payment card details and any other information you may wish to provide. NordicBet will attempt to ensure that its use of your Personal Information is compliant with data protection and privacy regulations in the countries where we operate. Accordingly, NordicBet issues this policy to inform you of our use of your Personal Information.
                                
                            



Is your Personal Information collected by our Website?


                                If you provide your name and address on the public area of this website in order to request information about our products and services, you may voluntarily provide additional Personal Information. You will be asked to provide your Personal Information in this area for the purposes of registering with NordicBet and opening an account with us.If you are already a NordicBet Client and have opened an account with us, you must use a password to enter the NordicBet Website. A "session cookie" may be used to enable you to leave and re-enter our Website without re-entering your password. Our web server will record the pages you visit within our Website.
                                
                            



How will we use your Personal Information.


                                We will process your Personal Information in accordance with applicable data protection law. NordicBet proposes to process your Personal Information for the following purposes: administering your account; maintaining our own accounts and records; monitoring website usage levels and quality of service; and informing you about products and services that you may be interested in from time to time ("the purposes"). Any recordings remain the property of NordicBet and will be used only for the purposes above.To ensure a good quality of service we may monitor any communication you have with us whether in writing or by electronic mail ("recordings"). E-mail is not encrypted to / from either the public or private areas of this website. NordicBet recommends that you do not send us Personal Information by e-mail.
                                
                            



Disclosing your Personal Information.


                                Your Personal Information may, for the purposes described above, be transferred or disclosed by us to any associated company or business partner which is well placed to process your Personal Information ("NordicBet Group") for the purposes. We and these companies may from time to time retain third parties to process your Personal Information for the purposes and such processing will be governed by a contract in the form required by law. Where required by law or regulation your personal data may also be disclosed to an applicable governmental, regulatory or enforcement authority.
                                
                            



                                By providing your Personal Information and registering with us or logging on with us when you enter the website, you freely consent to the NordicBet Group processing and disclosing your Personal Information for the purposes and otherwise in the manner set out in this Policy. If you wish to qualify, vary, modify or limit your consent in any way then please notify us using the details shown on the "Contact Us" pages of our Website.
                                
                            



                                The NordicBet Group includes all direct and indirect subsidiaries and related companies of NordicBet Limited wherever located in the world as may exist from time to time.In the event that the purposes for processing change, then we will notify you as soon as practicable and seek any additional consent that may be required.For full details about NordicBet Group members, where they operate or for a copy of your Personal Information or any other queries you may have about our data protection policy please contact NordicBet Limited. Again, our contact details are located in the "Contact Us" pages of our Website.
                                
                            


