Your Privacy is very Important to us but sometimes Privacy can be confusing. This page explains our Privacy Policy and how it affects you.Protecting YouCaasimadda.com is committed to protecting you and your family’s privacy or personal information when you are spending time on caasimadda.net. We make sure that our services to be safe so as your informations.What information do we collect?Caasimada Online collects information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.You may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address when ordering or registering on our site. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.Measuring our visitorsWe measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. However, We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect others or ours rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Do we use cookies?Yes we use Cookies. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.Behavioural AdvertisingWe allow third party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioural advertising practice visit the NAI at http://www.networkadvertising.org. To opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your ConsentBy using our website, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update our Privacy Policy modification date below. This Policy was last updated September 15, 2015Contact usIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us using caasimada@live.com.