This privacy policy sets out how Lyon & Turnbull uses and protects any information that you give Lyon & Turnbull when you use this website.
Lyon & Turnbull is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Lyon & Turnbull may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from August 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:

Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
To obtain a copy of the information we hold about you, please email info@lyonandturnbull.com

We may also collect general user tracking information related to our website use using Google Analytics (see below).  This information is collected and stored whenever a request is made for any page or image on our servers. This information can be analysed and presented in the aggregate or organized by user sessions.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We may use general tracking information (generated by Google Analytics, see below) for analysis and reporting on site activity. For example, we may want to know how long the average user spends on our site, or which pages or features get the most attention. This information is used to analyse the success of our website, i.e. to gauge the popularity of one feature or product offering over another, or on our ability to understand how people use our website. Tracking and aggregating usage information will allow us to develop this understanding.

How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use a third party product “Google Analytics”, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to help us analyse how our site is used. The information collected is anonymous and is statistical data about users' browsing actions and patterns. It is used to generate site web statistics and inform improvements to the website. In using Google Analytics, information about your use of our site, including your IP address, operating system and browser type may be transmitted to, and stored by, Google. This information will be subject to Google's Privacy Policy. See Google's Privacy Policy
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. NOTE This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website as it will NOT work correctly.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you newsletters, information you may be interested in and notification of upcoming sales.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Online Payment and Live Bidding Security
PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) is the most rigorous standard in the payment industry today. PCI DSS standards are enforced by VISA, MasterCard and the banks and specify the technical aspects of a payment service as well as operational policies and procedures.  Lyon & Turnbull are working with Credorax, App55 and Invaluable to ensure that all these security obligations are being fulfilled and your data is as safe as can be.
How we keep our systems secure
We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. These security measures include firewalls, data backup procedures and where appropriate, encryption and secure internet transactions. Despite these measures, "perfect security" on the internet does not exist.
