This privacy policy sets out how Lyon & Turnbull Ltd (Reg in Scotland 191166) uses and protects any information that you provide when communicating with us and using our services. This policy (together with our website terms of use and any other documents referred therein) sets out the basis on which we will collect, use and process personal data.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to ensure you understand how we handle your personal data; please also check this page from time to time as the Policy may be updated. This policy is effective from May 2018.  
HOW & WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTED  
A majority of the personal data we collect and process will be provided directly by you (whether in person, by telephone, on a paper form, by email or online) for example:

when you register to bid in an auction, request a valuation or agree to sell your property through Lyon & Turnbull;
when you express an interest in buying or selling certain types of property to one of our staff or representatives;
when you sign up on lyonandturnbull.com to receive news about forthcoming auctions and events relating to particular areas of interest, or subscribe to receive catalogues;
when you create a lyonandturnbull.com website account;
when you create a L&T Live account for live bidding purposes;
when you attend a Lyon & Turnbull event.

We may also obtain information about you and/or the property you own or wish to collect from other sources, for example:

When someone requests that you bid on their behalf or collect your property;
When someone introduces you to us;

Personal data collected may include your name; address; email address; telephone number; interests; marketing preferences; when appropriate, your credit information; photographic identification; and any other personal information relevant to the services we provide.
SPECIFIC INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT VIA WWW.LYONANDTURNBULL.COM 
We may also collect general user tracking information related to our website use using Google Analytics (see below).  This information is collected and stored whenever a request is made for any page or image on our servers. This information can be analysed and presented in the aggregate or organized by user sessions.
The use of cookies on www.lyonandturnbull.com
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use a third party product “Google Analytics”, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to help us analyse how our site is used. The information collected is anonymous and is statistical data about users' browsing actions and patterns. It is used to generate site web statistics and inform improvements to the website. In using Google Analytics, information about your use of our site, including your IP address, operating system and browser type may be transmitted to, and stored by, Google. This information will be subject to Google's Privacy Policy. See Google's Privacy Policy
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. NOTE: This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website as it will NOT work correctly.
PROCESSING AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA 
Here we have outlined why we will be processing your data, what personal data that processing applies to and the lawful basis on which we process it. 

SHARING INFORMATION 
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. 
However, we may need to disclose certain personal information to our agents or contractors to enable Lyon & Turnbull to process transactions, administer events or communicate with you (for example: we may transfer your data to our bank, payment card acquirers, shippers, warehouses, insurers, experts who help us authenticate or value property, catalogue and direct marketing fulfilment and distribution).  Where we do so it will be on the basis that these agents/contractors are required to keep the information confidential and secure, and will not use the information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Lyon & Turnbull.
We may also need to retain and disclose certain information about you to appropriate agencies to conduct anti-money laundering and to assist with fraud and crime prevention and detection.
DATA RETENTION
We will hold your information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or for as long as is specified in any agreement between you and us.
SECURITY
We will take all reasonable and appropriate steps to maintain the security and integrity of all personal information provided through our website, or by any other means electronic or otherwise.
We will ensure that your personal data within Lyon & Turnbull is suitably protected against both unauthorised physical and electronic access. These measures include an electronic firewall and various other protection measures that involve virus scanning, installation of security patches, vulnerability testing, backup and recovery planning, employee training, security audits and other steps designed constantly to improve the data protection posture. However, we cannot guarantee that information during transmission through the internet or any computer network is entirely safe from unauthorised intrusion, access or manipulation. We will have no liability for disclosure of information due to errors or unauthorised acts of third parties. In any event, where we believe personal data has been compromised, we will notify you of this.
ACCESS TO YOUR DATA
Subject Access Requests
If you are a resident of the EU, you have the legal right to make a “subject access request”. If you exercise this right and we process personal data about you we are required to provide you with a description and copy of that personal data, and tell you why we are processing it.
Correction of Data/ Restriction of Processing
As well as your subject access right, you may have a legal right to have your personal data corrected or erased, to object to its processing, or have its processing restricted.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Please contact us at dataenquiries@lyonandturnbull.com if you would like to exercise any of your rights explained above in relation to your personal data.
ONLINE PAYMENT
When taking payments Lyon & Turnbull are PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) compliant. These are standards enforced by VISA, MasterCard and the banks and specify the technical aspects of a payment service as well as operational policies and procedures.  
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Please note that we may offer you two online auction opportunities:  First, you may bid on Lyon & Turnbull Live (powered by Auction Mobility).  Auction Mobility hold data on you initially for registration and security purposes (AM Privacy Policy), which is then passed to Lyon & Turnbull and used according to this Policy.  We may also agree with other companies’ auction sites to allow you to participate in our auctions from their sites (such as The –Saleroom and Invaluable). The other companies may collect data about you according to their respective privacy policies.  Those other companies will transfer data about you to us to fulfil winning bids and we will use that data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.  We recommend that you take a moment to ascertain whether you are on another company’s auction site and review the privacy policy applicable to that site.
Our website may contain links to other websites which are not operated by Lyon & Turnbull. The information you provide to us will not be transmitted to other websites. However, these websites may collect personal information about you in accordance with their own privacy policies. Lyon & Turnbull is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Our websites are directed to adults.  They are not directed to children. We do not accept them as clients or knowingly collect data about them.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to amend or update this Privacy Policy and any of our privacy practices at any time. We will notify users of this website by posting any updated policy on this page and such changes will be effective immediately and without further notice. Where appropriate, we may notify you directly of changes to the Privacy Policy either through email or a prominent notice on our website.
CONTACT
If you have any queries in relation to how and why we process your personal data please contact us at dataenquiries@lyonandturnbull.com 
