
Privacy Policy
The Switcher privacy policy forms part of Switcher’s terms and conditions.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy forms part of Switcher.ie's terms and conditions. Once you have provided your personal details on this website you will be deemed to have read and accepted this privacy policy.
Switcher.ie is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information that we collect about you to process your switch and to inform you about other services we provide.
The site is operated by Forward Internet Ireland Limited; a company incorporated in the Republic of Ireland (registration number 484948), the registered office of which is 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1 ("Switcher.ie"). Switcher.ie complies with all applicable Irish Data Protection legislation currently in force in relation to its treatment of personal information.
This privacy statement sets out the policy in relation to how any personal information collected from you through your use of this site is used.
What personal information do we collect
If you have requested to switch suppliers, we will use your personal information to process that switch. This will include passing your information to the new supplier.
Switcher.ie may disclose and use personal information collected about you within its own organisation (including its representatives) for the purpose of internal business administration, analysis and marketing.
Switcher.ie may also disclose personal information collected about you to third parties, for the purposes of completing any transaction you are undertaking with us, for providing any goods or services to you or for the purposes of associated administration or obtaining professional advice.
If you enter a contest or another promotion, we will use the data so that we can administer the contest and notify winners.
If you have requested to be kept informed of services that we offer, we will contact you with these details.
If during your visit to one of our insurance or energy calculators, you elected to continue by accepting the terms of our Privacy Policy, we may pass the details you submitted to our quote engine on to one of our representatives.
By indicating that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy, you are agreeing to allow Switcher to pass on your personal data to the relevant supplier.
If you provide us with your information through this website, for instance by filling in one of the forms requesting us to compare insurance quotes, we shall use your information as set out in this privacy policy and in the notices we provide when you submit your information.
By submitting your personal information, you consent to our use of the information as set out in this privacy policy and such notices.
In particular, we may need to collect your sensitive personal information to allow us to provide you with quotes, for instance information relating to criminal convictions or to your health. You consent to our use of such information for the purposes set out below.
If you give us your personal information, we will use it to provide you with the quote comparison information you request.
When completing a car or home insurance comparison, Switcher.ie may use the information you supply to contact you by phone, email, SMS or otherwise about products and services which may be of interest to you. Such services could include our newsletter, exclusive offers or renewal reminders.
If you are not happy for your data to be used in this way, you can unsubscribe by: Click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link provided on each marketing email we send to you, or email customerservice@switcher.ie and ask to unsubscribe from future marketing materials.
Please remember that by opting out, we will not be able to contact you about products or services that may benefit you. After processing a quote, we may send you a summary of the prices received by either email or SMS. This is part of our automated service and is a condition of use of our website.
If necessary the supplier might contact you to discuss your insurance, broadband or energy quotes. Without clicking 'Continue', 'Find Suppliers' or ‘Compare Quotes’ you will be unable to complete the car insurance or energy quotation process.
If you request an Insurance quote comparison through our website, we will forward the personal information you submit to selected insurers, insurance brokers and other related third parties to enable us to obtain a quote for you.
The insurers may use your personal information for their own purposes, which may include contacting you by mail, telephone or email, and any use by these insurers will be subject to the insurer's own terms and conditions and/or privacy policies.
We cannot provide a quote comparison to you unless we are able to share your personal information in this way.
In the event that none of the companies we forward your information to are able to provide an online quotation, we may pass on your contact details to a small number of companies who may be able to provide an offline quotation according to your circumstances.
Also, we may share your personal information with other selected third parties that may contact you directly about their products or services. We shall give you an opportunity to choose not to share your information with such selected parties before you submit your personal information.
If while comparing loans with us you provide us with your phone number, name, address and postcode, we may pass these details - and the information you have submitted on the site - on to one of our loans brokers.
By entering this information you are agreeing for us to pass your personal data to our loans brokers and for them to contact you by phone or email to discuss your requirements.
They will only contact you in relation to this enquiry for a limited time after you have used our service. They will not use your details for any other purpose.
If during your visit to our business energy service, you elected to continue by accepting the terms of our Privacy Policy, we may pass the details you submitted into our web form onto one of our representatives.
By indicating you have read and understood this Privacy Policy you are agreeing for us to pass your personal data to one of these representatives and for them to contact you by phone or email to discuss your requirements and provide business energy quotations.
Without clicking 'continue' you will be unable to complete the business energy web form process.
The representatives will only contact you in relation to this enquiry for a limited time after you have used our service. They will not use your details for any other purpose.
If during your visit to the energy calculator you opted in for our marketing and told us the month of your home insurance renewal you will be called by one of our representatives in order to help you with your home insurance enquiry.
We monitor traffic patterns and site usage. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access.
For these purposes we may send your information internationally, including to countries outside the European Economic Association. Other countries offer differing levels of protection for personal information, not all of which will be as high as the levels of protection offered in the Republic of Ireland.
Accessing personal data
You can contact us to ask whether we are keeping personal data about you, by sending an email to privacy@switcher.ie. Upon request, we will provide you with a readable copy of data which we hold about you. If you ask us to delete, correct or amend that personal data we will do so within a reasonable time.
If you have any queries relating to your personal data please contact us at:
Data Protection Officer
Switcher.ie
Suite B02, Fitzwilliam House
3-4 Upper Pembroke Street
Dublin 2
Your consent
By disclosing your personal information to Switcher.ie or the motor and home insurance comparison service , you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
Use of cookies and third-party advertising technology
1. How does Switcher use cookies for advertising?
a) Non-personalised Switcher online banner advertising
We use third-party advertising technology to serve ads when you visit our website and sites upon which we advertise. This technology uses information about your visits to this website and the sites upon which we advertise to serve our ads to you.
In the course of serving our advertisements to you, a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser. In addition, we use web beacons, provided by our third-party ad server, to help manage and optimise our online advertising.
These web beacons enable our ad server, on our behalf or on behalf of our agent, to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website.
Our third-party ad server is performing its functions on our behalf or on behalf of our agent, and we may, directly or indirectly, instruct such ad server to enable other service providers to receive information about our site related to our online advertising.
b) Personalised gas and electricity results advertisements
Part of this activity includes personalised retargeting display advertisements, which use information collected from your visit to Switcher to make them more relevant to you. They also provide you with an easy way to revisit the results you saw during your comparison.
We understand privacy is very important to our customers, and want to reassure you that we do not share personally identifiable information with 3rd parties while providing this service.
c) This website uses Google AdWords & Facebook Remarketing Tags
This website uses Google AdWords & Facebook remarketing service to advertise on third party websites to previous visitors to our site.
It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, a site in the Google Display Network, or somewhere on Facebook.
Third-party vendors, including Google & Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Switcher.ie website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy, as well as Google & Facebook privacy policies.
You can opt-out of remarketing by visiting the links below:
For Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/
d) Further information/questions relating to online advertising?
The IAB (Internet Advertising Bureau) has put together a great resource for information on behavioural advertising: how it works, further information about cookies, and steps you can take to protect your privacy on the internet. To learn more, click here.
You can also contact us directly with queries relating to online advertising by sending an email to privacy@switcher.ie.
2. How does Switcher use cookies?
Switcher collects information about your preferences in relation to this site by analysing site traffic, which includes the use of cookies.
A cookie is text file which is stored on your computer and is sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information back from the browser. This enables us to identify if you have visited Switcher before.
We use cookies to help us analyse traffic on our site and customer behaviour. Cookies may also be used by our partners to understand marketing and traffic patterns.
During the course of any visit to Switcher, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your computer. Any information that is supplied by cookies can help us to provide you with a better service and assists us in analysing the profile of our visitors.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but normally you can alter your browser settings to prevent automatic acceptance, if you prefer. If you opt not to receive our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience with our website will be as quick or responsive as if you do receive cookies.
We do not store passwords or any other information about a visitor in a cookie that could identify them, their location, their preferences or their financial activity.
3. How to find and control your cookies?
If you're using Internet Explorer 6.0 or 7.0 :
Choose Tools, then
Internet Options
Click the Privacy tab
Click on the 'Advanced' button
Check the 'Override automatic cookie handing' box and select Accept, Block or Prompt for action as appropriate
If you're using Mozilla Firefox :
Choose Tools, then
Options...
Privacy
Cookies
Set your options as required
If you're using Opera 8+ :
Choose Tools, then
Preferences
Advanced
Select Cookies
Select your settings using the available options
If you're using Safari :
Choose Safari, then
Preferences
Advanced
Security
Select options by Accept Cookies as required
4. How do you know which of the sites you’ve visited use cookies?
If you're using Internet Explorer :
Choose Tools, then
Internet Options
Click the General tab
Click Settings
View Files
If you're using Mozilla Firefox :
Choose Tools, then
Options...
Privacy
Cookies
Click the Show Cookies button
If you're using Opera 8+ :
Choose Tools, then
Advanced
Click Cookies
If you're using Safari :
Choose Safari, then
Preferences
Security
Click Show Cookies button
5. How to see your cookie code
Just click on a cookie to open it. You'll see a short string of text and numbers. The numbers are your identification card, which can only be seen by the server that gave you the cookie.
Rights are reserved to amend or modify the privacy statement at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation.

