This privacy policy forms part of Switcher.ie's terms and conditions.Privacy Policy
Once you have provided your personal details on this website you will be deemed to have read and accepted this privacy policy.
Switcher.ie is committed to protecting your privacy. The site is operated by Switcher Limited; a company incorporated in the Republic of Ireland (registration number 592342), the registered office of which is 11-12 Baggot Court, Dublin 2 (“Switcher.ie”).
Switcher.ie complies with all applicable Irish Data Protection legislation currently in force in relation to its treatment of personal information. Switcher.ie complies with all of the requirements as set out in the  General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This privacy statement sets out Switcher.ie’s policy in relation to how any personal information collected from you through your use of this site is used. We reserve the right to amend or modify the privacy statement at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation.
For further information on specific aspects of our Privacy Policy, take a look at the links below…
1. What personal information does Switcher.ie collect?
2. How does Switcher.ie use your data?
3. What data does Switcher.ie hold on to?
4. Want to request your personal data?
5. Use of cookies and third-party advertising technology
6. About GDPR

1. What personal information does Switcher.ie collect?
Information you provide to us
When you complete a switch on our site, you provide us with information, such as:

Your contact details
Your current utility provider
Your bank details

When you complete a speedtest on site, you provide us with information including:

Location data
Your email address
Your IP address and internet service provider
Statistics on your upload and download speeds

Information we collect about you
When you visit Switcher.ie, we collect information about your device, including your IP address, information about your visit (including how you came to the site), and how you use our site.

2. How does Switcher.ie use your data?

When you go through the switching process, we use the information that you provide to us to process your switch. This will include passing relevant information to your new supplier. We may contact you if we have to clarify any information in order to complete your switch.
We will also use data about your activity on site to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
If you enter a contest or another promotion, we will use the data so that we can administer the contest and notify winners.
If you opt in, we will send you marketing material and information about other services we provide and offers that may be of interest to you.

You can unsubscribe from email marketing by:

Clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link provided on each marketing email we send to you.
Emailing customerservice@switcher.ie and asking to unsubscribe from future marketing materials.


3. What data does Switcher.ie hold on to?
Switcher.ie keeps a record of your comparison and your switch, for reporting and auditing purposes. We delete all banking information provided to your new supplier within 30 days of your application.

4. Want to request your personal data?
You can contact us to ask whether we are keeping personal data about you by sending an email to customerservice@switcher.ie. Upon request, if we are holding any data about you, we will provide you with a readable copy of this data.
You are entitled to ask us to delete, correct or amend that personal data and, if requested, we will do so within a reasonable time.
If you have any queries relating to your personal data you can contact Switcher.ie’s Data Protection Officer at:
Data Protection Officer
Switcher.ie
Suite B02, Fitzwilliam House
3-4 Upper Pembroke Street
Dublin 2

5. Use of cookies and third-party advertising technology
How does Switcher.ie use cookies?
Switcher.ie collects information about your preferences in relation to this site by analysing site traffic, which includes the use of cookies.
We use cookies to help us analyse traffic on our site and customer behaviour. Cookies may also be used by our partners to understand marketing and traffic patterns.
We don’t store passwords or any other identifiable information in cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but normally you can alter your browser settings to prevent automatic acceptance, if you prefer. If you opt not to receive our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience with our website will be as quick or responsive as if you do receive cookies.
How Switcher.ie uses cookies for advertising
This website uses Google AdWords, Microsoft Bing and Facebook remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to previous visitors to our site.
It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, a site in the Google Display Network, or somewhere on Facebook.
Third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Switcher.ie website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy, as well as Google, Bing and Facebook’s privacy policies.
You can opt-out of remarketing by visiting the links below:
Further information/questions relating to online advertising?
The IAB (Internet Advertising Bureau) has put together a great resource for information on behavioural advertising: how it works, further information about cookies, and steps you can take to protect your privacy on the internet. To learn more, click here.
You can also contact us directly with queries relating to online advertising by sending an email to customerservice@switcher.ie.
How do I find, manage or delete my cookies?
The steps you need to take to manage your cookies will depend on the browser you’re using. Below are links to instructions on how to manage cookies for the most common browsers:

6. About GDPR
Does Switcher.ie have a Data Protection Officer?Yes, Switcher.ie has a Data Protection Officer. You can contact our Data Protection Officer at:
Data Protection Officer
Switcher.ie
Suite B02, Fitzwilliam House
3-4 Upper Pembroke Street
Dublin 2
customerservice@switcher.ie
Is the GDPR applicable to Switcher.ie?Yes, as an organisation operating within the EU, Switcher.ie is covered by the GDPR in situations where we process our customers’ personal data, once those customers are located in the EU.
Under GDPR, what data can Switcher.ie process and under which conditions?According to GDPR, the type and amount of personal data an organisation processes depends on the reason for processing it and what the organisation wants to do with it. In relation to GDPR, Switcher.ie adheres to the following rulles:

Personal data must be processed in a lawful and transparent manner, ensuring fairness towards the individuals whose personal data we are processing.
We will have specific purposes for processing the data and will indicate those purposes to individuals when collecting their personal data and we will collect and process only the personal data that is necessary to fulfil that purpose.
We will ensure the personal data is accurate and up-to-date, having regard to the purposes for which it’s processed, and correct it if not.
We will not use the personal data for other purposes that aren’t compatible with the original purpose of collection.
We will only store personal data for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
We have technical and organisational safeguards that ensure the security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.

What is the GDPR?GDPR stands for ‘General Data Protection Regulation’. This is European privacy legislation that takes effect on 25 May 2018. It replaces the previous EU member state laws that implement the EU Data Protection Directive, which was in existence from 1995 to 2018.
What personal data and information can a Switcher.ie customer access on request?If you request access to your personal data, Switcher.ie will:

confirm whether or not we are processing personal data concerning you;
provide a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
provide information about the processing (such as purposes, categories of personal data, recipients, etc.).

The first copy of this data will be provided free of charge but we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for any further copies.
Will you ask for my consent before using my data?Yes, under GDPR, we will request your consent before processing your data. This request will outline:

the purposes for which the data is being processed;
the type of data that will be processed; and
how to to withdraw consent.

