Website privacy and security measuresRMIT values privacy
RMIT is committed to handling personal information in accordance with the privacy principles contained in the RMIT Privacy and data protection policy and the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Vic), and other relevant legislation.
Protecting your privacy by handling personal information in this manner is an important aspect of our activities. Find out more in the RMIT Privacy and data protection policy.
For details about how RMIT manages student personal information go to the RMIT Privacy and data protection policy and the student privacy statement.
Find out more about privacy at RMIT.
RMIT website privacy statement
The following sets out how the RMIT will deal with personal information recorded through the use of its web sites.
Personal and financial information provided via RMIT web sites will only be used for the purposes of conducting the business of the University, and in line with the RMIT Privacy and data protection policy. These uses include:

responding to program and course inquiries;
conducting student and financial administration processes;
providing services;
dissemination of information to prospective students, current students, staff, alumni and others.

Such information is stored securely, retained for no longer than is necessary or as required by law (e.g. archiving legislation), and then disposed of lawfully and securely.
When will RMIT use my personal contact details?
RMIT will generally ask your permission to use your personal email address, or other contact details, to send any promotional information or to be placed on a mailing list, when you first make contact with RMIT, for example to register for an event or make an enquiry.
When you send an email to RMIT (that is, to an address that ends with the following: @rmit.edu.au, @rmit.edu.vn or @rmit.edu.eu ) your email address and any personal information you provide may be kept for the purpose of dealing with the enquiry and providing program and events information from time-to-time. You can opt out of receiving emails if you do not want any more information of that type, by utilising the unsubscribe options on an email you receive.
RMIT uses email for routine business communication to its staff and students, and keeps consolidated lists for these purposes. Such email is sent only to RMIT owned, allocated and managed email addresses (i.e. addresses that end with ‘@rmit.edu.au’, ‘@rmit.edu.vn’ or ‘@rmit.edu.au’).
In the above processes, email logs may be kept temporarily for the purpose of identifying and dealing with any inappropriate use of email. Such records are stored securely.
What technical identifying information do RMIT web servers collect when I visit their websites?
A cookie is a file or information used by RMIT web servers for many purposes, including allowing authorised users to login to University websites (see section below) and which can leave data on the hard drive of your computer so that it can remember something about you when you access the web site on subsequent occasions.
The University may make a record of your visits to RMIT websites and logs any of the following information for security, statistical, recording, and other business purposes: the user’s server address, the user’s domain name, IP address, the date and time of the visit, the pages accessed and documents downloaded, the previous site visited and the type of browser used. This information is not sold to any third party organisations. This information is kept only temporarily and is stored securely. An important use is to track and identify inappropriate usage and hence provide a more secure online environment. Any disclosure for reporting purposes is done in ways that do not allow an individual user to be identified, unless required by law.
Users can ‘disable cookies’ on their web browser, however this may result in an inability to login or view some RMIT web pages.
RMIT web pages use Google Analytics to better understand how people use the website. We also allow third parties, such as Google and Facebook, to use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect or receive information.  This is used to gain better insights about our audiences (for example, visitor demographics and interests), so we can improve website user experience and offer more relevant advertising as you move through other websites. Google Analytics does not report individual IP addresses. You can learn more about the information Google Analytics collects at Google data privacy and security.
You can choose to change your browser's cookie settings via your browser privacy settings, including blocking of the use of cookies. If you choose to delete or block cookies, your experience on RMIT websites may be limited.
You can opt-out of Google Display advertising, Facebook advertising and other forms of cookie-based advertising by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
What security is in place when I leave personal or financial information?
A technically secure environment is in place for when personal or financial information is collected through RMIT web sites, to ensure that it cannot be accessed by other users or organisations.
The RMIT network which hosts the RMIT web site and all RMIT online systems has highly sophisticated security and publishing systems in place. Technically this includes:

fire walling
intrusion detection
port filtering
password-login
virus protection
packet shaping

E-commerce transactions involving authorisation to pay RMIT fees, or purchase products or services are conducted within the secure online environments of RMIT authorised banks and financial institutions to provide a greater level of security.
How does login to RMIT websites work?
RMIT students, staff, and other approved persons have a license to log into RMIT websites. This enables them to securely access important information and online services restricted to them, and not visible to, or available to visitors. Examples include:

a student’s enrolment and results information and online course content
a staff member’s personnel record and pay information

Logging in to access these services is conducted in a safe and secure environment.
When logging in, staff and students authenticate who they are by entering on a web page the staff or student number allocated for their use by RMIT, and a unique password that they have generated.
Student and staff numbers are stored securely. It is important that users with this license abide by RMIT approved use policies, especially keeping their number and password secure, and ensuring they log off when finished. In this way, their personal information, and that of others is protected from unauthorised access and misuse.
Keep safe online - Limit personal information shared in chat rooms, web boards and bulletin boards
Please take care when using RMIT online collaboration tools for example; bulletin boards, chat rooms, web boards and blogs, on RMIT websites. All such communication services require users to login; however, in line with safe internet use practice, you should generally not disclose any personal information in such forums, for example your home address.
Links from RMIT websites to other websites
RMIT websites contain links to other websites. RMIT is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of these web sites. A link to another website does not imply an RMIT association with, or endorsement of that website.
For more information about privacy email:

privacy@rmit.edu.au – for questions about the handling of personal information at RMIT
webservices@rmit.edu.au – for questions about RMIT website functionality.

