

help a website recognize repeat users;
facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site;
allow a site to track usage behavior;
compile aggregate data for content improvements; and
undertake targeted advertising.

        If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers contain a function that allows a user to deny the cookie feature. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Please note that the use of cookies is a necessary part of the Shaadi.com technology and is necessary if you wish to access Shaadi.com. Disabling the cookie feature on your browser or deleting cookie files from your computer will render you unable to access certain features on Shaadi.com and participate in its services. Cookies may also be necessary to provide the user with certain features such as customized delivery of information. Consequently cookies we serve are tied to the user's personally identifiable information.

        Shaadi.com uses cookies to provide its services, to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit different pages on our site, and for other purposes.

        Please note that cookies are used only to recollect information sent to your computer from Shaadi.com. We CANNOT access any information not sent by Shaadi.com.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers contain a function that allows a user to deny the cookie feature. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Please note that the use of cookies is a necessary part of the Shaadi.com technology and is necessary if you wish to access Shaadi.com. Disabling the cookie feature on your browser or deleting cookie files from your computer will render you unable to access certain features on Shaadi.com and participate in its services. Cookies may also be necessary to provide the user with certain features such as customized delivery of information. Consequently cookies we serve are tied to the user's personally identifiable information.Shaadi.com uses cookies to provide its services, to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit different pages on our site, and for other purposes.Please note that cookies are used only to recollect information sent to your computer from Shaadi.com. We CANNOT access any information not sent by Shaadi.com.  Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.