At Batelco, our number one priority is to ensure we provide a top quality service and invaluable experience to our users, and so to do this we must protect the privacy of all website visitors. The Batelco Privacy Policy For Our Customers is to be read and utilised with the Batelco Liability Disclaimer, Our Privacy Policy sets out the terms and conditions with regards to what constitutes acceptable use for any electronic transmission sent, received, posted, accessed, or stored via any network.
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE BEFORE USING OR OBTAINING ANY MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THROUGH BATELCO.COM. BY ACCESSING BATELCO.COM, THE USER AGREES WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, TO ACCEPT ALL THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. 
BATELCO TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE BATELCO SITES 


DEFINITIONS1.1 In this Policy the following definitions shall apply:“Batelco Bahrain Site” means various corporate portal web sites and web pages operated by Batelco or its affiliates from time to time.“Communication Services” means any service which provides message-transfer facilities including message-routing and publish-subscribe.“Content” means any information made available by a website or any other electronic medium. This includes information, text, data, communications, images, photographs, graphics, music, video, games and sounds, software or any other material supplied by the User, Batelco, or any third party content providers on behalf of Batelco and which is contained on or available as part of the Batelco service.“Linked Site” means any portal site that is linked to the Batelco Corporate Portal Site.“Licence agreement” is an agreement in which one person grants to another, or to a definite number of other persons, a right or permission to use a certain thing, and refers to the document recording that permission.

“User” means anyone that uses the Batelco Corporate Portal or public website.
“Network” means the electronic communications system by which we make services available in the Kingdom of Bahrain.
USE OF THE BATELCO SITE 2.2  The Batelco Site is offered to the User on the User’s unconditional acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained in this Policy and are deemed to apply as soon as the user visits the Batelco Site. The User confirms its unconditional agreement to the terms set out in this Policy upon its immediate use of the Batelco Sites.
MODIFICATION OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE 3.1 Batelco reserves the right to change at any time without prior notice the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Batelco Site is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Batelco Site. The User shall be wholly responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions. The User shall be bound by these terms and conditions at all times.
PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE LIMITATION 4.1 Unless otherwise specified, the Batelco Site is for the User’s personal and non-commercial use. The User shall not, under any circumstances modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the Batelco Sites.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES5.1 Third Parties supply components of the Batelco services. The Batelco Site may contain links to other Third Party Web Sites (hereinafter referred to as “Linked Sites“). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Batelco and Batelco shall not be held responsible in any way whatsoever for the contents of any Linked Site or for any damage or loss resulting from the use of such Linked Sites, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Additionally, Batelco shall not be held responsible in any way whatsoever for any third party content, web casting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Batelco shall provide these links to the User only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply any endorsement by Batelco of the site or any association with its operators. Batelco will not be held liable for any loss or damage incurred by the User’s access to any such content or other services supplied by a third party or for the failure to give notice to the User of the possible content or subject matter of any transaction received from any Linked Site.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE6.1 As a condition of use of the Batelco Sites, the User pledges to Batelco that they shall not under any circumstances whatsoever use the Batelco Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. The User shall not use the Batelco Site in any manner or form which could cause any form of damage or loss to Batelco or damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Batelco Sites or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Batelco Site. The User shall not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Batelco Site. Batelco reserves the right to remove any content displayed which is in breach of this Policy or any other applicable guidelines provided on access to User content services and/or the barring of users who submit such content. The User is solely liable for all activities whilst using Batelco as a service provider and will thus be solely responsible for the consequences of any unlawful or prohibited activity.
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES7.1 The Batelco Sites may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable the User to communicate with the public at large or with a group “Communication Services”. The User hereby agrees to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are legal, proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, the User agrees that when using a Communication Service, they shall not under any circumstances whatsoever:

Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, inconvenience, cause annoyance or needless anxiety to any person, impersonate any other person or act in a way which may reasonably be considered to be objectionable, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, download, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless the User owns or controls the rights thereto or has received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain software viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Upload files that contain material that is illegal, offensive, abusive, malicious, threatening, racist, indecent, defamatory, derogatory, obscene, menacing, or otherwise objectionable.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters,  mass mailings, political campaigning, commercial solicitation or any Spam.
Download any file posted by another User of a Communication Service that the User is aware of, or should reasonably be aware of that cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other User from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about other Users, including e-mail addresses, without the consent of the other User.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Do anything that is contrary to Bahrain public policy or ethics.
Attempt to tamper with, modify, copy, disassemble, reverse engingeer, decompile or breach the system security in any way whatsoever, or seek to gain access to the system or User accounts that are stored within the “Batelco Bahrain Site” system.




Batelco has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Batelco reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials at its sole discretion. Batelco reserves the right to terminate the User’s access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice.
Batelco reserves the right at all times to disclose any information when necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any of the User’s or Third Party information, content or materials, in whole or in part, at Batelco’s sole discretion.
The User should always use caution when communicating any personally identifying information about themselves or their family members in any Communication Service. Batelco does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Batelco specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from the User’s participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorised Batelco spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Batelco. By acceptance of these terms and conditions the User irrevocably releases Batelco from any liability in respect of any disclosure, accidental or otherwise, of any information regarding the User or the User’s family members.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations in distribution, reproduction and/or dissemination, the User is responsible for adhering to such limitations should such materials be download.

MATERIALS PROVIDED TO BATELCO OR POSTED AT ANY “Batelco Bahrain Site”8.1 Batelco does not claim ownership of the materials provided by the User to Batelco (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any “Batelco Bahrain site” or its associated services (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting Submission the User is granting Batelco, its affiliated companies, assigns and necessary sub licensees permission to use the Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat the Submission; and to publish the Users name in connection with the Submission provided by the User.No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of any Submission, as provided herein. Batelco is under no obligation to post or use any Submission the User may provide and Batelco may remove any Submission at any time at Batelco’s sole discretion.By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting the User’s Submission the User warrants and represents ownership or otherwise control of all the rights to the Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for the User to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions. The User agrees to compy with the terms of any agreements reasonably required by third party owners or any Intellectual Property Rights in any such Submissions relating to the protection of such rights.
SOFTWARE AVAILABLE ON THE “Batelco Bahrain Site” 9.1 Software (if any) that is made available to download from the Batelco Site, excluding software that may be made available by end-Users through a Communication Service, (“Software”) is the copyrighted work of Batelco and/or its suppliers. Use of the Software by the User is governed by the terms of the end User license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software (“License Agreement”). The User may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless the User first agrees to the License Agreement terms. For any Software not accompanied by a license agreement, Batelco hereby grants to the User, a personal, non-transferable license to use the Software for viewing and otherwise using the particular “Batelco Bahrain Site” portal site in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use, and for no other purpose provided that the User keeps intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. All Software remains the exclusive property of Batelco and/or its suppliers at all times and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions.Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible. Without limiting the foregoing, copying or reproduction of the software to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited. The software shall be warranted only according to the terms of the applicable software license agreement. The User acknowledges that the Software, and any accompanying documentation and/or technical information, is subject to the applicable export control laws and regulations of the State of Bahrain. The User agrees not to export or re-export the Software, directly or indirectly, to any countries that are subject to Bahrain export restrictions.SERVICE CONTACT: webmaster@inet.com.bh

SHOPPING10.1 “Batelco Bahrain Site” Shopping provides the Merchants’ links to the User. However, each individual Merchant participating at “Batelco Bahrain Site” Shopping is responsible for setting and explaining their individual shipping, return, security and other policies applicable to shopping in their stores and purchasing their products. “Batelco Bahrain Site” does not guarantee, warrant or endorse in any way whatsoever any product or service sold by a Merchant in “Batelco Bahrain Site” Shopping, nor shall Batelco have any liability or responsibility whatsoever for the quality or performance of any product or service sold to the User by any Merchant. The purchase of any product or service from a Merchant at “Batelco Bahrain Site” Shopping is a transaction solely and exclusively between the User and that Merchant, and any question or dispute which the User may have regarding any such product or service should be addressed directly to the responsible Merchant. “Batelco Bahrain Site” shall have no responsibility or liability for any Merchant or the User’s relationship with such a Merchant.The User shall be totally responsible for paying the entire amount due on the User’s purchase, including any applicable taxes, shipping and other charges assessed by the Merchant. With respect to applicable taxes, the Merchant will advise the User subsequently of the exact amount of tax due on the User’s purchase. “Batelco Bahrain Site” shall have no responsibility whatsoever for any miscalculation or omission by a Merchant of applicable taxes on any sale. The User represents and warrants that the User is at least twenty one (21) years of age and that the User has the full legal right to use “Batelco Bahrain Site” Shopping in accordance with the stated terms and usage policies. The User hereby agrees to supervise usage by, and be responsible for the actions of, any minors who use the User’s computer and/or registration account to access “Batelco Bahrain Site” Shopping.
TERMINATION/ACCESS RESTRICTION 11.1 Batelco reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate the User’s access to any or all Batelco Sites and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice and shall not incur any liability whatsoever to the User for such termination.

