 The Terms of Service (“Terms”) and Privacy Policy is an agreement between you and The Poetry Foundation (“TPF”, “us”, “our” or “we”) for your use of the TPF website (www.poetryfoundation.org
	and all sub-domains), mobile websites, applications and any other TPF 
products, services or tools that link to these Terms (“Services”). Any 
TPF owned services linked to other terms of service are governed by that
 service’s terms.
	

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
If you do not agree to these Terms or the Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services. We 
reserve the right to modify or amend the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy from time to time 
without prior notice. Your continued use of the Services following the 
posting of changes to these Terms will mean you accept those changes.
	
The Poetry Foundation Terms of ServiceThese Terms of Service and any additional terms that may be disclosed to you for the services you select (“Terms”) is an agreement between you and The Poetry Foundation (“TPF”, “us”, “our” or “we”) for your use of the TPF website (www.poetryfoundation.org and all sub-domains), mobile websites, applications and any other TPF products, services or tools that link to these Terms (“Services”). Any TPF owned services linked to other terms of service are governed by that service’s terms.
By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and are legally bound by these Terms, which expressly incorporate by reference TPF’s Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Services. We reserve the right to modify or amend these Terms from time to time without prior notice. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to these Terms will mean you accept those changes.

Intellectual Property
All of the content featured or displayed on or through the Services, including without limitation text, graphics, photographs, still images, moving images, videos, sound, illustrations, and software (collectively, “Content”), is owned by TPF, its licensors, vendors, agents, and/or content providers, as applicable. All elements of the Services, including without limitation the general design and the Content, are protected by trade dress, copyright, moral rights, trademark and other laws relating to intellectual property rights. TPF reserves the right to track the usage of Content.
You may access copyrighted material available on the Services for your personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, downloading, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of any Content, in whole or in part, is permitted without the express permission of TPF and/or the copyright owner. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.
In using Content in accordance with this Agreement, you may not (a) state or imply that TPF is endorsing you, your viewpoints or any of the products or services that you or your organization may provide, or (b) represent that you or your organization has a relationship with TPF or any of the events, products or services that TPF provides unless that relationship is the subject of a written agreement between you and TPF.
You will not access any Content from the Services through any technology or means other than the web pages for the Services, the Embeddable Player (as defined below), the Widgets (as defined below) or such other explicitly authorized means as the TPF may designate.
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of TPF or third-parties used in the Services (including, but not limited to, “The Poetry Foundation”, “POETRY” magazine; the Pegasus logo, and the POETRY grid logo (collectively, the “Marks”)) are trademarks or registered trademarks of TPF or its licensors, vendors or content providers, as applicable. You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute or modify the Marks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on the Services, without TPF’s prior written consent. The use of the Marks on any other website or network computer environment is not allowed.

Embeddable Player and Widgets
To the extent that TPF makes available to you through the Services (or otherwise) an embeddable player for viewing video and playing audio Content from the Services (the “Embeddable Player”) and/or widgets to obtain access to Content from the Services (“Widgets”), you agree as a condition to accessing and using such items that:

You will not alter or modify any part of the Embeddable Player, the Widgets or any of their related technologies.
You will include a prominent link back to the applicable website or Service on the pages containing the Embeddable Player and/or Widgets, and you may not modify, build upon or block any portion of the Embeddable Player and/or Widgets in any way.
You will not use the Embeddable Player and/or Widgets for any commercial use, without the prior written authorization of TPF. Prohibited commercial uses include any of the following actions taken without TPF’s prior written approval: (a) sale of access to the Services or their related services (such as the Embeddable Player and Widgets) on another website; and (b) use of the Services or their related services (such as the Embeddable Player and Widgets), for the primary purpose of gaining advertising or subscription revenue.

User Submissions
The Services may now or in the future permit the submission and posting or linking of media, text, audio and video recordings, photos, survey responses, commentary or any other content submitted by you and other users (“User Submissions”). You understand that whether or not such User Submissions are published, TPF does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Submissions.
By submitting User Submissions through the Services, you hereby grant TPF and its affiliates and partner organizations a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable license, with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses, to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works of, display and publicly perform the User Submissions in connection with the Services or by TPF for any purpose, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels now known or hereafter discovered. You grant TPF and its affiliates and partner organizations the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such User Submission if they choose. You also agree to irrevocably waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Submissions. You also hereby grant to each user of the Services a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Services, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform such User Submissions as permitted by the functionality of the Services and these Terms.
You are solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Submissions, you represent and warrant that: (a) you own, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions in the User Submissions, to authorize TPF to use the User Submissions and grant the rights in this section; and (b) your User Submissions and the use of your User Submissions by TPF, its affiliates, partner organizations and successors, does not and will not (i) infringe or violate the rights of any third party (including any intellectual property rights), (ii) slander, defame or libel, or invade the right of privacy, publicity or other property rights of any person, or (iii) violate any applicable law or regulation.  

Copyright Infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide TPF’s Copyright Agent the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), 17 U.S.C. §512:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
For copyright inquiries under the DMCA please contact:
Copyright AgentThe Poetry Foundation
	61 W. Superior St.
	Chicago, IL 60654
info@poetryfoundation.org

Services – Creating a User Account
Some of the Services may require or allow you to create/receive a password and account designation. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any such password, account, and information displayed in the account profile. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. If you allow third parties to access the Services through your username and password, you will defend and indemnify TPF and its employees, agents, affiliates, partner organizations, successors and assigns from and against any liability, costs or damages arising out of claims or suits based upon or relating to such access and use. You agree to immediately notify TPF of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security related to the Services of which you are aware.

Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the Services, you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms or is otherwise prohibited under applicable law. You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Services or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Services.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Sites or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Services or the Content therein.
You agree that you will not use any bot, crawler, harvester, indexer, robot, spider, scraper or any other automated means to access, compile, read or gather content from the Services automatically.
Additionally, you agree that you will not: (a) take any action that, in our sole discretion, imposes, or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (b) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the website or any activities conducted on the Services; or (c) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services.

Links
Links to Third Party Websites.  From time to time, the Services may contain links to other websites that are not owned, operated or controlled by TPF. All such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Services (or website) containing the link. We are not responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other website, including, but not limited to, any content that violates restrictions applicable to TPF. We also are not responsible for any products or services that you buy from third party websites or any donations made through those websites.
TPF does not endorse, guarantee or make any representations or warranties regarding any other websites, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other websites, or the products or services that you may obtain from using any other websites or how any donations you make through such websites will be used. If you decide to access any other websites linked to or from the Services, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Links to TPF Services.  By creating a link to any portion of the Services, you agree to be bound by the following terms. Your compliance with these terms, as the same may be revised from time to time in TPF’s sole discretion, is a prerequisite to your continued right to link to the Services:

You may not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the link and the applicable page from the Services or create a frame around the information provided from the Services or present it in any way other than it is presented on the Services;
The posting of a link to the Services is not an endorsement by TPF of you, your viewpoints or any of the products or services that you or your organization may provide, and, when linking to the Services, you may not state or imply that TPF (or any of its affiliates or partner organizations) is endorsing you, your viewpoints or any of the products or services that you or your organization may provide;
You shall not use any portion of the Content of the Services to carry on propaganda or otherwise attempt to influence legislation within the meaning of Section 4945(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code;
TPF assumes no liability or responsibility whatsoever for any Content of any other website that is linked to the Services; and
TPF reserves the right to terminate any links to the Services as it deems necessary, with or without cause or warning. If TPF chooses to exercise this right, you will be required to remove your link to the Services immediately.

Mobile Applications
If you download a mobile application for a Service (“App”), TPF grants you a personal, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use for non-commercial purposes one (1) copy of the App for each Service on a single device that you own or control for use in connection with your account. The App includes all upgrades, modifications, functionality and enhancements thereof, as well as any related files and materials furnished or available in connection with the App. We do not warrant that the App will function properly on your device or is otherwise compatible with it. You are prohibited from making any copies of the App or modifying, disassembling, decompiling, or reverse engineering the App, subject only to applicable law. If there is any third party software or other intellectual property embodied in the App, such material is subject to the rights, title and interest of such third parties and any unauthorized use or copying is prohibited and subject to the terms of the respective third party’s end user license agreement. Third parties reserve all rights not granted in these Terms.
If the App that you access and use is an Apple application, the Apple application may only be accessed and used on a device owned or controlled by you and using the Apple iPhone OS. If you download the App and any associated mobile software from Apple’s iTunes Store or App Store (“App Store Version”), you agree as follows: These Terms are between you and TPF, and not Apple. As such Apple has no responsibility for the App Store Version and the content thereof. Apple has no obligation to maintain or provide support services for the App Store Version. If the App Store Version does not comply with any applicable warranty described in these Terms, you may notify Apple and Apple will refund the purchase price (if any) to you to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App Store Version. You agree to comply with the App Store or iTunes Store Terms of Service (available at http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html#service), including without limitation the Licensed Application End User Terms therein (“Apple Terms”). You understand that TPF and not Apple is responsible for addressing any claims in connection with the App Store Version. Any claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to warranty (if any) will be governed by these Terms. You agree that TPF and not Apple is responsible for addressing your or any third party claims relating to the App Store Version including but not limited to (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App Store Version fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. All such claims will be governed by these Terms and any laws or regulations applicable to the Services or content provide by TPF hereunder. In the event of any third party claim that the App Store Version or your possession and use of the App Store Version infringes a third party’s intellectual property rights, TPF and not Apple will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property claim. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties. You agree that notwithstanding anything contained in these Terms to the contrary, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and that by agreeing to these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as it applies to the App Store Version against you as a third party beneficiary.

Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TPF NOR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, TRUSTEES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, LICENSORS OR ASSIGNEES (COLLECITVELY, THE “REPRESENTATIVES”) WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; NOR DO THEY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES, OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION, SERVICE, OR MERCHANDISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL TPF OR THE REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, LOST PROFITS, COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER AND/OR DEVICE OR TECHNOLOGY FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OR FOR ANY FORM OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES BASED ON ANY CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY ALLEGED FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, OR DELAY IN SERVICE, OPERATION, OR TRANSMISSION OF THE SERVICES, OR ANY ALLEGED COMPUTER VIRUS PERTAINING TO OR ON THE SERVICES. YOU AGREE THAT THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES WHEREVER SUCH ALLEGATIONS ARE FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, OR NEGLIGENCE UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS UPON WHICH LIABILITY IS CLAIMED. IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW ALL OR ANY PART OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO APPLY TO YOU, THE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
TPF and the Representatives disclaim any and all liability of any kind for any unauthorized access to or use of your personally identifiable information. By accessing the Services, you acknowledge and agree to TPF’s disclaimer of any such liability. If you do not agree, you should not access or use the Services.

Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the TPF and the Representatives from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities and costs of every nature incurred by any of them in connection with any claim, damage or loss related to or arising out of: your use of the Services, any assistance or services provided by us or the Representatives to you, any alleged unauthorized use of the Services by you, or any breach or alleged breach by you of these Terms. You agree to cooperate fully in the defense of any of the foregoing. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to control exclusively the defense of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you will not settle any matter without our prior written consent. Your obligation to indemnify, defend and hold harmless shall be limited to the extent that you are afforded sovereign immunity under applicable federal, state or local laws. In such cases where your obligation to indemnify may be limited due to the requirements of federal, state or local laws, you shall be responsible for the ordinary negligent acts and omissions of your agents and employees causing harm to persons not a party to these Terms.

Release
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users of the Services, you release TPF and the Representatives from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.

Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
Unless otherwise noted, the Services are controlled and operated from the TPF’s offices in the State of Illinois. By accessing the Services, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement which is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles. All activity occurring in connection with the site (including, but not limited to, accessing pages, downloading materials, etc.) is presumed to occur in the State of Illinois.
In connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising from or relating to these Terms, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts within the State of Illinois, Cook County.

Electronic Communications; Binding and Entire Agreement
You agree that (a) these Terms constitute an agreement “signed by you” under applicable law; (b) any notices or other communication regarding your use of the Services may be provided to you electronically (by posting on the website, by email, and other electronic formats) and will be considered received upon posting or other distribution. These Terms (including the Privacy Policy) constitute the entire agreement between you and TPF and supersede all other agreements, oral or written, concerning its subject matter. You consent to the use of the English language in these Terms and all documents or notices relating to them and your use of the Services.

Severability
If any of these Terms is determined to be invalid, void or unenforceable for any reason, then the unenforceable provision will be deemed amended in a manner that will most nearly carry out the intent of the provision to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law or deleted if amendment is not possible, and the remaining Terms will be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

No Waiver
TPF’s failure to enforce these Terms in every instance in which they might apply is not a waiver of any of TPF’s rights, and TPF reserves its right to take all legal steps available to enforce these Terms. Termination will result in cancellation of all rights of access and use of Services.

Termination of Services and Survival
We reserve the right to terminate any of the Services at any time without notice for any reason, including without limitation for misuse of the Services in any way or inappropriate, unlawful, or unsafe behavior, as determined in our sole discretion. The Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability, Indemnification, Release and Applicable Law and Jurisdiction provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall survive any such termination. If these Terms expire or are terminated for any reason, the provisions which by their nature should continue after termination, such as, Intellectual Property Rights, Applicable Law and Jurisdiction and Severability.
If you have questions about these Terms and Conditions, please contact us at:
The Poetry Foundation
	61 W. Superior St.
	Chicago, IL 60654
info@poetryfoundation.org
The Poetry Foundation Privacy PolicyThe Poetry Foundation (“TPF”, “us”, “our” or “we”) has developed this Privacy Policy which details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information collected on the TPF website (www.poetryfoundation.org and all sub-domains), mobile websites, applications and any other TPF products, services or tools that link to this Privacy Policy (“Services”). Any TPF owned services linked to other privacy policies are governed by that service’s privacy policy. TPF provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue to use the Services and the choices we offer for you to manage the information we collect related to the use of the Services. Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we believe is required to further our legitimate organizational interests, to better understand your interests and to improve your experience using the Services.
Each time that you access or use the Services, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into by reference and subject to the Terms of Service.
As used in this Privacy Policy, the term “Service Providers” means third-party service providers who provide certain services to us (e.g., analytics, hosting, software maintenance, satisfaction surveys, database maintenance and magazine subscription management) related to the Services.  For example, TPF uses a third-party service provider Palm Coast Data (www.palmcoastdata.com) to manage and process payments for Poetry magazine subscriptions.

Information Collection
We may collect information related to you and your use of the Services in the following ways:
A. Information you provide to us directly.

Registration – In order to use some features of certain of the Sites, you must first complete a registration form. During registration, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information and contact information (e.g., name, organizational affiliation, email and postal addresses, Twitter handle).

Email Subscription and Newsletters – In order to subscribe to certain of our email mailing lists and newsletters you must complete a registration form.  During registration, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information and contact information (e.g., name, organizational affiliation, email and postal addresses, Twitter handle). If information requested is marked as “optional,” you are not required to provide that information in order to complete the registration process.

Magazine Subscriptions – When you subscribe to Poetry magazine or other publication through the Services, you may be asked to create an account with us or with one of our Service Providers (e.g., Palm Coast Data). To create a seamless experience, the account setup with the Service Provider may occur through TPF’s website, during which you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information and payment information. This information may be used and stored by the Service Provider and/or TPF in order to fulfill your subscription, process payments, and send you offers for other products or services that may be of interest to you. You may adjust your account settings by visiting the TPF website or Service Provider website as applicable.

Interests – In order to facilitate your interaction with the Sites you may be asked to, and may wish to, provide information about your personal interests.

Surveys – From time to time, we, along with our Service Providers may conduct online surveys, polls or other similar interactive activities on topics related to our programs or the Services. If you choose to participate in such a survey or a contest, you will be required to provide certain information to participate (e.g., name, organizational affiliation, email and postal addresses, Twitter handle).  Participation in these surveys and contests is completely voluntary.
B. Information collected from your use of the Services.

Cookies and Other Technologies – We and certain of our Service Providers may use cookies and other technologies, including web beacons and pixel tags, to passively collect information from you about you and your use of the Services. The information collected may include: your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your location information, your device type, your browser type, your computer or device's operating system, the date/time you arrived on a website or Service, your internet service provider (ISP), the website or email address from which you arrived at the website or Service, your browsing destination after you leave the Service, and your actions on the Service itself, including the content you visited, clicked on, or shared on social media.
	
We and certain of our Service Providers also may use similar technologies in our email communications to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients.  This allows us to, among other things, gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
You can control the use of cookies using your browser settings. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Services, but your ability to use some features or areas of the Services may be limited. Turning off the browser’s cookies will prevent web beacons from tracking your specific activity. The web beacon may still record an anonymous visit from your IP address, but unique information will not be recorded. However, if you are a subscriber to one of our email mailing lists and visit a website by clicking a link in an email from us, we will be able to determine your identity even if you have turned off your browser’s cookies.
Information collected by us by cookies and other technologies generally is not linked to your personally identifiable information. However, once you set up an account with our website our Services, the de-identified information associated with you may be linked to your user account and become personally identifiable information. We will use this information only as provided in this Privacy Policy.



Local Storage Objects and Advertising – We may use Local Storage Objects (“LSOs”), such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences.  Service Providers with which we engage to provide certain features on our website and Services or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML5 or Flash to collect and store information.  Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. 

Behavioral Targeting/Re-Targeting – We may use a third-party ad network to either display advertising on our Services or to manage our advertising on other sites. Examples of these services include Facebook Pixel and Google Tag Manager. Our ad network and magazine subscription Service Providers may use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Services and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  

Social Media Widgets – Our Services may include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button and widgets, such as the “Share” this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Services. These features may collect information, such as your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on our Services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. Please review these privacy policies carefully.

How We Use the Information Collected
We, along with our Service Providers, may use the information collected from you for the following purposes:

To provide and communicate with you about the Services or your account with us or with our Service Providers.

To fulfill your requests regarding the Services, including without limitation requests for newsletters and notifications.

To respond to your inquiries, and notify you if you have won a contest.

To communicate with you about other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you,

To communicate with you about other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe to these email offers and change your privacy settings by visiting your account page on either the TPF or Service Provider website, as applicable.

To customize your experience, content, advertising, or homepage on the Services, including providing engaging and consistent experiences across the Services and  providing you with more relevant content;

To enforce the legal terms (including without limitation our Terms and Privacy Policy) that govern your use of our Services, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the Information;

To generate aggregate statistical studies to analyze how the Services are used, to gauge efficiency of email communications, and to conduct research which may be used in connection with our programs and activities, including in marketing our Services and programs to you or to third parties; and

For any other purpose(s) described to you at the time you provide your personally identifiable information to us.
We will retain information collected from you for as long as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements

With Whom We Share Information Collected
We may share the information collected from you for the following purposes:

With Service Providers that we have engaged to provide certain functions related to the Services; provided, that such Service Providers are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes, except as described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise authorized by you.

With Service Providers so they can provide, improve and communicate with you about their own, or their marketing partners’ products and services. For example, for Poetry magazine subscribers our Service Provider, Palm Coast Data, may share your contact information with its partners to send you offers about other magazine subscriptions. You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time by following the “unsubscribe” instructions at the bottom of each email or by changing the privacy settings in your account.

To conform or comply with the law, or if we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a court order or subpoena, to cooperate with investigations by law enforcement or regulatory authorities or to participate or cooperate with a judicial proceeding, to enforce applicable Terms, or in urgent circumstances, to protect the safety of persons or property, including but not limited to, the Services.

If we merge with or are acquired by another organization or entity, or assign all or part of our Services to another organization or entity, TPF may disclose and transfer your personal information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
We also may share information in an aggregated non-personally identifiable manner with third parties and such third parties may further share such aggregated non-personally identifiable information further in connection with their own marketing, products, and services.

Choice/Opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter or other email communications from us, you may opt out of receiving these communications by following the “unsubscribe” instructions at the bottom of each email or by changing the settings in your account, as applicable.
From time to time, it may be necessary for us to send out service-related announcements. For example, if one of our Services is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send users an email notice regarding the suspension. Generally, users may not opt out of these communications unless they deactivate their account.

Blogs and Community Forums
Our Services may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums or other public areas where users may submit information and content. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from a blog or community forum, contact us as noted above. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so.
Our blogs and community forums also may be managed by a third-party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to such blogs. You will need to contact or login to the third-party application if you want the personally identifiable information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third-party application uses your information, please review its privacy policy.

Links
The Services may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Services and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected on this website or through the Services.

Policy Regarding Children
The Services are not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age, unless such information is provided by a parent or guardian. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under the age of 14 without the appropriate consent, we will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records.

Security
We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Updating and Deleting Personally Identifiable Information; Data Retention
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our services, you may correct, update, amend, or delete certain information by making the change on your member information page (if applicable) or by contacting us at the address below.
We will retain information collected from you for as long as needed to provide you services, conduct research and aggregate data related to our programs and activities, or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

Your California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, a California resident who has provided personally identifiable information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship has the right to request certain information regarding the disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write us at the address provided below.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion, subject to any applicable laws. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to see if modifications have been made.  Any modification is effective immediately upon posting on the applicable Service. Your continued use of the relevant Service following modification of this Privacy Policy will be conclusively deemed to signify your acceptance of the modification.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either by email (sent to the email address specified in your account, if applicable) or by means of a notice on the applicable website or Service

Contact
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
The Poetry Foundation 61 W. Superior St.
	Chicago, IL 60654
info@poetryfoundation.org

