
Effective Date: May 25, 2018. For a summary of the most recent changes to our Privacy Policy, please click here.
This Privacy Policy explains which personal data we (GoPro, Inc.) collect and how we use such personal data when you use the GoPro website (https://gopro.com/) and/or any of GoPro’s online or mobile products (including the GoPro mobile apps), GoPro hardware or software, or other services (“Services”).  The controller according to Art. 4 (7) of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is GoPro, Inc. (3000 Clearview Way, San Mateo, CA 94402, Email: privacy@gopro.com).
We will post any modifications or changes to the Privacy Policy on the GoPro website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review it frequently. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on the GoPro website or via push notifications within our mobile applications prior to the changes taking effect. We regularly update our software applications (including our mobile and desktop applications) to make improvements, including improvements that better serve your privacy rights. To ensure that this Privacy Policy accurately reflects your use of the Services you will need to ensure that you are using the most recent release of the GoPro’s software applications.

1. GoPro International Compliance

We may process, transfer and store your information in the United States and in other locations outside of the European Economic Area. Any transfer of your data to the United States or another location outside the European Economic Area will be in compliance with applicable European data protection laws. In respect of transfers to the United States comply with the E.U. – U.S. and Swiss U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, details of which are set out in Section 13 below. In order to safeguard data transfers to other recipients located outside of the European Economic Area and in order to grant sufficient protection of your Personal Data in this context, we use standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission according to Art. 46 (2)(c) GDPR. You can find out more about those by contacting us at GoPro Privacy Team, 3000 Clearview Way, San Mateo, CA 94402, Email: privacy@gopro.com.  

2.  The Information We Collect

Information You Provide
GoPro collects a variety of information that you provide directly to us, including personal  data that may be contained in any videos, comments, or other submission you upload or post to the Services. “Personal Data” is information that identifies you and which is collected in the context of:

Account registration and administration of your GoPro account (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: Name and email address);
Uploads or posts to the Services (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: any Personal Data included within the content that you upload or post);
Contest registration and prize acceptance (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: Name, postal address, payment details, telephone number and email address);
Customer support and technical assistance (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: Name, postal address, geo-location, IP address, serial number, telephone number and email address);
Processing your order for products or Services offered by GoPro (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: Name, postal address, billing address, payment details, telephone number and email address);
Registration for your GoPro products (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: Name, postal address, telephone number, device ID, serial number, and email address);
Obtaining GoPro device (such as a camera) firmware and application software updates (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: Name and serial number);
Newsletter subscriptions (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: Name, postal address and email address);
Access to GoPro products or Services on social networks or third party services (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: Those categories of data that you provide in accordance with your settings on the social networks or third party services); or
Services provided online or by way of the GoPro software (in which case we collect the following categories of personal data: Name, postal address, billing address, payment details, telephone number and email address).


3. Information We Automatically Collect

When you use GoPro’s Services that connect to the Internet, including but not limited to, when you access the Services via GoPro devices, applications (web, mobile, desktop software, cloud services, connected TV and games console), your GoPro account, and our websites and web store, we collect the Personal Data from you as described in the following. Such information includes aggregated user data (which does not allow us to identify you), as described in more detail in the following. We also use third party analytics providers and technologies to assist in collecting this information, as further disclosed in the Cookie Policy.
When you use our websites (including our web store), we collect and analyze the following information about your computer or mobile device: Your browser type, IP address, a mobile device identifier (e.g., a IDFA on Apple products like the iPhone and iPad or similar advertising identifiers), browser language, operating system, error logs, and other similar information.
When you connect your GoPro device (such as a camera) to the Internet or to a GoPro desktop software application (discussed below), we automatically receive information about your GoPro device and your use of it, including camera type, serial number, IP address, firmware version, camera modes, settings, durations, error rates, and other similar usage information.

Mobile Software Applications

When you use a GoPro mobile application we automatically receive certain information about your mobile device and use of the application, including a mobile device identifier (e.g., a IDFA on Apple products like the iPhone and iPad or similar advertising identifiers), operating system, version, IP address and other similar information, such as time spent in different portions of the GoPro mobile application and error rates.

GoPro Desktop Software Applications

Our desktop software, including but not limited to Quik Desktop App, automatically sends data about usage of the service or the software when it connects to the Internet. This information includes information about your computer such as operating system, IP address, technical specifications, and data related to your use of the service or the GoPro software on the computer such as time spent in different portions of the GoPro desktop application and error rates.

Connected TV Applications


When you use a GoPro TV app, we collect and analyze information such as operating system, IP address, the number of clicks, videos viewed and liked, the amount of time spent on particular videos and the app, error logs, and other similar information. 
When you install our mobile applications, you will if legally required be asked for your consent to grant access to your mobile device’s geolocation data. If you grant such permission, we will collect information about your geolocation and will use that information to customize the Services with location-based information and features. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Moreover, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your mobile device, provided your mobile device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer’s instructions for further details.
Some GoPro devices (like our cameras and drones) have geolocation functionality that enables you to automatically associate your location with the content that you create on that GoPro device.  On such devices you will be asked for your consent to activate the GoPro device’s geolocation functionality. If you grant such permission, any content that you create on that GoPro device will have the location where the content was created embedded on the content file. If you no longer wish to use the geolocation functionality you can disable it in the GoPro device’s settings.

Information from Other Sources

If you connect to a third party network (such as a social network), platform, or service through the Services, you are asked to authorize us to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information (such as name, email address and location) that you agreed the network or other third party platform could provide to GoPro based on your settings on the third party network or platform. You will be asked for your consent when you connect with the third party network, platform, or service via our Services, and/or when you connect with one of our applications through one of these services.
You can revoke your consent at any time with future affect which will not affect the processing of your Personal Data being undertaken until the withdrawal by contacting us at privacy@gopro.com.

4.  Cookies and Similar Technologies

GoPro uses the Personal Data that it collects as further described in Section 2 above for the purposes and on the legal basis as described in the following:
Customer Service - Based upon the Personal Data you provide us at the time of GoPro account registration or purchase, we will send you a confirmation email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your GoPro account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your preferences.
Such processing of your Personal Data is necessary for the performance of our Services; the legal basis for such processing of your Personal Data is therefore Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Please note that you are contractually required to provide us with such Personal Data and that without such Personal Data we will not be able to send you order-related communications.
Newsletters, Social Media Campaigns, Special Offers and Updates - Only with your prior consent, we will occasionally send you information on products, services, special promotions, contests, events, customer satisfaction surveys and opportunities to interact with GoPro and our community. You can sign up to receive these emails and social media campaigns from us on our newsletter sign up page and/or during checkout while purchasing a product. You have the option to opt-out of these types of communications at any time.
The legal basis for such processing of your Personal Data is therefore your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). Please note that you are not legally required to provide us with your Personal Data. However, without your Personal Data we will not be able to send you our newsletters and other information as described above.
Service-Related Announcements - We will send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your GoPro account.
Such processing of your Personal Data is necessary for the performance of our Services; the legal basis for such processing of your Personal Data is therefore Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Please note that you are contractually required to provide us with such Personal Data and that without such Personal Data we will not be able to send you order-related communications.
GoPro Personalization Services – Only with your prior consent, we use the information which we collect when you access the Services via GoPro devices, applications (web, mobile, desktop software, cloud services, connected TV and games console), your GoPro account, and our websites and web store to create profiles and to further personalize and improve the Services for you, such as by providing personalized customer support (e.g. to access your GoPro device logs to troubleshoot a technical issue you have experienced), delivering in-application messages and promotions, recommending features, and tailoring content and advertising to you.
The legal basis for such processing of your Personal Data is therefore your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). Please note that you are not legally required to provide us with your consent. However, without your Personal Data we will not be able to offer you our GoPro personalization services as described above.
Order-Related Communications - If you place an order, we will use your name and email address to send you an order confirmation email, a shipping confirmation email.
Such processing of your Personal Data is necessary for the performance of our Services; the legal basis for such processing of your Personal Data is therefore Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Please note that you are contractually required to provide us with such Personal Data and that without such Personal Data we will not be able to send you order-related communications. 

6. Sharing and Disclosure of Information

GoPro does not share, sell, transfer or otherwise disseminate your Personal Data to third parties, unless required by law according to Art. 6 (1)(c) GDPR, unless required for the purpose of your contract according to Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR or unless you have given us express consent to do so according to Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR.
We use other third party service providers to offer or facilitate services on our behalf and share your Personal Data with such providers to the extent necessary for such providers to perform their services on our behalf., In particular, we are using a shipping company to fulfil orders, an Ecommerce platform to a provide our web store, a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services, cloud based enterprise resource planning software providers to record and manage web store sales and subscriptions, cloud based customer relationship management software to enable us to record and plan our customer interactions, a cloud based subscription software provider to automate our subscription billing, a data center to administer all online aspects of the Services, a cloud based storage provider to store any content that you upload to your GoPro account, an accounts payable provider to process any payments that we make to you, a social media agency to manage our social campaigns, a data onboarding company to implement our social campaigns, email service providers to send out emails on our behalf, an in app messaging provider to send out mobile app notifications on our behalf and a web messaging provider to serve messages while you browse GoPro.com. When you order products from GoPro, we will share your Personal Data as necessary for such third party services providers to provide the applicable service to us or on our behalf. Any sharing of your Personal Data with such third party service providers will be made in accordance with applicable data protection laws and will be limited to the extent necessary. These third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Data any other purposes than those described herein.
We may be required to disclose your information to government or law enforcement officials in response to a lawful request by a public authority or if we have to do so to comply with a legal obligation, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements according to Art. 6 (1)(c) GDPR. We can also disclose your information in order to pursue our legitimate interest in applying or enforcing our terms and conditions or in responding to any claims, in protecting our rights or the rights of a third party, in protecting the safety of any person or in preventing any illegal activity (including for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction) according to Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. If you have any further questions regarding the balancing test in connection with Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, please contact us at the contact details set out in Section 16 below.  

GoPro provides you with a number of choices with respect to the information we collect and use as discussed throughout this Policy.  Some of your choices include:

Marketing Communications. If you purchase a product but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form by leaving the “Opt-In” checkbox blank. If you have opted-in, but no longer wish to receive our newsletters, social media campaigns and promotional emails, you may opt out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or email or by contacting customer support at http://GoPro.com/support/.
GoPro Personalization Services.  As discussed in depth in Section 5, GoPro may use the information we have collected from and about you to personalize your GoPro experience. If you do not want GoPro to provide such personalized services, you may opt out through your GoPro account settings by disabling the Send Personalization Data tab. 
Tailored Online Advertising Opt-Out.  GoPro strives to provide the public with relevant, value-added content in the form of online advertisements. However, we respect the wishes of anyone who does not want to be tracked by third party advertising companies online. For information on how to opt out of cookie-based online advertising and analytics programs, please refer to our Cookie Policy.


At times, we may post customer testimonials on our website. You should not include personal information into such testimonials and in particular use a "nick name" instead of your real name.

9. User-Generated Content

You may be able to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content on publicly-available areas of the Services. This includes, but is not limited to: your uploaded photos or videos, full name, email address, phone number, address, interests and content that you have favorited. Your photo or video files may also contain your narrations and captions, as well as data regarding your precise geo-location or information from a fitness device (e.g., your heart rate as you sky-dived) if you have chosen to manually associate this data with your video (e.g., by connecting your camera to a fitness device or by overlaying fitness information on your video in Quik Desktop App). Your content will also be shared with users of other social media services to which you have chosen to share, consistent with your privacy settings on those services. Such information is unencrypted, public information, may be accessed or recorded by us, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in such information.  Any information, including your Personal Data you submit in the course of such activities can be read, collected, or used by other users. We cannot control how other users of our Services such as Plus, Quik and Awards might use your information. We especially cannot prevent you receiving unwanted messages from other users. If you wish that a specific content generated by you shall be removed from publicly-available areas of our Services, please contact us at privacy@gopro.com.
All Personal Data posted on publicly-available areas of our Services are processed in order to provide you with the respective Service according to Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR.
If you submit your video or other content to GoPro, we may publish it on the GoPro website or applications along with certain Personal Data identifying you, e.g., your first and last name or your username provided that you have given us permission to do so. For more information relating to the terms governing your user generated content, please see our Terms of Use.
The legal basis for such processing of your Personal Data is therefore your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). Please note that you are not legally required to provide us with your Personal Data. However, without your Personal Data we will not be able to attribute the submitted content to you described above.

10. Information About Your Rights

You have the following rights:

Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR): You have the right to request confirmation as to whether or not your Personal Data is being processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to the Personal Data and information such as the purposes of the processing or the categories of Personal Data concerned.
Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR): You have the right to request the correction of inaccurate Personal Data.
Right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR): You have the right to request erasure of Personal Data without undue delay under certain circumstances, e.g. if your Personal Data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or if you withdraw consent on which processing is based according to Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR and where there is no other legal ground for processing.
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR): You have the right to request us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances, e.g. if you think that the Personal Data we process about you is incorrect or unlawful.
Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR): Under certain circumstances, you have the right to receive your Personal Data you have provided us with, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit that information to another controller without hindrance or ask us to do so.
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR):

You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances in particular if we process your Personal Data on the basis on legitimate interest (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR) or if we use your personal data for marketing purposes.
You may assert those rights at any time by logging into your GoPro account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info. You may also email us to correct or change any information or request which Personal Data (e.g. name, address) we have stored or to assert any other of your rights as mentioned above by filling out our contact form located at https://gopro.com/support/ or by emailing us at privacy@gopro.com

11. Right to Lodge a Complaint Before the Data Protection Authority

You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes the applicable data protection laws. Please contact us at privacy@gopro.com and we will provide you with detailed information as regards the contact details of the respective competent supervisory authority.

12. Third Party Website Links and Features

GoPro’s Services may contain links to or features from other websites. This Privacy Policy covers the privacy practices by GoPro, and does not cover the privacy practices of third party websites or features.  GoPro is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of third parties.  When linking to another Site or using a third party service, you should read the privacy policy on that site or service.  To the extent certain third party website features are available on the GoPro Services, the following terms apply:
Twitter
We use a Twitter widget (provided by Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) to enable users to easily share content found on GoPro.com by sending a Tweet via their Twitter account. By using this widget, the webpages you viewed will be connected with your Twitter account and disclosed to other users. This includes the sharing of certain information with Twitter.  Please see Twitter's privacy policy at https://twitter.com/privacy for more on the type of information tracked by Twitter via this feature - in particular, the section titled "Widget Data", and your respective control rights.
Our GoPro mobile application and Quik mobile application also use Twitter. This functionality enables you to share content through Twitter. This includes the sharing of certain information with Twitter. Twitter might store this data in the U.S. Should you not agree with this, you should not use Twitter. Please see Twitter's privacy policy at https://twitter.com/privacy for more on the type of information tracked by Twitter.
Facebook
Facebook Like Button: We use a Facebook Like button social plug-in (provided by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA) to enable our website users to easily "Like" content found on GoPro.com, and thereby share this content with their Facebook Friends. Whenever you view a page of our website containing such plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers operated by Facebook. As a result, the content of the social plug-in is transferred by Facebook directly to your browser and embedded in the website being shown. If you visit our website whilst signed into your Facebook user account, information concerning your visit will be transferred to Facebook and Facebook can assign your visit to our website to your account. Please note that a data transfer is triggered already when you visit our website, irrespective whether you interact with the plug-in. Information arising from interaction with the Facebook plug-ins (such as by clicking the Facebook “like” button or by leaving a comment) will be directly transferred to and stored by Facebook. To prevent this you must log out of your Facebook account before visiting our website. Please refer to Facebook’s privacy policy at http://.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php for more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and data analysis undertaken by Facebook as well as your options to modify settings and how to protect your privacy.
Facebook Connect: Our website also uses Facebook Connect, offered by Facebook, Inc. This functionality enables you to use your Facebook account to log into your GoPro account on our website and other websites without additional registration.
By using Facebook Connect, Facebook will have access to certain of your Personal Data, in particular your encrypted email address and other information relating to your account. Facebook might store this data also in the U.S. In turn, GoPro might get access to your publicly available Facebook profile data. Should you not agree with this, you should not use Facebook Connect. In this case, you can continue to log into your GoPro account via our website. Please see Facebook’s privacy policy for further details at http://.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php. 
Facebook Messenger: Our Quik mobile application also uses Facebook Messenger, offered by Facebook, Inc. This functionality enables you to share content through the Facebook Messenger application.
By using Facebook Messenger, Facebook will have access to certain of your Personal Data, in particular your email address. Facebook might store this data in the U.S. Should you not agree with this, you should not use Facebook Messenger. Please see Facebook’s privacy policy for further details at http://.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php. 
Google
Google +1 Button: We use the Google +1 button social plug-in (provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) to enable our website users to easily "+" content found on GoPro.com, and thereby share this content within the Google platform. Whenever you view a page of our website containing such plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers operated by Google +. As a result, the content of the social plug-in is transferred by Google + directly to your browser and embedded in the website being shown. If you visit our website whilst signed into your Goolge + user account, information concerning your visit will be transferred to Google + and Google + can assign your visit to our website to your account. Please note that a data transfer is triggered already when you visit our website, irrespective whether you interact with the plug-in. Information arising from interaction with the Google + plug-ins (such as by clicking the Google + button or by leaving a comment) will be directly transferred to and stored by Google +. To prevent this you must log out of your Google + account before visiting our website. Please refer to the privacy policy of Google + at http://www.google.com/intl/policies/privacy/ for more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and data analysis undertaken by Google + as well as your options to modify settings and how to protect your privacy.
Sign In with Google: Our website also uses Sign In with Google, offered by Google, Inc. This functionality enables you to use your Google + account to log into your GoPro account on our website and other websites without additional registration.
By using Sign In with Google, Google will have access to certain of your Personal Data, in particular your encrypted email address and other information relating to your account. Google might store these data also in the U.S. In turn, Go Pro might get access to your publicly available Google + profile data. Should you not agree with this, you should not use Sign In with Google. In this case, you can continue to log into your GoPro account via our website. Please see Google's privacy policy for further details at http://www.google.com/intl/policies/privacy/.
Instagram
Our GoPro mobile application and Quik mobile application also uses Instagram (provided by Instagram LLC. of 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, California 94025. United States of America). This functionality enables you to share content through the Instagram application.
By using Instagram, Instagram will have access to certain of your Personal Data, in particular your email address. Instagram might store this data in the U.S. Should you not agree with this, you should not use Instagram. Please see Instagram’s privacy policy for further details at https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/before-january-19-2013/. 
Pinterest
We use the Pinterest "Pin it" button (provided by Pinterest, Inc., 808 Brannan St, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) to enable you to share content of our website. Whenever you view a page of our website containing such plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers operated by Pinterest. As a result, the content of the social plug-in is transferred by Pinterest directly to your browser and embedded in the website being shown. If you visit our website whilst signed into your Pinterest user account, information concerning your visit will be transferred to Pinterest and Pinterest can assign your visit to our website to your account. Please note that a data transfer is triggered already when you visit our website, irrespective whether you interact with the plug-in. Information arising from interaction with the Pinterest plug-ins (such as by clicking the Pin it button) will be directly transferred to and stored by Pinterest. To prevent this you must log out of your Pinterest account before visiting our website. Please refer to the privacy policy of Pinterest at http://pinterest.com/about/privacy/ for more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and data analysis undertaken by Pinterest as well as your options to modify settings and how to protect your privacy.
Whatsapp
Our Quik mobile application also uses Whatsapp (provided by Whatsapp, Inc. of 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, California 94025. United States of America). This functionality enables you to share content through the Whatsapp application.
By using Whatsapp, Whatsapp will have access to certain of your Personal Data, in particular your mobile phone number. Whatsapp might store this data in the U.S. Should you not agree with this, you should not use Whatsapp. Please see Whatsapp’s privacy policy for further details at https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/#privacy-policy. 
WeChat
WeChat Contacts: Our Quik mobile application also uses a WeChat (provided by Tencent Holdings Limited of Tencent Seafront Towers, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China (“Tencent”)). By using WeChat, Tencent will have access to certain of your Personal Data, in particular your mobile phone number and email address. This functionality enables you to share content with your WeChat contacts through the WeChat application. Tencent might store this data in China. Should you not agree with this, you should not use WeChat. Please see the WeChat privacy policy for further details at https://www.wechat.com/en/privacy_policy.html. 
WeChat Moments: Our Quik mobile application also uses a WeChat Moments. This functionality enables you to share content through WeChat Moments in the WeChat application. By using WeChat Moments, Tencent will have access to certain of your Personal Data, in particular your mobile phone number and email address. Tencent might store this data in China. Should you not agree with this, you should not use WeChat. Please see the WeChat privacy policy for further details at https://www.wechat.com/en/privacy_policy.html. 
Vimeo (Videos)
Our website uses Vimeo plug-ins (provided by Vimeo LCC, 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA) to enable you to share content of our website. Whenever you view a page of our website containing such plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers operated by Vimeo and the plug-in is displayed on our website. As a result, Vimeo will receive information which of our websites you have visited. If you visit our website whilst signed into your Vimeo user account, Vimeo can assign information concerning your visit to our website to your account. Information arising from interaction with the Vimeo plug-ins (such as clicking or starting videos or posting a comment) will also be assigned by Vimeo to your Vimeo user account. To prevent this you must log out of your Vimeo account before visiting our website. Please refer to the privacy policy of Pinterest at http://vimeo.com/privacy for more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and data analysis undertaken by Vimeo as well as your options to modify settings and how to protect your privacy.
YouTube (Videos)
We use YouTube plug-ins (provided by YouTube (Google, Inc.), 901 Cherry Ave., Second Floor, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA) to enable you to share content of our website. Whenever you view a page of our website containing such plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers operated by YouTube and the plug-in is displayed on our website. As a result, YouTube will receive information which of our websites you have visited. If you visit our website whilst signed into your YouTube user account, YouTube can assign information concerning your visit to our website to your account. Information arising from interaction with the YouTube plug-ins (such as clicking or starting videos or posting a comment) will also be assigned by YouTube to your YouTube user account. To prevent this you must log out of your YouTube account before visiting our website. Please refer to the privacy policy of YouTube at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ for more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and data analysis undertaken by YouTube as well as your options to modify settings and how to protect your privacy.
Tumblr
We use Tumblr plug-ins (provided by Tumblr, Inc., 35 E 21st Street, 10th Floor, New York City, NY 10010, USA) to enable you to share content of our website. Whenever you view a page of our website containing such plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers operated by Tumblr and the plug-in is displayed on our website. As a result, Tumblr will receive information which of our websites you have visited. If you visit our website whilst signed into your Tumblr user account, Tumblr can assign information concerning your visit to our website to your account. Information arising from interaction with the Tumblr plug-ins (such as clicking or starting videos or posting a comment) will also be assigned by Tumblr to your Tumblr user account. To prevent this you must log out of your Tumblr account before visiting our website. Please refer to the privacy policy of Tumblr at https://www.tumblr.com/policy/en/privacy for more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and data analysis undertaken by Tumblr as well as your options to modify settings and how to protect your privacy.

13. Privacy Shield - EU – US Data Transfers and Swiss – US Data Transfers 

GoPro is also an international business with multi-national operations, systems, and processes. If you are located outside the United States and provide Personal Data to us, GoPro will transfer your Personal Data to the United States and process it in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
Our Obligations to you under the Privacy Shield
GoPro has applied for self-certification with the EU-U.S and Swiss U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks.
GoPro complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks (“Privacy Shield”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and Swiss Federal Counsel regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data GoPro receives from European Union member countries and Switzerland.
GoPro has certified that it adheres to the following Privacy Shield Principles of (1) Notice; (2) Choice; (3) Accountability for Onward Transfer; (4) Security; (5) Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation; (6) Access; and (7) Recourse, Enforcement and Liability in respect of any Personal Data received from the European Union and Switzerland.
We collect and process data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please see Section 2 for further details of the types of data which we collect from you and the purposes for which we collect it in Section 4.
If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page on the Privacy Shield List, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
The following U.S subsidiaries of GoPro Inc, also adhere to the Privacy Shield and collect data in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy:
GoPro Care Inc.
GoPro Care Services Inc.
Accountability and Liability for Onward Transfer
GoPro is required to take certain steps when transferring Personal Data received from the European Union and Switzerland to third parties (such as including necessary contractual provisions in our third party contracts).   GoPro may be potentially liable in cases of onward transfer of EU and Swiss individuals' data received pursuant to the Privacy Shield to third parties. 
Privacy Complaints Handling, Recourse and Enforcement
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, GoPro commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Data (without charge to you).  European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact us at:
Email address - privacy@gopro.com
We will respond to any complaints as soon as possible and within 45 days.
We encourage EU and Swiss individuals who have questions or complaints about how we process their Personal Data under Privacy Shield to contact us at privacy@gopro.com. We will work to resolve your issue as quickly as possible, but in any event within 45 days of receipt. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use complaints that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact, free of charge, our dispute resolution provider, JAMS, at https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim. If you are an EU or Swiss individual and unable to resolve any complaints through any of the above methods, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration through a Privacy Shield panel, in accordance with the Privacy Shield Framework at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, in certain limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available.
GoPro is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission in the case of any failure to comply with the Privacy Shield.  

14. How we Protect Your Personal Information

The security of your Personal Data is important to us. We have implemented state of the art administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information. This includes encrypting our Services using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and restricting access to Personal Data to GoPro employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations.  Despite our best efforts, however, no security measures are completely impenetrable.

We delete or anonymize your Personal Data as soon as it is no longer required for the purposes we have collected your Personal Data as outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless further processing or storage of your Personal Data is necessary in order to comply with a respective legal obligation. For more information on the different categories of Personal Data and their respective retention periods, please contact privacy@gopro.com. 

14. Automated individual decision-making, including profiling

We don’t use your Personal Data to make decisions with legal or similar effects for you based only on the automated processing of your Personal Data.

If you wish to contact us or have any questions about or complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following contact details:
GoPro, Inc.
 3000 Clearview Way
 San Mateo, CA
 94402, USA
Email: privacy@gopro.com


