
Privacy & security
Information Privacy
The Queensland Museum is committed to the protection of personal information collected though its website. This statement outlines how information collected through this site is used and stored.   Further information about the types of information collected and stored by the Queensland Museum can be found in the Queensland Museum Privacy Guidelines (501 KB) .
Security
If you are providing personal details, credit card numbers, or other information over the internet we will make all attempts to secure that information. There is still a possibility that information you submit could be observed by a third party while in transit. 
Our online store uses a payment gateway called eWAY for financial transactions. If you are concerned about the use of cookies for transactional requirements please read the eWAY Privacy Policy before commencing an online transaction.
Information collected on the Queensland Museum website
This is a Queensland Government website. When you visit our website, Google Analytics (our web management tool) and Internet Service Providers uses cookies to collect anonymous statistical information.  This information includes your traffic patterns through our site, the pages you accessed and documents downloaded. 
No attempt is or will be made to identify your personal details except in the event of an investigation when a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect our service providers' logs.
Email addresses
Email correspondence sent to this site will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the Public Records Act 2002 and other relevant regulations.
We will only record your email address if you send us a message and it will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it. Unless you ask us to, we will not include your email address in a mailing list. We will not use your email address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it without your consent, unless required by law. 
Access to Personal Information
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal information about you. You can also ask for a copy of this personal information and there is no charge to do this. Before providing you with any personal data we will ask you to provide evidence of your identity. 
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. The Queensland Museum is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites. 
Contact details
If you have any questions about our privacy statement or practices, please contact: 
The Privacy Officer Queensland Museum PO Box 3300 South Brisbane Q 4101 Australia Fax: 61 (0)7 3846 1918 Email: privacy@qm.qld.gov.au


 

