
Privacy & securityInformation Privacy
Queensland Museum respects your privacy and adheres to a strict privacy policy in accordance with the Information Privacy
Act 2009 (Qld). For more information you can read our privacy policy or contact us at privacy@qm.qld.gov.au
Queensland Museum is committed to the protection of personal information collected though its systems and services including
the website, customer database,  subscriptions, surveys and emails. This statement outlines how information collected
through this site is used and stored.   Further information about the types of information collected and stored
by the Queensland Museum can be found in the
Queensland Museum Privacy Guidelines (188 KB) .
Security
If you are providing personal details, credit card numbers, or other information over the internet we will make all attempts
to secure that information. Our online store uses a payment gateway called eWAY for financial transactions. If you
are concerned about the use of cookies for transactional requirements please read the 
eWAY Privacy Policy before commencing an online transaction.
Information collected on the Queensland Museum website
This is a Queensland Government website. When you visit our website, Google Analytics (our web management tool) and Internet
Service Providers uses cookies to collect anonymous statistical information.  This information includes your traffic
patterns through our site, the pages you accessed and documents downloaded. 
No attempt is or will be made to identify your personal details except in the event of an investigation when a law enforcement
agency may exercise a warrant to inspect our service providers' logs.
Website analytics
The Museum uses Google Analytics (including display advertising features) on our website to gather unidentifiable information
about visitors to our website. When you visit web pages, your browser automatically sends information to Google. Examples
of the information include the web address of the page that you're visiting, your IP address. Google may also use cookies.
We use this data to analyse the pages that are visited, to improve your experience and make sure our website is useful. You
can read more about how
Google uses data.
You can choose not to allow Google to collect your information by
opting out of Google Analytics. 
Queensland Museum Network may use web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from users
of the Museum’s web sites, including ticketing services, and use that information to provide measurement services
and target relevant advertising content to users.
Website users can
opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by accessing these websites and updating preferences.
Email addresses
Email correspondence sent to this site will be treated as a public record and will be securely managed by the Queensland
Museum as required by the 
Public Records Act 2002 and other relevant legislation and regulations such as the Information Privacy Act 2009
and Right to Information Act 2009. 
If you subscribe to a mailing list we will use the data you provide to send you relevant and targeted information about the
Network’s services and activities. We will never sell your data or disclose your personally identifiable information
to external agencies unless required by law.

Access to Personal Information

You can ask us whether we are keeping personal information about you. You can also ask for a copy of this personal information
and there is no charge to do this. Before providing you with any personal data we will ask you to provide evidence of
your identity. 
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. The Queensland Museum is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of other web sites. 
Contact details
If you have any questions about our privacy statement or practices, please contact: 
The Privacy Officer

Queensland Museum

PO Box 3300

South Brisbane Q 4101 Australia

Fax: 61 (0)7 3846 1918

Email:
privacy@qm.qld.gov.au



 

