Privacy Policy for the Bounty (UK) Limited Website (“Website”), Pregnancy Application (“App”) and services used by registered Bounty member (“Bounty Member Services”)

The nature of our Website, App and of the Bounty Member Services means that we may gather, use and disclose (as applicable, dependent on the service used) certain personal information you provide to us.   This statement sets out the principles governing our use of your personal information.
By using our Website, App and the Bounty Member Services you agree to this use. In the case of the App and Bounty Member Services your information will be used in accordance with your stated preferences which may be changed at any time in your user profile.
Notice regarding the App
The App is not intended for users under 13 years of age. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the App from visitors in this age group. We do however collect information about children from their parents. We ask that our users do not provide information about a child without first obtaining consent from the child’s parents. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the App.

Website

When you use our Website, we gather certain information about you including details of your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address, the URL you came from and go to and the parts of the Website you visit. We may also gather statistics, traffic patterns and related website information. We may use such data or disclose it to third parties for marketing, advertising, profiling or other promotional purposes.

A cookie is a small file, which is stored by our browser on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies in accordance with our Cookies Policy which can be found here. We use cookies to store information such as your user ID and your session identifiers. Our site is designed to bring you personalised content and communications. 

You may change your cookies settings by following the instructions set out in the Cookie Policy. However, if you select this setting your experience of the website may be affected. For example, you may be unable to access certain parts of the website, the website will not be tailored to bring you the most relevant communications and you will need to log in each time you use the website rather than remain logged in. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website.

Security

The security of your personal information is very important to us, and we take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information.  We cannot guarantee the security of any personal information you disclose online and any transmission of your personal information is at your own risk. You accept the inherent security implications of providing information online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default.
We take the following precautions on the Pregnancy Application to make sure that your data cannot be accessed or altered:
• Data encrypted in transit
• Data encrypted in storage
• Industry standard internal security protocols

Control
The App and Website allow you to access amend and/or delete any personal information you have provided us with at any time by editing your profile.

App and Bounty Member Services - Information we collect 
If you register with us via any channel, we collect the following details: email address, a password, postcode, your name, date of birth, postal address and, if you choose to tell us, whether you are pregnant, have children, and if so the number of children and their ages. 
This personal information enables Bounty to tailor the service you receive, improve the service we offer  and for the purpose of marketing communications.  

Subject to your set preferences, we may do the following:
• Keep internal records and improve our services
• Contact you with relevant news and articles related to your pregnancy and/ or child
• Contact you with competitions and offers, vouchers or other information you may find of interest Contact you for research purposes 
• Offer relevant information and/or offers to you based on your location  
• Subject to you setting certain preferences when prompted and providing your consent, we may transfer or disclose your personal information to selected third parties (including some outside of the European Economic Area) who may contact you with details of products or services which may interest you. You may do this by giving your consent to being contacted by third parties by opting in for such communications either during the registration process via the App, on the Website or via another of the Bounty Member Services.   

Your preferences may be changed at any time in your user profile. If you have opted to receive marketing from selected third parties this will include companies within the following industries/retail sectors and will include the companies listed here: charitable organisations, comparison websites, general retailers, fashion and leisure goods, financial services providers, household goods, insurance providers, health and welfare, mobile telecommunication companies, travel and leisure pursuits, marketing agencies, electricity, gas, water and multi-utility companies, general marketing, food producers, automotive and professional photography.

Marketing Communications

From time to time, depending on the preferences you have set, we may contact you via email or via direct mail (through the post).  These communications may be sent by ourselves or by a third party and you have the opportunity to opt out in the following ways:

Email and Direct Mail: 
1. By clicking the unsubscribe option at the bottom of the email - This will give you the option to choose between unsubscribing from Bounty and/ or from carefully selected third parties.
or 
2. Go to Bounty.com and log in via the button in the top right of the screen. Use the same email address and password as the one you used to register or log in on the App. Once logged in, edit your profile by clicking on your user name in the top right corner. You can then amend your contact preferences between Bounty and/ or carefully selected third parties.
or
3. Within the 'My Profile' section of the App, go to 'edit details' and select 'no' to receiving free samples and offers from third parties at the bottom of the screen. Currently using solely this method will not stop you from receiving messages from Bounty. This will be updated, but in the meantime please use one of the methods above to unsubscribe from Bounty messages. 


Pregnancy Application

Your Mobile Device: The device ID we collect is anonymised but we will collect information about the type of device and operating system version you are using
User Files: You do have the facility to upload a profile picture if you wish, but only when you are choosing a specific image, we will not have access to the files on your device
Your phone number: The App does not have the ability to gain your phone number, but you may have provided it to us on a different occasion. This will never be used for marketing communications.
Location Data: We collect data about your location with your consent so that we can tell you useful information. For example Bounty pack collection and your nearest hospital etc.
Health/Medical Data: We may collect information about your pregnancy if you share that with us.    
Analytics: Some information is collected passively as you navigate the App. We refer to these as measuring tools and they include logs and analytics software which help us to understand which pages you prefer. This information is anonymised. We use it to learn how you use the App so we can improve it in future updates.
We use a service called Localytics –  it is not possible to opt-out of reporting by Localytics. If you are not happy to be included in their reporting please do not use this app as there is not an opt-out facility. Your personal data is not shared with Localytics. For information on Localytics please visit their on their Privacy Policy at https://www.localytics.com/privacy-policy/ 
The data is only seen by us, however anonymised aggregated data may be shared with other third parties. We will measure the use of this app and other functions such as Bounty pack redemption.
App Notifications:  Within the 'My Profile' section section of the app, go to 'Customise my notifications'. 
Text Messages:  The App does not have the ability to gain your phone number, but you may have provided it to us on a different occasion. 
Location Services: If you give it your permission the App can access your location so it can serve content relevant to your location about Bounty offerings such as packs, hospital information, targeted offers etc.
This App does not share your location unless you give your permission.
Your device allows you to control whether this App accesses your location or not. You will be prompted to allow the App to access your location. If you wish to change this at any time after your initial choice please go to your device settings. 

We may make changes to our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes we may make in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
You may also ask us any further questions relating to our Privacy Policy by sending an email to privacy@bounty.com



