At Bounty, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy and security of our Bounty Members and visitors to our website.
We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is essential in order do that.
Bounty has been helping mums to understand, adapt to and enjoy their pregnancy and new family life for more than sixty years, originally providing free Bounty sample packs and in more recent times adding great digital resources like our app and website.
To do this we need to collect certain personal information and we think it’s really important that we help you understand the information we collect, how we use it, and how you have control over it.
We hope our Privacy Policy answers any questions you have, but if not, please do get in touch with us by emailing us at privacy@bounty.com.  For all our services, the data controller — the company that’s responsible for your privacy — is Bounty (UK) Limited.
It’s likely that we’ll need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time and whilst we’ll notify you of any significant changes, you’re welcome to come back and check it whenever you wish.
You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information, and we thought we'd start by setting these out for you:


The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like this notice!)
The right to access the personal information we hold about you. You can do this by contacting privacy@bounty.com
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you (although you can probably do most of this through My Profile or by contacting privacy@bounty.com) 
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through My Profile, and to change your preferences in respect of the processing of your data at any time
The right to complain to your data protection regulator — in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office

If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.


About your information


Firstly, we will not sell your personal information to anyone. 
We do work with a number of service providers who help us to deliver our services to you including the printers who print the beautiful newborn portraits taken in hospital, payment service providers which process payments and delivery companies which deliver Bounty Portrait orders to you. 
It is essential that we share certain information with these companies purely to enable us to provide our services to you.

Bounty Partners

Depending on which communications you have told us you would like to receive, we may, on behalf of other companies with whom we have trusted relationships (Bounty Partners), send you information about their products and services that we think you will be interested in. These communications will come direct from us and your personal data will stay safe and secure with us.
Our team are always looking for new partners that have information, offers and services to help you and your new family on your journey. This may include companies within the following industries/retail sectors:

automotive
charitable organisations,
comparison websites
electricity, gas, water and multi-utility companies
fashion and leisure goods
financial services providers
food producers
general marketing
general retailers
health and welfare
household goods
insurance providers
marketing agencies
mobile telecommunication companies
professional photography
travel and leisure pursuits

We always maintain an up to date list of the specific Bounty Partner companies that we are currently working with which can be found here.


What kind of information do we collect and why?

We use your information in a number of different ways — what we do depends on the information. The tables below set this out in detail showing what we do and why we do it
Your name and contact details






How we use your name and contact details 


Details 




Name, postal address, email address and phone number


Name, postal address and email address:
This may be used for marketing and/or service communications (depending on the preferences you have set)
Phone number: 
This will only ever be used for service communications e.g. regarding your Bounty Portrait order
We will never use your phone number for marketing purposes 




To send you your order if you purchase products or services from us. 


We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you .e.g. if you purchased products from our Bounty Portrait Service, or our on-line shop, Bounty Boutique, we need to use your address to send them to you




To send you service messages by text, e-mail or through our app, such as order updates


We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you i.e. so we can tell when your order is coming, or let you know if there are any problems with it




To send you information by email or post, about our and our Bounty Partners’ products and services


If you chose to join the Bounty Pregnancy & Parenting Club and said you would like to be contacted by post or email, to enable us to send you relevant communications 




To audit the distribution of our free Bounty Packs in hospital


We have a contractual obligation to the clients that provide the free samples in our hospital Bounty Packs, to ensure that our packs are being fairly distributed to real people. We never give your data to them






















































Information about you and your family






How we use details about you and your family 


Details 




Your date of birth:
Age validation
Account management
 
Personalisation when sending you information by email or post, about our and our Bounty Partner’s products and services


To confirm that you are old enough to join Bounty as regulation means that we cannot offer our services to anyone under the age of 16 
To help us to ensure that your data is held consistently across our systems
To personalise and ensure the relevance of the information and services that we provide to you e.g. some products and services are more popular with mums in different age groups 
 




Your due date, your baby’s date of birth, whether you are pregnant, have children, and if so the number of children and their ages and, once you have given birth, if you had a boy or a girl and your baby’s name:
Personalisation when sending you information by email, post or push notification, about our and our Bounty Partner’s products and services


We use this information to help personalise and ensure the relevance of the information and services we provide to you e.g. the weekly baby development emails or offers and promotions. 
We also analyse all of the beautiful first names that you give your new babies. We do this so that we can help other parents with that exciting but sometimes tricky task of choosing their own baby’s name e.g. publishing each year’s most popular names.        
You don’t have to give us this personal information but if you don’t you are unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience.  But that is your choice – and we respect that.




















































Your payment information




How we use your payment information 


Details 




Take payment and give refunds


We need to do this to perform our contract with you 




Your contact history with us
What you've said to us - for example, over the phone, on email, or on social media.




How we use your contact history 


Details 




Provide customer service and support


We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you, after all, you expect the best service from us




Train our staff


So that, when you contact us, you get the best possible customer service






When you use our App




How we use information about your mobile device, and how you use our app 


Details 




Your Mobile Device: The device ID we collect is anonymised but we will collect information about the type of device and operating system version you are using  


So that we can diagnose issues, which are sometimes specific to different types of mobile device and the versions of the operating system they are running. It also helps us to ensure the app gives you the best experience 




User Files: If you give us your permission the app can access your camera or your photos, but only when you are choosing a specific image for the purpose we are asking. We will not have access to the files on your device 


So that you can upload a profile picture 




 
Location Services: If you give it your permission the App can access your location. 
 
 


 
So that we can give you information relevant to your location e.g. your nearest hospital or vouchers and Bounty Packs that you can redeem from a location near to you  
 
Your device allows you to control whether our App accesses your location or not. You will be prompted to allow the App to access your location. If you wish to change this at any time after your initial choice you can do this in your device settings. 
 




 
Analytics: Some information is collected passively as you navigate the App. We refer to these as measuring tools and they include logs and analytics software which help us to understand how this information is anonymised. 
 


 
We use it to learn how you use the App so we can improve it in future updates e.g. which articles and features are most popular


We use a service called Localytics – it is not possible to opt-out of reporting by Localytics. If you are not happy to be included in reporting please do not use our app. Your personal data is not shared with Localytics. For information on Localytics please view their Privacy Policy at https://www.localytics.com/privacy-policy/ 

            The data is only seen by us, however anonymised aggregated data may be shared with other third parties e.g. to help  We will measure the use of this app and other functions such as Bounty Pack redemption 




App Notifications:  If you have given us permission we will send you push notifications 
 


To keep you up to date with what’s new in the app and other parts of your Bounty experience e.g. new offers and vouchers, new articles, when your next Bounty Pack is available etc. 
You can change these settings at any time within the 'My Profile' section of the app, go to 'Customise my notifications' 




Notice regarding the App
            The App is not intended for users under 16 years of age. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the App from visitors in this age group. We do however collect information about children from their parents. We ask that our users do not provide information about a child without first obtaining consent from the child’s parents. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the App.


 






When you use our Website




How we use information about your mobile device, and how you use our app 


Details 




When you use our Website, we gather certain information about you including details of your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address, the website (URL) you came from and go to and the parts of the Website you visit. We may also gather statistics, traffic patterns and related website information.  


So that we can diagnose issues, which are sometimes specific to different types of device you are using to access our site and the versions of the operating system and browser they are running 
We may also use it ensure the website gives you the best experience e.g. the content we show you and the advertisements that you see 




A cookie is a small file, which is stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies in accordance with our Cookies Policy which can be found here. 


We use cookies to store information such as your user ID and your session identifiers. Our site is designed to bring you personalised content and communications. 
You may change your cookies settings by following the instructions set out in the Cookie Policy. However, if you select this setting your experience of the website may be affected. For example, you may be unable to access certain parts of the website, the website will not be tailored to bring you the most relevant communications and you will need to log in each time you use the website rather than remain logged in. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website.




Analysis 


We use Google Analytics and Crazy Egg to capture information on how people interact with our Site.  This includes traffic patterns, purchases, and related Site information.  The information is for statistical purposes only.




We also anonymise and aggregate personal information (so that it does not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our site and app, and developing new products and services.







What kind of communications does Bounty send?


If you joined Bounty and have said that we can contact you, we’ll send you information by email, by app push notifications and / or through the post. The following section gives more detail of the types of information we will provide you with. 

Baby Development 
This popular, personalised weekly email series explains how your baby will grow and develop - and other useful parenting articles that we think you’ll like and find helpful 
Bounty Offers & Boutique

Never miss an amazing offer – we’ve got all the latest deals from the brands mums love and our own online shop 

Bounty News 
Get the latest updates on new features products and services that we’ve been working on for you and notifications of when your next Bounty pack is ready to collect 

Bounty Portrait 
Receive special offers and find out how to order the beautiful newborn baby photos we take for you to treasure 
 Bounty Partner promotions 
Bounty will send you emails with offers/ promotions on behalf of our carefully selected partners* related to: mother and baby and family products and services. We will never share your personal data with these partners 
By Post
If you have opted to hear from us by post, we may post you a voucher for your free Growing Family Pack. The pack can also be claimed using the Bounty app. From time to time, we may post you money-off vouchers, news of retailers’ baby events and other family products and services e.g. financial services and family photography services. 


How can I see and update my information?

If you registered via the App or the Website, you can view, amend and/or delete any personal information you have provided us with at any time by editing Your Profile.
If you registered with the Bounty lady in hospital or using a registration card in your Pregnancy Information Folder, simply contact Customer Services on (03458) 300 200 
Regardless of how you registered, all members can view and amend their communication preferences at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email from Bounty.   

Please note that, as Bounty comprises a number of inter-connecting services, it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we process your request.



What happens if I change my mind?


We make it easy for you to control your communication preferences or unsubscribe at any time

By clicking the unsubscribe option at the bottom of any email – this will give you the option to choose between unsubscribing from or
Go to Bounty.com and log in via the button in the top right of the screen. Use the same email address and password as the one you used to register or log in on the App. Once logged in, edit your profile by clicking on your user name in the top right corner. You can then amend your contact preferences or
Within the 'My Profile' section of the App, go to 'edit details' and select 'no' to receiving free samples and offers or
Telephone Customer Services (03458) 300 200

Please note that, as Bounty comprises a number of inter-connecting services, it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we process your request.
 

Keeping your information


As a pregnancy and parenting club we provide information about products and services relevant to pregnant women and women with children up to the age of five and will therefore retain your information until your child reaches the age of 5. If you have shared information about multiple children in your family, we will continue to share information with you about products and services that are relevant to each child until the youngest child reaches the age of five. 
During this time, in addition to communications relevant to having children of a certain age, we will also continue to send you information about you as a woman and parent, as well as whole family related communications (e.g. family friendly holidays) unless of course you tell us that you no longer wish to be a member of Bounty or you unsubscribe from specific communications.    

In the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Services team, we will retain your information for as long as is necessary to provide support or support-related reporting and trend analysis only.



Security

The security of your personal information is very important to us, and we take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information.  We cannot guarantee the security of any personal information you disclose online and any transmission of your personal information is at your own risk. You accept the inherent security implications of providing information online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default.

How to Contact Us

 If you:

Have any questions or feedback about this notice
Would like us to stop using your information
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint

please don’t hesitate to contact us and we will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Customer Services - (03458) 300 200 
Privacy Team - privacy@bounty.com 
Write to us:
Bounty (UK) Limited
29 Broadwater Road
Welwyn Garden City
AL7 3BQ



