
The Dutch Caribbean Legal Portal is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and visitors to its websites, and views the protection of personal data as being of fundamental importance to the operation of its business. Personal information about customers and website visitors is held securely and is treated with the utmost care. The Dutch Caribbean Legal Portal complies with the requirements of the Personal Data Protection and other privacy legislation.Your e-mail addressIf you have specified your e-mail address (e.g. to subscribe to a newsletter), this may be used to inform you from time to time by email of news, services and special offers provided by the Dutch Caribbean Legal Portal or other companies that may be of interest to you. These companies are carefully selected by the Dutch Caribbean Legal Portal. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe at any time. We DO NOT pass your details onto a third party. We will not send you spam or junk mail.UnsubscribingDutch Caribbean Legal Portal takes your preferences into account as much as possible in the provision of services and information. If you no longer want to receive information from us (by post, e-mail, etc.), you can unsubscribe by using the unsubscribelink in the newsletter or sending an e-mail to 
  This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
  .CookiesA cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer and is stored on your hard drive. If you have registered with us your computer will store an identifying cookie that will save you time with each visit to Dutchcaribbenalegalportal.com, by remembering your email address for you. You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer without your explicit consent.AmendmentsThe Dutch Caribbean Legal Portal reserves the right to make amendments to this privacy statement. Please check this privacy statement regularly for the latest version of The Dutch Caribbean Legal Portal privacy policy.This document was last updated on 31 March 2012


