
Privacy Policy
This Document was last updated: December 6, 2018
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. 
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving https://warmerise.com/ ("the Site"). By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we will collect information that you willingly provide to us, such as Email Address, Username, Timezone etc. 
All the info we collect is for internat use and will not be disclosed unless required by law.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). 

This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. 
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze log data. 
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be interesting to you 
Also you will receive email notifications according to your Notification Settings
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. 
Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. 
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. 
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site. 

Also third party advertisers, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to this website. 
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to this site and/or other sites on the Internet.
You can enable or disable advertising/marketing cookies by visiting the cookie settings below: 

Cookie Settings

Security
The security of your Personal Information is very important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. 
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. 
Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. 

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website. 
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please Contact Us
