Privacy Policy
         This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which City Network Hosting AB ("We", "Us", "City Network") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the following domains (each a “Site”).
         
fragnet.net
clients.fragnet.net
gamepanel.fragnet.net
cp.fragnet.net

When and how we collect and handle your personal data
WHEN YOU VISIT OUR SITE

Cookies
            We use cookies to enhance User experience on our Sites, for statistics and marketing purposes. Only strictly necessary cookies will be set until we get your explicit permission to use other cookies. To see a full list of cookies that we use on this Site, please view our cookie declaration.
            
            
            Visitor statistics 
            Anonymous visitor data is collected so that we can get a better picture of how our visitors interact with our web page.
            
         
WHEN YOU SIGN UP FOR AN ACCOUNT


We collect your e-mail address, contact details and billing information to be able to create your account and provide your credentials to our game server management systems.
We will use your email address to send information about our services which we deem important, urgent, critical or in any other way of interest for our users and their usage, billing, security, privacy or other similar matters related to the service or your usage. These emails are sent from within the game server management systems and can not be opted out from.


Why we collect your data
         
         
         City Network Hosting AB collects and uses personal data for the following purposes: 
         To provide our services as requested by you

We need your personal data to verify your identity, to supply your credentials to our services and to collect your payment for the provided services.

To respond to your requests, and improve customer service

If you contact us, request a call-back, quote, customer service request or other contact request. Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.

To send marketing emails

To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.

For advertising purposes

By visiting this site third parties will place cookies on your browser for targeted advertising purposes. Our cookie declaration details which cookies we use and what they store.

How we protect your information
         We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
         Sharing your personal information
         We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal data to others. We share generic aggregated demographic information, not linked to any personal data, regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We will share your information with these third parties for the limited purposes outlined above.
         Sub processors and countries your data will be sent to
         City Network Hosting AB uses certain subprocessors and subcontractors to provide you with our services and information connected to our services and company. A subprocessor is a third party data processor engaged by us that provides our service with various functions. We make sure that there are proper agreements in place to keep your personal data safe. City Network is a global company and your personal data may be transferred across international borders. When we send your data to countries with different levels of data protection laws we make sure it is transferred with an adequate level of protection.
         Third party websites
         Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
         Changes to this privacy policy
         City Network Hosting AB has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal data we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
         Your acceptance of these terms
         By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
         Contacting us
         If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
         City Network Hosting AB
         Borgmästaregatan 18 SE-37134
         Karlskrona
         SWEDEN
         dpo@citynetwork.eu
         This document was last updated on May 23, 2018
      This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which City Network Hosting AB ("We", "Us", "City Network") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the following domains (each a “Site”).City Network Hosting AB collects and uses personal data for the following purposes:We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal data to others. We share generic aggregated demographic information, not linked to any personal data, regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We will share your information with these third parties for the limited purposes outlined above.City Network Hosting AB uses certain subprocessors and subcontractors to provide you with our services and information connected to our services and company. A subprocessor is a third party data processor engaged by us that provides our service with various functions. We make sure that there are proper agreements in place to keep your personal data safe. City Network is a global company and your personal data may be transferred across international borders. When we send your data to countries with different levels of data protection laws we make sure it is transferred with an adequate level of protection.Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.City Network Hosting AB has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal data we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: City Network Hosting AB Borgmästaregatan 18 SE-37134 Karlskrona SWEDEN dpo@citynetwork.eu This document was last updated on May 23, 2018