
Privacy Notice - Course Enquiries and Event Bookings
Your personal information
The University of Lincoln collects personal information about you when you make an enquiry about our courses or book to attend our events. We use this information to administer your request and help prospective students make informed decisions about whether they wish to apply to study with us. We will also support you during the application process if you do choose to apply. This notice explains more about how we use your personal information.

What information we collect about you
How we use your information
Information we may share with other organisations
Information processed abroad
How long we keep your information
Accessing your information and other rights
How to object or withdraw consent
How to contact us
How to complain 

What information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you make an enquiry to the University about our courses in person, by email, over the phone or by submitting a request through our website (for example, when you register for an Open Day). Typically this will include your name, date of birth, gender, postal address, student status (eg. whether you are a UK, EU or International student), email, phone number and some details about the course you are interested in and your proposed year of entry. For international students, we may collect information about you if you make an enquiry about our courses via a third party website or agent, such as Hot Courses.
We will keep your information accurate and up-to-date if you provide us with additional information, tell us of any changes, or make further enquiries or requests. We will note in your record if you register for and attend our events. We will collect further information about you if you make an application to study at the University, either directly to us or via a service such as UCAS. To update the personal information we hold about you, please contact our Enquiries team by email enquiries@lincoln.ac.uk or telephone +44(0)1522 886644.
We also collect information about you when you register to attend one of our public events. Typically, this will be your name, email address, phone number and postal address. If you register for a public event you will be invited to join our public events mailing list. This is optional and if you do subscribe you can opt-out at any time. You can ask for your information to be updated or removed by contacting us by email on events@lincoln.ac.uk or telephone +44(0)1522 837100.
How we use your information
If you enquire about our courses, such as requesting a Prospectus or booking onto an Open Day, we use your information to respond to your enquiry and fulfil your request.
We will provide relevant information which can help you make informed decisions about our courses and applying to study at the University. For example, if you register to attend an Open Day we will confirm your booking and send you joining instructions so that you know what to expect and how to get the most from your visit. We may send you marketing information about related products or services. Our Enquiries team can also access your information if you contact us with questions about your preferred course or the application process, so they can better tailor advice to you. 
The information you provide to us when you make an enquiry is processed in accordance with UK data protection legislation as being in the legitimate interests of the University. If you go on to make an application to one of our courses your data will be processed to take steps necessary prior to entering a contract.
Your information is stored securely in the University’s Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software system. Access to your information is restricted only to those staff who need it. The information you provide as an enquirer is not used to inform decision-making should you make an application to the University.
If as a member of the public you register to attend one of our public events, we will store your information on a separate secure database in accordance with UK data protection legislation and in the legitimate interests of the University. You may opt to join our public events mailing list and can unsubscribe from this list at any time.
The University occasionally uses cookies and other technologies on its website that collect data about you when you use them. Where this occurs further information will be available in our cookies policy. The cookies policy for the University website can be found here: http://www.lincoln.ac.uk/privacy 
Information we may share with other organisations
We use a number of suppliers who process personal information on our behalf. These include suppliers of software services and, for international enquirers, our overseas recruitment agents. These act strictly on our instructions and must not use the information for their own purposes.
In exceptional circumstances we may be asked to share your information with police or other investigators if it would prevent or detect crime or safeguard a person’s wellbeing. Each instance will be judged on its own merit and any sharing of information will be done within the law.
Information processed abroad
Some of the software services we use to process personal information on our behalf are located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). In these instances information is protected using data security practices set out in our Data Processing Agreements with suppliers and, where services are based in the USA, through the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework. Where we share information with overseas recruitment agents about student enquiries, we have Information Sharing Agreements in place.
How long we keep your information
We retain your personal information only as long as is necessary and in accordance with the University’s records retention schedule. The University’s retention schedule has been created in line with the Jisc Retention Schedules. The University reserves the right to change its retention schedule at any point.
Data will be kept securely and destroyed when no longer required. The University may also decide to archive some data. For more information regarding the retention of your personal data, please contact the Information Compliance team at compliance@lincoln.ac.uk
If you access additional University services these may keep a record of your contact and will provide you with details of how long they keep your information. If after your enquiry you go on to apply and enrol as a student at the University further information will be collected and processed (please see our seperate Student Enrolment Privacy Notice).
Accessing your information and other rights
You have a number of rights relating to your personal information. These include:
Access - You have the right to request a copy of any personal information we hold about you. If you would like a copy of any of your information please contact the Information Compliance team on the details below. The team will process your request within a month.
Portability - If you have provided information on the basis of your consent or for a contract then you can request a digital copy so you can send it to another organisation. To request a copy please contact the Information Compliance team on the details below. The team will process your request within a month.
Correction - If any of the information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete then please let us know. You have the right to have your information corrected so that we hold accurate records about you.
Erasure - This is also known as the right to be forgotten. You can request that your personal information is erased if it is no longer necessary for the University to keep it, or you withdraw consent that you have previously provided, or you object and there is no overriding grounds to keep it or if it is unlawful to continue to keep it.
Restriction - You can request that the use of your personal information is limited to storage only and that we use it for no other purpose. This applies where you contest the accuracy of the personal information we hold, or our use of the information is unlawful, or we no longer need the information except in relation to legal claims, or you object to the use of your data and we need to verify whether or not our purpose for keeping it overrides the grounds of your objection.
The Information Compliance team can be contacted by email on compliance@lincoln.ac.uk or by post at: Information Compliance, Secretariat, University of Lincoln, Brayford Pool, Lincoln, LN6 7TS.
How to object or withdraw consent
If you object to our use of your personal information then we must stop unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for continuing. Please contact the University’s Enquiries team on enquiries@lincoln.ac.uk or +44(0)1522 886644 and explain your objection.
You may be asked to provide your consent to receive certain types of marketing communications. You may withdraw this consent at any time. Please let us know if you wish to change your marketing communications preferences by contacting our Enquiries team on the details above or by using unsubscribe links.
How to contact us
For general enquiries please call +44(0)1522 882000 or write to University of Lincoln, Brayford Pool, Lincoln, LN6 7TS.You can find contact details for individual teams and staff by visiting http://staff.lincoln.ac.uk.
If you have a query about your personal information rights then please contact the Information Compliance team by email on compliance@lincoln.ac.uk or by post at Information Compliance, Secretariat, University of Lincoln, Brayford Pool, Lincoln, LN6 7TS.
How to complain
If you feel that we have let you down in relation to your information rights then please contact the Information Compliance team by email on compliance@lincoln.ac.uk or by post at Information Compliance, Secretariat, University of Lincoln, Brayford Pool, Lincoln, LN6 7TS.
You can also make complaints directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). The ICO is the independent authority upholding information rights for the UK. Their website is www.ico.org.uk and their telephone helpline number is 0303 123 1113.
 

