When using the services we offer, we will ask you to submit your personal data so that we may provide the requested service. The data may include your name and surname, contact details and information about your credit/debit card should you decide to pay by card. If you wish to take advantage of Loyalty Programs (Frequent Flyer Program), we will also ask for your Frequent Flyer number.
If the data is collected for the purpose of travelling to a country requiring so-called APIS (Advance Passenger Information System) data (e.g. USA, Canada, China, Japan, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, Cuba, etc.), you will also be asked to provide the additional data required by the APIS system. This data is collected for security reasons, as defined by regulations and decisions of specific countries’ competent authorities, so that those countries can verify the data and approve (or deny) the entry of passengers at their borders.
Should you or any other passenger on our flight have any specific medical or other kind of request, requests concerning facilitation of access or special conditions (e.g. in the case of disability) or similar, and you wish to inform us about this, we will also process data concerning your special request (medical information, etc.) in order to fulfil your request. Sensitive data will only be processed with your consent.We must know the names of all passengers on a specific flight. Should you wish to book a flight for another person, you must obtain their consent for using their personal data. We start from the assumption that you are providing the data of another person with the consent of the concerned person.
If you refuse to provide the requested data during the process of booking or purchase of plane tickets or if the data provided is not complete/accurate, we will not be able to successfully respond to your request for booking or buying tickets, or to any other request that requires specific personal data. If you wish to contact us with a question or complaint, or if you are sending us your comments or wish to be informed about novelties, promotions, etc., you will be asked to submit your data so that we can contact you and respond to your request or send the requested information.
If you contact us via a call centre, the conversation with an operator will be recorded for enhancement of the services we offer.
