

1
Managing your flight details and check in.
In order to ensure that you are properly booked and checked in we will need to process personal information about you such as your name, address, date of birth, contact details, next of kin, passport details, credit card details, frequent flyer number, frequent flyer username and password, PNR reference, ticket number.
To perform our contract with you.


2
To manage additional services we may provide to you.
To ensure that we can carry out any additional services you request we will process special categories of data, such as your religion, or medical history.
To perform our contract with you.


3
To manage flight disruptions
In order to ensure that we book you into suitable hotel accommodation and transport you there where there is a flight disruption, we will need to process personal information about you such as your name, address, date of birth, contact details, next of kin, passport details, credit card details, frequent flyer number, PNR number, ticket number, identifiers for professionals.
To perform our contract with you.


4
Guest transport.
Where you utilize our transport service, we will need to process personal information about you such as your name, address, date of birth, contact details, next of kin, passport details, credit card details, frequent flyer number, PNR number, ticket number, identifiers for professionals, in order to ensure that your guest transport is booked properly.  We may also need to process special categories of personal data such as health care information, and GPS tracking information.
To perform our contract with you.


5
To provide you with customer support.
In order to provide you with customer support including for inbound calls relating to bookings, to modify bookings, special services, cancellations and refunds, ancillary sales, and outbound calls for disruption related messages we will need to process personal information about you such as your name, address, date of birth, contact details, bank account details, next of kin, credit card details,  passport details, frequent flyer details, PNR number, ticket number, identifiers for professionals.  We may also process sensitive personal information such as health data, race or ethnicity, religion.
Legitimate interests. It is in our legitimate interests to ensure that our business runs smoothly and that we provide you with timely customer support, without undue delay and complication. It is unlikely that us doing this will override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your personal data. If you are a data subject protected by the GDPR you have rights to restrict or object to this processing, however please note that this may adversely affect our ability to provide you with effective customer support.


6
To communicate with you in relation to your flight.
In order to communicate with you to provide updates regarding your flight, for example, if there are likely to be delays to your flight we will need to process personal information about you such as your name, address, date of birth, credit card number, frequent flyer number, PNR number, ticker number, passport details and contact details.
To perform our contract with you.


7
To provide medical services to you in cases of emergency.
In the event that you require emergency medical attention and services we will need to process personal information about you such as your name, date of birth, address, contact details, next of kin, passport details, PNR number, ticket number, identifiers for professionals, as well as special data such as your religion, race or ethnicity and health data.
To protect your vital interests.


8
To provide responsive services to you in cases of emergency
In the event that there is an emergency and we need to locate family members and next of kin, we will need to process personal information about you such as your name, date of birth, address, contact details, next of kin, passport details, social security number, credit card details, frequent flyer details, PNR number, ticket number, identifiers for professionals, as well as special data such as your religion, race or ethnicity and health data, biometric information, medical identifiers, sensitive information about family members, criminal convictions.
To protect your vital interests.


9
To communicate with your next of kin in cases of emergency.
In order to communicate with your next of kin in cases of emergency we will need to process personal information about you and your next of kin including your names, addresses and contact details.
To protect your vital interests.


10
To communicate with you on new offers and services from Air SERBIA.
In order to communicate with you regarding new offers and services from either us or our affiliates, such as new routes we will need to process personal information about you such as your name, address, contact details, date of birth, frequent flyer details, PNR number, ticket number, identifiers for professionals and passport details.
Legitimate interests. It is in our legitimate interests to promote our business and develop our relationship with you.  In order to do this we may wish to bring to your attention new offers from us or our affiliates. It is unlikely that us doing this will override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your personal data.  If you are a data subject protected by the GDPR you have rights to restrict or object to this processing, however please note that this may adversely affect our ability to update you on such new offers and services from us or our affiliates.


11
To communicate with you on new offers and services from third parties.
In order to communicate with you regarding new offers and services from third parties we will need to process personal information about you such as your name, date of birth, address, contact details, frequent flyer details, identifiers for professionals, and passport details.
Legitimate interests. It is in our legitimate interests to promote offers and services from third parties in certain circumstances, based upon our understanding of your preferences.  It is unlikely that us doing this will override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your personal data. If you are a data subject protected by the GDPR you have rights to restrict or object to this processing, however please note that this may adversely affect our ability to update you on such new offers and services from such third parties.


12
To engage in surveys with you.
In order to obtain feedback from you via surveys in relation to our services and other matters related to our business we will need to process personal information such as your name, address, date of birth, contact details, next of kin, bank account details, frequent flyer details,  ticket number, identifiers for professionals, passport details, and PNR number.
Legitimate Interests. It is in our legitimate interests to engage in surveys with you in order to ascertain certain information for the purposes of how we conduct our business. It is unlikely that us doing this will override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your personal data. If you are a data subject protected by the GDPR you have rights to restrict or object to this processing, however please note that this may adversely affect our ability to conduct surveys with you.


13
To offer opportunities to you to enter into competitions or prize draws.
In order to enter you into the competitions or prize draws and award the prizes we will need to process personal information such as your name, address, contact details, frequent flyer details and passport details, PNR number.
Legitimate Interests. It is in our legitimate interests to promote our business by engaging with consumers through competitions or prize draws.  It is unlikely that us doing this will override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your personal data. If you are a data subject protected by the GDPR you have rights to restrict or object to this processing, however please note that this may adversely affect our ability to provide you with the opportunity to participate in competitions or prize draws.


14
To manage our frequent flyer program.
In order to enter you in to the frequent flyer program we will need to process personal information such as your name, address, contact details, employee ID (if relevant), passport details, credit card number, frequent flyer details, Etihad Guest number, PNR number, ticket number, any identifiers relating to your profession (if relevant).
To enter into a contract with you for the frequent flyer program.


15
To handle complaints made by you.
In order to handle complaints made by you, we will need to process your personal information such as your name, date of birth, address, contact details, bank account details, passport details, frequent flyer details, PNR number and ticket number, and may include special categories of data such as data concerning health where relevant to your complaint .
Legitimate Interests.  It is in our legitimate interests to ensure that we handle your complaints in an efficient manner, without undue delay and complication. It is unlikely that us doing this will override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your personal data.  If you are a data subject protected by the GDPR you have rights to restrict or object to this processing, however please note that this may adversely affect our ability to provide you with effective complaints handling.


16
To comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, including providing specific information to law enforcement or similar bodies upon legitimate requests.
In order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, including providing specific information to law enforcement or similar bodies upon request we will need to process your personal information such as your name, date of birth, address, passport details, frequent flyer details.
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.


17
To comply with a legitimate request by a law enforcement or similar bodies to share information with them.
In order for us to comply with a request by law enforcement or similar bodies to share information with them we may need to process your personal information such as your name, date of birth, address, passport details, frequent flyer details.
Legitimate Interests It is in our legitimate interests to be able to share information with law enforcement or similar bodies from time to time, subject  to their legitimate requests.  We will need to be able to process this information in order for us to comply with legitimate requests, including in cases where we determine that we are not compelled to by applicable laws. Prior to sharing that information we will ensure that by properly exercising our right to act in our legitimate interest to share the requested data we will not be overriding your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your personal data.


18
In the case that you start a legal claim against us and we need to defend that legal claim.
In order for us to defend the claim brought by you or a third party, we may need to process your personal information such as your name, address, data of birth, passport details and frequent flyer details.  We may also need to process your special categories of data such as your racial or ethnic origin, political, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation.
Legitimate Interests It is in our legitimate interests to be able to commence or defend legal claims as and when we consider it necessary for the protection of our business.  We will need to be able to process this information in order for us to instruct our legal counsel and fully defend ourselves against the claim you may bring. It is unlikely that by us properly exercising our rights to commence or defend claims we will override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your personal data.


19
In the case that we start a legal claim against you.
In the event that Air SERBIA wishes to commence a claim against you, we may need to process your personal information such as your name, address, data of birth, passport details and frequent flyer details.  We may also need to process your special categories of data such as your racial or ethnic origin, political, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation.
Legitimate Interests It is in our legitimate interests to be able to commence or defend legal claims as and when we consider it necessary for the protection of our business.  We will need to be able to process this information in order for us to instruct our legal counsel and fully defend ourselves against the claim you may bring. It is unlikely that by us properly exercising our rights to commence or defend claims we will override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your personal data.


