
Data Privacy
Data Privacy Statement Cargolux International Airlines S.A. (hereafter referred to as “Cargolux”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its website visitors. Depending on your usage of our website, some information will be collected on your person (hereinafter referred to as “Personal Data”).This Data Privacy Statement explains how we use your personal data, respecting the rules currently stated in the EU directive 95/46/EC on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.This Data Privacy Statement may be modified to comply with legal amendments or to integrate best practices. Updates of the Data Privacy Statement will be published on our Website once available.What information does Cargolux collect?Certain information is collected automatically when you visit the Website or read or browse through Website material or download information. In this case, the information concerning the name of the domain and host from which you access the internet, the browser software and operating system of your computer, the internet protocol (“IP”) address of your computer and the internet address of the site from which you linked directly to the Website will be collected and stored. The time and date you accessed the Website will also be recorded.Other information is collected when you volunteer to identify yourself and provide requested information. You may choose to fill out contact forms, send your contact details or other personal information to us in order for us to respond or to follow up. We might ask for your contact details, name, email address, telephone number, location and/or industry. For further information on the processing of your personal data in the application process, please refer to the Data Privacy Statement in the “Careers” section.How does Cargolux process data? According to the above mentioned law, “processing” shall mean any operation or set of operations which is performed upon personal data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction.Cargolux uses any such information to respond to your questions and treat your requests and applications and in some cases passes the information through to Cargolux’s suppliers for appropriate action. We will use your data to send you our newsletter if you choose to subscribe.We also use Google Analytics to analyze the usage of our website. To read all about how Google Analytics collects and processes data, click here.We do not sell or license any personal information to third parties and complies with the Luxembourg law of 2 August 2002 on the protection of persons with regard to the processing of personal data, and the Luxembourg law of 30 May 2005 on the protection of persons with regard to the processing of personal data in the field of electronic means of communication, as amended.When we share your informationWe may disclose your information:to members of the Cargolux group for the purposes described in the terms of use.to third parties providing services to us. These include website hosting, IT services and other similar services to enable them to provide their services.on comment boards of the newsletter to which you can post information and that will be seen by other users of the website. Please note that information posted on these boards will be available to public.to third parties outside Cargolux group, if obliged by competent authorities as per the applicable laws. The user will be informed accordingly, to the extent permitted by the applicable law.How do we protect information?We have implemented security measures to protect the stored data from unauthorized access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss.Nevertheless, no data transmission or storage over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secured. If you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised, please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the "Contacting Us" section below.How long do we keep information?Your personal data will be stored for the intended purposes during necessary time according to the specific purposes unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.Your data will be retained for a maximum period of time of two years from registration, unless you request to delete all your information from our systems. After the retention period the data will be completely deleted from Cargolux’s system.In case of the Newsletter, you will be able to unsubscribe at any moment and your personal data will be deleted immediately.What are your rights?You have a right to access your personal data and may ask for a correction where such data are inaccurate or incomplete or request the deletion of your personal data. You also have the right to request we stop using your personal details and delete all information from our systems, free of charge.To amend your personal data, please contact the department in charge. Click here to get to our contact page. If you no longer want to receive our newsletter, please use the Unsubscribe option in the mailings.

