








Total Battle - #1 Trending Online Strategy War Game


    (function (i, s, o, g, r, a, m) {
        i['GoogleAnalyticsObject'] = r;
        i[r] = i[r] || function () {
                    (i[r].q = i[r].q || []).push(arguments)
                }, i[r].l = 1 * new Date();
        a = s.createElement(o),
                m = s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];
        a.async = 1;
        a.src = g;
        m.parentNode.insertBefore(a, m)
    })(window, document, 'script', '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js', 'ga');

    ga('create', 'UA-73646350-8', 'auto');
    ga('require', 'ecommerce');


        window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];

        console.log('Подключаем аналитику id: 44940616');
        (function (d, w, c) {
            (w[c] = w[c] || []).push(function () {
                try {
                    w.yaCounter = new Ya.Metrika({
                                                     id:44940616,
                                                     clickmap:            true,
                                                     trackLinks:          true,
                                                     accurateTrackBounce: true,
                                                     ecommerce:           dataLayer,
                                                                                                      });
                } catch (e) {
                }
            });

            var n = d.getElementsByTagName("script")[0], s = d.createElement("script"), f = function () {
                n.parentNode.insertBefore(s, n);
            };
            s.type = "text/javascript";
            s.async = true;
            s.src = "https://mc.yandex.ru/metrika/watch.js";

            if (w.opera == "[object Opera]") {
                d.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", f, false);
            }
            else {
                f();
            }
        })(document, window, "yandex_metrika_callbacks");
    
























    var web = {
        lang: {
            agree_error: 'Please confirm the agreements',
            wrong_data: 'You entered invalid data'
        },
        config: {
            language: 'en',
            site_url: '//totalbattle.com/',
            vk_app_id: '',
            vk_oauth_url: '',
            od_oauth_url: '',
            mm_app_id: '',
            mm_app_public: '',
            mm_oauth_url: '',
            gplus_app_id: '',
            fb_app_id: '1839011602994843',
            fb_app_scope: 'public_profile,email,user_birthday',
            fb_auth_url: 'https://totalbattle.com/login/fb2oauth',
            fb_graph_api: 'v2.9',
            tw_auth_url: '',
            default_user_avatar: ''
        },
            };







TERMS OF SERVICE


        Last Update: 1 august, 2017

        

        These terms of service (hereinafter the “Terms of Service”) govern the relationship between You (as the
        user of certain services) (hereinafter “You” in all forms) and the company SCOREWARRIOR LIMITED
        whose principal place of business is at: 228, Arch. Makariou III Avenue, AYIOS PAVLOS BUILDING (BLOCK B), office
        512A, 3030, Limassol, Cyprus (hereinafter the “Company” and/ or “we” in all forms) in relation to:

        
1. our online browser game (hereinafter the “Game”) available through the following means:

        
a. our website totalbattle.com (hereinafter the “Site”);

        
b. our mobile application of the Game (hereinafter the “Mobile Application”);

        
2. any other services we may provide to You in relation to the Game in accordance with these Terms of
        Service, including but not limited to support service and premium service (hereinafter collectively the “Services”).

        

        BY REGISTERING FOR THE GAME THROUGH THE SITE OR THE MOBILE APPLICATION, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND
        ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, PRIVACY POLICY AND COMMUNITY RULES (BOTH LATTER AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE AND
        MOBILE APPLICATION).

        

        ALSO BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE REACHED THE AGE TO ENTER INTO
        BINDING AGREEMENT WITH US IN THE COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU ARE LOCATED OR RESIDE OR THAT YOU HAVE YOUR PARENT OR
        LEGAL GUARDIAN’S PERMISSION, IF REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT YOU ARE
        LEGALLY ALLOWED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT YOU BY ENTERING INTO IT DOES NOT VIOLATE ANY APPLICABLE
        LAWS. IN ANY CASE, YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, YOU ARE NOT
        PERMITTED TO ACCESS OR USE THE GAME AND SERVICES.

        

        You are not allowed to accept these Terms of Service if:

        
a. You are not lawfully entitled to use either the Site, the Mobile Application, the Game and/or the
        Services under any law applicable in the country in which You are located or residing;

        
b. You are not of the legal age to form a binding agreement with us.

        

        Please kindly note that from time to time we may need to amend these Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and/ or
        Community Rules and Code of Conduct, available on the
        Site, in order (including but not
        limited) to:

        
a. reflect changes in the applicable law;

        
b. reflect changes in the composition/

        
c. content of the Game and/ or the Services;

        
d. reflect changes in the way, how we collect, use and store your personal information (in any case
        ensuring compliance with the applicable data protection law);

        
e. make sure that the Community Rules protect interests of the community of the users of the Game

        

        The latest versions of these Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Community Rules are always available on the
        Site and the Mobile Application. We guarantee that we will notify You about all amendments in these Terms of
        Service, Privacy Policy and Community Rules, however we strongly advise You to check for updates independently
        each time You use the Game or the Services either through the Site or the Mobile Application. Additionally, we
        highly recommend You to print copies of these Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Community Rules for Your
        records.

        
1. WARRANTIES


        We warrant that we have the right to enter into these Terms of Service and grant You the license to use the Game
        and the Services through the Site and the Mobile Application according to these Terms of Service, Privacy Policy
        and Community Rules.

        
2. DISCLAIMER


        Please, be aware that the use of the Game and the Services shall be at Your own sole risk.
        The Game and the Services are provided on the “as is” and “as available” basis. We assume no liability and
        provide no warranties of any nature thereof, including but not limited to the implied warranties of
        merchantability and fitness for any particular purpose.

        

        Please note, that by accepting these Terms of Service you are automatically accepting the Privacy Policy,
        Refund Policy and Payment Policy of the company, which
        are the integral part of these Terms of Service and which contain additional information on the relative
        subjects that should be read and acknowledged by the User.

        

        The Company shall not be liable for any delay or failure of the Game and/ or the Services resulting from the
        causes outside the reasonable control of the Company, including without limitation any delay or failure of the
        Game and/ or the Services due to unforeseen circumstances or causes beyond the control of the Company, among
        others, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods,
        accidents, network infrastructure failures, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, any
        other resources or materials or labor.
        Additionally, we do not guarantee that:

        
a. the Game and/ or the Services will meet Your expectations and/ or requirements;

        
b. the quality of any products, services, information or other materials purchased or obtained by You
        through or in any relation to the Game or the Services will meet Your expectations and/ or requirements;

        
c. the Game and the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, virus-free, error-free or such defects will
        ever be corrected;

        
d. the use of the Game and/ or the Services will be absolutely secure;

        

        To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company be liable to you for any
        direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any (i)
        errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever,
        resulting from your access to and use of the Game and/ or the Services, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use
        of our servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any
        interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our servers, (v) any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, or the
        like, which may be transmitted to or through the Game or the Services by any third party, (vi) any loss of your
        data or content (vii) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a
        result of your use of any content posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the services, whether
        based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the Company is advised of the
        possibility of such damages, and/or (viii) the disclosure of information pursuant to these terms of use or
        Privacy Policy

        

        We are constantly working on further development of the Game and the Services. This means that from time to time
        we introduce upgrades and improvements in the gameplay, features, graphics, technical infrastructure etc. We
        don’t guarantee that such upgrades and improvements won’t change Your experience of using the Game and/ or the
        Services.

        

        PLEASE NOTE THAT DOWNLOADING OR ANY OTHER OBTAINMENT OF ANY MATERIALS WHILE USING THE GAME AND/ OR THE SERVICES
        SHALL BE DONE ON YOUR OWN SOLE RISK. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICES, INSTALLED
        SOFTWARE AND/ OR OPERATION SYSTEMS AND/ OR ANY LOSS OF DATA THAT MAY RESULT FROM OBTAINING ANY SUCH MATERIALS.

        
3. ACCOUNT


        In order to use the Game and the Services You have to create an account (hereinafter the “Account”). By
        using Your Account You may access the Game and Your progress in the Game through the Site and the Mobile
        Application.

        

        For creating the Account, You will need either an active email address or Facebook™ profile. During Account
        registration process You will be also required to provide additional information, which You must provide
        truthfully and accurately. Details about the information You are requested to provide, how we process, use and
        store it are set in the Privacy Policy.

        

        In some cases, we may allow You to use the Game and/ or the Services in a demo mode, which You may access
        without creating the Account. Please note that Your progress in the Game won’t be saved unless You create the
        Account before exiting the demo mode. Additionally, please be aware that in the demo mode certain limitations on
        the Game and Services may apply.

        

        The Game may be accessed through the Mobile Application without creation of the Account. However, even though it
        is not a demo mode, in order to later access Your progress in the Game through other devices, You have to create
        the Account. Without creating the Account it is impossible to follow the progress of the Game created on another
        device.

        

        You are not permitted to share Your Account with anyone. You are not permitted to sell or transfer Your Account
        to anyone. In case You grant access to Your Account to third parties You will still be solely responsible for
        all actions carried out by these third parties.

        

        You are responsible for keeping Your Account secure from third parties. Under no circumstances should You
        disclose password from Your Account to third parties. Note that our representatives, including the support team,
        will never ask You for Your Account password.

        

        Please notify us immediately if any of the following occurs:

        
a. any unauthorized use of Your Account;

        
b. any hacking tools have been used or might be used in relation to either the Game, the Account or the
        Services.

        

        We have the right to suspend your Account following the receipt or a reasonable suspicion of any legal notice
        addressed to you or us in connection to your Account and/or your activities; or in case of any legal proceedings
        commenced by you against us.

        

        Please note, that additional information on the processing of user data by the Company is containted in the
        Privacy Policy as stated in Article 2 above and the Privacy Policy forms an integral part of these Terms of
        Service.

        
4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS


        The Site, the Mobile Application and the Game contain a lot of different materials and assets, including but not
        limited to technology, software, interfaces, design, texts, images, videos, sounds and music (hereinafter
        collectively the “Content”). The Content and all intellectual property rights connected thereto
        (hereinafter the “IP Rights”) are owned by us (or by our affiliates and partners as applicable).

        

        As long as these Terms of Service are in force between You and us, we grant you a personal, limited,
        non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, revocable license so that You can access, view and use the
        Game and/ or Services.

        

        You must not download (except as part of the proper use or operation of the Game or the Services), copy,
        publish, post, distribute, print, reproduce, modify, adapt, transfer, disseminate, copyright, trademark or make
        any commercial use of any content (fully or partially) available in the Game, on the Site, in the Mobile
        Application or the Services, unless we expressly authorize You to do so in writing.

        
5. CODE OF CONDUCT


        When You access and use the Game and the Services You agree to comply with the Rules of the Conduct included in
        the Community Rules and with the following requirements:

        
a. You will not attempt to obtain login information or access another user’s account or collect or
        harvest personal information from other users;

        
b. You will not exploit, distribute or publicly inform other users of any error, miscue or bug of the
        Game which provides for an unintended advantage or allows impersonation of another person, including by use of
        automated collection mechanisms such as clear graphics interchange formats ("gifs"), cookies, or similar
        technology;

        
c. You will not harass, threaten or bully any other users, nor post or submit any abusive, threatening,
        bullying, harassing, obscene, defamatory, offensive, pornographic or illegal content, or content that infringes
        or violates the rights of someone else, or impersonate any other person;

        
d. You will not use the Game or the Services for any unauthorized commercial purpose, including but not
        limited to commercial advertisement or solicitation (such as chain letters, junk e-mail, “spam,” or other
        repetitive messages).

        
e. You will not use the Game for performing services for payment, such as leveling up or item collection
        services.

        
f. You will not use or design cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any
        unauthorized software designed to modify or interfere with the Game experience.

        
g. You will not remove or obscure any proprietary notices within the Game.

        
h. You will not disrupt or attempt to disrupt the Game or any other person’s use or enjoyment of the
        Game.

        
i. You will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Game, to accounts registered to others,
        including by circumventing or bypassing robot exclusion headers or security mechanisms for the Game.

        
j. You will not use any service or software that accesses, intercepts, "mines," or otherwise collects
        information from the Game or that is in transit from or to the Game.

        
k. You will not make any automated use of the Game, or take any action that imposes an unreasonable
        burden on our infrastructure.

        
l. You will not use any software, technology, or device to send content or messages, scrape, spider, or
        crawl the Game, or harvest or manipulate data from the Game.

        
m. You will not improperly use our support services, including by submitting false reports.

        
n. Except where permitted by law or relevant open source licenses, you will not modify, reverse engineer,
        decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise try to derive the source code the Game.

        
o. You will not copy, modify or distribute content from the Game except as specifically authorized by us.

        
p. You will not advocate, promote, encourage, or otherwise facilitate any illegal behavior, including but
        not limited to the use of illegal drugs, unlawful gambling or theft.

        

        The list above is not exhaustive and cannot provide you with the full list of requirements due to the permanent
        development of the Game and its functionality.

        

        Taking into consideration the constant development of the Game and the environment it operates in, for the
        reasons of safeguarding the idea behind the Game and the comfort of the Users of the Game, as well as for the
        reason of preserving the common morally established norms of behavior, the Accounts of the Users that fail to
        comply with this code of conduct may result in issuance of a warning by the Company or temporary or permanent
        suspension of your Account, without being given the explanation.

        
6. USER GENERATED CONTENT


        The Game and certain Services permit You to create and/ or upload materials, which You have created, such as,
        including but not limited to, posts, chat messages and profile content associated with Your Account (hereinafter
        the “User Generated Content” or “UGC”).

        

        We do not pre-screen, approve, endorse or own Your UGC (as well as UGC of other users of the Game), which You
        have uploaded or made available to other users via the Game or the Services. Still by uploading or making
        available Your UGC via the Game or the Services You grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable,
        irrevocable license to store, publish, print, distribute, reproduce, adapt, modify, transfer and use for
        commercial purposes (including but not limited to the use in for advertisement purposes) Your UGC.

        

        If You upload or make available Your UGC to other users via the Game or the Services, You among other agree to
        the following:

        
a. any part of the UGC, which comprises, incorporates or otherwise relates to any of our IP Rights
        becomes and remains our property;

        
b. You must not upload or make available to other users any materials that belong to the third parties
        unless You have been expressly authorized by such third parties to do so;

        
c. You must not upload any UGC which infringes the intellectual property rights, privacy or any other
        rights of the third parties or which is illegal or breaches these Terms of Service;

        
d. Your UGC must comply with applicable law and must not contain any materials which may be considered
        illegal, offensive or defamatory towards the third parties or us, and/ or which could cause any reputational
        loss or embarrassment to us;

        
e. You waive and agree not to assert any moral rights or similar rights You may have in Your UGC against
        us;

        
f. You are solely responsible for Your UGC;

        
g. if You create and/ or upload any UGC, You are responsible and liable for it. We may not bear any
        liability or responsibly for Your UGC, nor do we provide any support for the UGC;

        
h. You must not in any way claim or suggest that any UGC is endorsed, supported by, or affiliated with
        us;

        
i. we reserve the right to edit, move, block, disable, remove (temporary or permanently) or take any
        other actions we consider appropriate in respect to Your UGC which we believe is against/ does not fulfill any
        of the conditions above.

        
7. VIRTUAL GOODS, PURCHASES, BILLING


        The access to the Game and basic gameplay features is free of charge. However, the Game may permit You to
        purchase premium content, including but not limited to rights to use virtual items, access to additional
        features and additional in-game services (hereinafter collectively the “Virtual Goods”). Please note that
        You purchase only the rights to use the Virtual Goods, whilst the Virtual Goods, at all times remain in the
        property of the Company. In order to purchase the Virtual Goods, when using the Game through the Site, You need
        the Account.

        

        While using the Game via the Mobile Application, the Virtual Goods may be purchased without the Account,
        however, please note that in this way (without the Account) purchased Virtual Goods cannot be used or
        transferred to the other devices. When accessing the Game via Mobile Application (without the Account) the
        Virtual Goods can be purchased inside the Game, but they can be only used within the current platform and in the
        current progress of the Game. To avoid doubt, the purchased Virtual Goods cannot be transferred from one Game to
        another, cannot be switched between the users and are only accessible in the same game progress where they were
        purchased.

        

        Before purchasing the Virtual Goods from us You among other must ensure that:

        
a. You either are at least 18 (eighteen) years old or older if required by the applicable law or, if You
        are under age of 18 (eighteen), that Your parent or legal guardian has agreed to the respective purchase and
        these Terms of Service on Your behalf;

        
b. You or the person conducting the respective purchase on Your behalf is the authorized Account holder
        for the Account from which You or the other person is conducting a purchase or You or the other person is
        authorized to use the particular payment details (i.e., credit card);

        
c. all information You submit is true and accurate;

        
d. You agree to pay all the fees, commissions and charges associated with Your purchase.

        

        The prices for the Virtual Goods are set in euros, US Dollars or other currency applicable to the country Your
        are located at and are displayed either in the description of the corresponding Virtual Goods or on the “Buy”
        button. To conduct a purchase, You should click on the “Buy” button.

        

        After clicking on the “Buy” button You will be offered to choose a payment method and enter respective payment
        details. We support payments with Visa™, MasterCard™, Maestro™ debit/credit cards along with a number of other
        payment methods applicable to Your region.

        

        PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT STORE ANY OF YOUR PAYMENT DETAILS ON OUR SERVERS. THE COMPANY ITSELF DOES NOT PERFORM
        ANY PROCESSING OF THE PAYMENTS. PROVISION OF PAYMENT PROCESSING IS PERFORMED SOLELY BY THE THIRD PARTY
        PLATFORMS, SUCH AS APPLE (IOS), GOOGLE (ANDROID), FACEBOOK.

        

        Before You confirm Your purchase by clicking on any button concluding the purchase process or by fulfilling
        another action (e.g. sending a message), You must carefully review Your purchase details, including but not
        limited to the selected payment method and total price including all applicable taxes and charges. If You find
        any errors, You should correct them or cancel the purchase.

        

        PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO OUR BEST TO PROCESS AND COMPLETE YOUR PURCHASES AS FAST AS POSSIBLE, BUT UNDER CERTAIN
        CIRCUMSTANCES WE MAY NEED UP TO 72 (SEVENTY TWO) HOURS TO COMPLETE YOUR PURCHASE. SUCH CIRCUMSTANCES AMONG OTHER
        MAY INCLUDE YOUR INTERNET CONNECTION FAILURE AT THE MOMENT YOU CONCLUDE THE RESPECTIVE PURCHASE, ERRORS AND/ OR
        CONNECTION FAILURES ON THE SIDE OF THE PROVIDER OF THE PAYMENT SERVICES ETC.

        

        In most cases the said period of 72 (seventy-two) hours is enough for the providers of the payment services
        either to process Your payment (so we can complete it) or automatically refund the full price of Your purchase.
        In case none of the above has happened after the expiration of the said 72 (seventy-two) hours, please contact
        our support at support@totalbattle.com.

        

        Please be aware that in respect to the Virtual Goods we reserve the following rights:

        
a. to offer different sets and/or prices for the Virtual Goods available for purchase for different users
        of the Game;

        
b. at any time in our sole discretion to modify the sets and/ or prices of the Virtual Goods available
        for any user of the Game;

        
c. to decline Your request to acquire the Virtual Goods for any reason.

        

        Additionally, also the following rules among others apply to the Virtual Goods:

        
a. the Virtual Goods may be redeemed for other Virtual Goods only where permitted in the Game;

        
b. the Virtual Goods are non-refundable and non-exchangeable (whether or not You use them), unless
        otherwise expressly stated in these Terms of Service or required by applicable law;

        
c. You cannot sell or transfer the Virtual Goods to anyone, unless otherwise permitted in the Game and
        such actions are carried out in a special in-game interface;

        
d. You may only acquire the Virtual Goods from us or other users of the Game via special interface inside
        the Game;

        
e. the Virtual Goods cannot be exchanged for cash or any other goods or services, except other Virtual
        Goods as permitted in the Game.

        
8. EPILEPSY WARNING


        Some people are susceptible to epileptic seizures or loss of consciousness when exposed to certain flashing
        lights or light patterns in everyday life. Such people may have a seizure while watching television images or
        playing certain video games. This may happen even if the person has no medical history of epilepsy or has never
        had any epileptic seizures. If You or anyone in Your family has ever had symptoms related to epilepsy (seizures
        or loss of consciousness) when exposed to flashing lights, consult Your doctor prior to playing.

        

        We advise that parents should monitor the use of the Game by their children. If You or Your child experiences
        any of the following symptoms: dizziness, blurred vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of consciousness,
        disorientation, any involuntary movement or convulsion, while playing the Game, DISCONTINUE THE USE OF THE GAME
        IMMEDIATELY and consult Your doctor.

        

        Some individuals may experience discomfort (such as motion sickness, dizziness, or eyestrain) when playing the
        Game. If You experience such discomfort, stop playing and rest until it has subsided. Consult a doctor if the
        discomfort continues.

        

        Precautions to take during the use of the Game:

        
a. do not stay too close to the screen. Sit a good distance away from the screen;

        
b. preferably play the game on a small screen;

        
c. avoid playing if You are tired or have not had much sleep;

        
d. make sure that the room in which You are playing is well lit;

        
e. rest for at least 10-15 minutes per hour while playing the Game.

        
9. CONSUMER RIGHTS


        If any of the provisions of these Terms of Service regarding the consumer rights contradict any of the
        provisions of the applicable consumer protection law, the respective provisions of these Terms of Service shall
        not be applied.

        
10. TERMINATION OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE


        We reserve the right to suspend Your Account either temporarily or permanently for any reason. Permanent
        suspension will also mean that we close Your Account and terminate these Terms of Service between You and us.

        

        If Your Account is suspended (or blocked) temporarily, You will not be able either to access Your Account or use
        the Game and the Services for the period of suspension.

        

        If Your Account is suspended (or blocked) permanently, You will never be able either to access it or use the
        Game or any of the Services. We may also prohibit You from accessing or using the Game or any of the Services in
        the future.

        

        Account suspension doesn’t grant You the right for any refunds and/ or compensations even if at the time of the
        suspension You have had any unused Virtual Goods.

        

        If You believe that Your Account has been suspended in error, please contact our support at support@totalbattle.com.

        

        You may close Your Account and terminate these Terms of Service at any time without a cause by contacting our
        support at support@totalbattle.com.

        

        PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR GAME PROGRESS AS WELL AS ALL PURCHASED VIRTUAL GOODS ARE DIRECTLY LINKED TO THE EXISTENCE
        OF YOUR ACCOUNT. IF YOU DECIDE TO CLOSE YOUR ACCOUNT AND TERMINATE THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR PROGRESS AND
        PURCHASED VIRTUAL GOODS WILL BE LOST FOREVER AND WE WON’T BE ABLE TO RESTORE THEM EVEN IF YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND
        AFTERWARDS.

        

        In case You choose to close your account and terminate these Terms of Service, you won’t be entitled to any
        refunds or compensations even if at the time of such a closure you have had unused Virtual Goods.

        

        Upon termination of these Terms of Service the Company will take all reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify
        Your personal information. You acknowledge that some information about You may be retained where required by
        applicable law or for data back-up purposes.

        
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION


        These Terms of Service are governed by the laws of England.

        

        In the event of any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service, including their
        existence, validity, termination or breach thereof, we and You shall consult and negotiate with each other and
        thus attempt to reach a satisfactory solution. If a satisfactory solution is not reached in mutual negotiations,
        the dispute shall exclusively be settled by the courts of general jurisdiction of England in accordance with the
        laws of England.

        

        For disputes arising between us and You, or any other user of the Game, and not settled in mutual negotiations
        You and we agree that we can only bring a claim against each other on an individual basis. Neither You nor we
        can bring a claim as a plaintiff or class member in a class action, consolidated action, or representative
        action.

        
12. CONTACTS, E-MAILS AND NOTIFICATIONS


        Please address all Your questions, complaints or comments regarding these Terms of Service to our Support at: support@totalbattle.com.

        

        Please note that we are always looking forward to provide support to you in relation to technical problems /
        difficulties that you may encounter while using the Game. However, please be aware that the technical support is
        available solely during the working hours of the technical support team and might take extra time to revert back
        to your query, whereby the technical support might not meet your expectations.

        

        Please note that we may occasionally send you the emails with offers, promotions, and/or information of
        interest. To opt out from receiving the emails from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in
        the relevant emails or contact us at support@totalbattle.com. Our
        applications may also send notifications to your phone.

    
 
































PRIVACY POLICY


        Last Update: August 1, 2017

        

        This Privacy Policy applies to all of the Sites, Games and Services offered by us and regulates how we collect,
        use, process and treat your persona information.

        

        Due to the services constantly evolving, this Policy might change from time to time, therefore we advise you to
        check for the lastest versions which will always be published on our website.

        

        This Privacy Policy is made to provide clarity about the information we collect and how we use it to provide a
        better gaming experience. By accepting our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use you consent to our collection,
        storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

        

        We do follow the rules of Directive 95/46/EC on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of
        personal data
        and on the free movement of such data and the generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal
        information submitted, both during transmission and once we receive it. Therefore, while our goal to use
        commercially acceptable ways to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee it is absolutely secure.
        Please note that information that you voluntarily make public, or which you disclose by posting comments or
        inserting of the Content will be publicly available and viewable by others. We do not hold any liability for any
        information that you voluntarily choose to make public through such and/or other explicit actions.

        

        We collect information that comes from you while you are playing our games, interacting with the application /
        website and other Services. Such information includes what device you are using, the way you play the game and
        your levels, profile visits and the information that you provide us with directly.

        

        We only use personal information collected through any of the Sites, Game and Services for the purposes
        described in the Terms and below in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may use your personal information:

        
a. To respond to your submissions, questions, comments, requests and complaints and provide customer
        support;

        
b. To monitor and analyze usage of the Game and trends in order to personalize and improve the Game and
        experience of our users while using any of the Sites, Game or Services;

        
c. To provide relevant content, ads and features that match your or other people preferences;

        
d. To increase functionality and general quality of the Game;

        
e. To send you confirmations, updates, security alerts and support/administrative messages;

        
f. For marketing campaigns purposes, including (without limitation) email marketing campaigns.

        
g. For any other purposes, which we believe are necessary and for which the information is collected.

        

        We will not share the personal information we collect from you through Game or our Services with third parties,
        except as described in the Terms. For example, we share information as follows:

        
a. When we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is
        reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests or
        legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants or court orders;

        
>b. When you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on the Game that the information
        you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;

        

        In general, we may request and store following information from you:

        
a. Your email address;

        
b. Your first and last names;

        
c. Your age;

        
d. Your gender;

        
e. Your location and time-zone;

        
f. Your address;

        
g. Interface display language;

        
h. You in-game chat messages and history;

        
i. History of all your actions in the Game;

        
j. History of your purchase of Virtual Goods;

        
k. Your messages sent to our Support and history of all inquiries;

        
l. Details from your Facebook™ account which either you or Facebook™ are willing to share with us,
        including but not limited to: your name, your age and gender, list of friends, location, etc. We might use this
        information for the same purposes as described in this privacy policy, including to advertise some services to
        you.

        
m. To prevent users` cheating, crime or fraud. In such cases we might also need to pass your information
        to fraud prevention agencies or any other related organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention, such as
        the police.

        
n. We might use your data for the purposes of, in case you are living n EU, including it in the VAT
        invoices where we are legally required to do so.

        

        In order to make your visits to our Sites as pleasant as possible, we use, like many other companies, cookies
        and web beacons (collectively, “Data Collection Tools”). These Data Collection Tools automatically track and
        collect certain technical information that your browser sends to us. This information might include Internet
        protocol (IP) addresses, the browser type, browser language, Internet service providers (ISP), referring/exit
        pages, URLs, operating systems, date/time stamps, clickstream data and other similar information. However, this
        information doesn't identify individual users and we use it exclusively to analyze trends, to administer the
        site, to track user movements around the site as a whole to improve the services provided.

        

        Your Internet browser can be set to reject cookies generally. Note that we recommend you to allow all cookies
        from our Sites, otherwise some of our Services may work incorrectly and some features may become unavailable.

        

        Your information with limited access rights (including personal information) can only be accessed by our
        authorized employees or consultants or the concerned group entities that need to have access to this data in
        order to be able to fulfil their given duties.

        

        Any information we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is
        collected. We may, however, modify and revise our privacy policy from time to time without prior warning or
        notification. We strongly advise you to visit this page and read this Privacy Policy every time you access any
        of the Sites, Game or Services.

        

        You must be at least 13 years old to be allowed to access and/or use our Services. We do not knowingly collect
        personal data about children under the age of 13
        You have the following rights in relation to the personal information that we collect and store about you:

        
a. Right of access. You have a right to inquire and know what information we hold about you. In order to
        exercise this right you should contact our support team and to identify which information would you like to
        receive. We shall get back to you in the fullest extend possible, however please note, that we might need to
        verify your identity before sharing the information with you, as well as that we might not be able to provide
        you with certain types of information if it is related to other users information.

        
b. Right to correct personal information. We put our best effort to keep the information that we hold
        about you accurate and up to date. In case you have reasons to believe that the information we hold is not
        accurate, please inform us at the support@totalbattle.com and we
        will act accordingly.

        
c. Data deletion. In some cases you have a right to have some of the personal information that we hold
        about you deleted from our data base. In case you want to exercise such a right, please let our support team
        know via e-mail. Be informed, that in order to prevent us from collecting any future information about you, you
        should delete the game applications from your devices and clear your cookies. Some of your information might
        still be stored within our database for the legal or financial purposes.

        
d. Account deactivation. You have a right to deactivate the account you created with us, for purposes of
        doing so you might need to provide us with additional information such as the reasons for deactivation. Please
        note that deactivating your accound will lead to the loss of any progress made in the game by you.

        
e. Direct marketing opt out. If you have agreed to receiving direct marketing communications from us, you
        have a right to “opt-out” from receiving those by clicking the according link in the marketing communication
        sent to you.

        

        This Privacy Policy is the legal part of the Terms of Service, which is published at: https://totalbattle.com/en/sw/#terms_of_service.
    
 
































PAYMENTS POLICY


        Last Update: August 1, 2017

        

        Hereinafter:

        

        “We” or “Us” or “Our” should be regarded as “SCOREWARRIOR LIMITED”, “You” or “Your” should be regarded as “user”
        or “player”, “Services” should be regarded as “all and any services provided by Us”.

        

        This Payments Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Service of the Game and Services that we provide to You
        and by starting to use our services you agree to this Payments Policy.

        

        The prices for Virtual Goods are set in Euro, US Dollars or other currency applicable to your region and are
        displayed either in the description of corresponding Virtual Goods or on the “Buy” button. To execute a
        purchase, you should click on the “Buy” button. The lowest price of any Virtual Good is commensurable of 2.99
        USD. The highest price could reach up to 499.99 USD.

        

        Payments accepted worldwide, but could be rejected in case you are located in Iran, North Korea, Cuba or any
        other coutry on which the international sanctions are imposed.

        

        After clicking on the “Buy” button you will be offered to choose a payment method and enter respective payment
        details. We support payments with Visa™, MasterCard™, Maestro™ debit/credit cards along with a number of other
        payment methods applicable to your region.

        

        NOTE THAT WE DO NOT STORE ANY OF YOUR PAYMENT DETAILS ON OUR SERVERS. All data is stored and processed by the
        payment service provider.

        

        Before you confirm your purchase by clicking on any conspicuously labelled button which leads to conclusion of
        the purchase process or by making other actions (e.g. sending a message), you must review carefully your
        purchase details, including but not limited to: selected payment method, total price including all applicable
        taxes and charges. If you find any errors, you should correct them or cancel the purchase.

        

        NOTE THAT WE DO OUR BEST TO PROCESS AND COMPLETE YOUR PURCHASES AS FAST AS PRACTICALLY POSSIBLE, BUT UNDER
        CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES WE MAY NEED UP TO 72 (SEVENTY-TWO) HOURS TO COMPLETE YOUR PURCHASE. SUCH CIRCUMSTANCES MAY
        INCLUDE (WITHOUT LIMITATION): YOUR INTERNET CONNECTION FAILURE AT THE MOMENT YOU EXECUTE THE PURCHASE, ERRORS
        AND/OR CONNECTION FAILURES ON THE SIDE OF PAYMENT SERVICE PROVIDER, ETC.

        

        In most cases 72 (seventy-two) hours is enough for payment services providers either to process your payment (so
        we can complete it) or refund full price of your purchase automatically. In case none of the above happened
        after the expiration of 72 (seventy-two) hours, please kindly contact our Support Team at: support@totalbattle.com.

        

        We reserve following rights in respect to Virtual Goods:

        
a. Offer different sets and/or prices of Virtual Goods available for purchase for different users;

        
b. At any time in our sole discretion modify the sets and/or prices of Virtual Goods available for any
        user;

        
c. We may decline your request to acquire Virtual Goods for any reason.

        

        Following rules apply to Virtual Goods:

        
a. Virtual Goods may only be redeemed for other Virtual Goods where permitted in the Game;

        
b. All Virtual Goods are non-refundable and non-exchangeable (whether or not you use them), unless
        otherwise expressly stated in these Terms of Service or as it is required by applicable Law;

        
c. You cannot sell or transfer Virtual Goods to anyone, unless otherwise permitted by the Game and if
        such actions are carried out in special in-game interface;

        
d. You may only acquire Virtual Goods from us or other users of the Game via special interface inside the
        Game;

        
e. Virtual Goods cannot be exchanged for cash or any goods or services, except other Virtual Goods as
        permitted in the Game.

        

        ANY OF YOUR FURTHER ACTIVITY AFTER READING THIS PAYMENTS POLICY WITHIN THIS WEB-SITE OR WITH OUR SERVICES OR A
        PART OF THEM WILL BE DEEMED (AND YOU AGREE) AS FULL, UNCONDITIONAL AND IRREVOCABLE CONSENT THAT HAS THE EQUAL
        POWER TO YOUR WRITTEN CONSENT.

        









 
































REFUND POLICY


        Last Update: August 1, 2017

        

        Hereinafter:

        

        “We” or “Us” or “Our” should be regarded as “SCOREWARRIOR LIMITED”, “You” or “Your” should be regarded as “user”
        or “player”, “Services” should be regarded as “all and any services provided by Us”.

        

        This Refund Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Service of the Game and Services that we provide to You
        and by starting to use our services you agree to this Refund Policy.

        

        Under the terms of Refund Policy set forth herein, We do not guarantee any reimbursements, returns and refunds
        and in no case We will provide cash refunds. At Our sole discretion We may choose to reimburse You only with
        game currency or virtual goods. You agree that We cannot prevent all possible technical issues when Services may
        be disrupted. If during the usage of Services there was such technical issues (including any error), You can
        contact our Support team (e-mail: support@totalbattle.com).

        

        Basic conditions of Refund Policy

        
1. Your refund request (claim, petition) will only be considered if it is requested within the first
        twenty-four (24) hours of the alleged transaction, or within seven (7) days when the loss occurred or if You
        allegethat another individual (or a minor) has accessed Your player account. Any of Your requests submitted
        after the lapse of such time will not be considered.

        
2. In case of occurance of any issues We reserve the right to demand and You agree to provide Us with any
        available screenshots and other documents at Our sole discretion to verify your identity and confirm Your
        descriptions and request within 5 (five) days from the day of Our demand. No request or claim from You will be
        processed without supporting documentation. Any of Your requests will not be considered after the lapse of such
        time and in case You did not provide Us with necessary documents.

        
3. As soon as possible, Support team will consider Your application and will put the best effort to
        figuring out the problem. After such consideration We will be able, at our sole discretion to: - decide to
        return Your game currency or virtual goods; or - refuse to return such game currency or virtual goods without
        explanation and further appeal.

        
4. Reimbursements will not be given unless the Support team is able to verify that the loss occurred due
        to a game irregularity outside of normal gameplay, primarily as the result of a documented bug or server error.

        
5. We reserve the right to withhold any refund or reverse transaction until the identity of Your player
        account is adequately established to our satisfaction, in order to ensure that any payment made to Us will be
        honoured after a refund has been made. You agree to provide, in case We demand, a notarized identification, or
        any other certified identification in accordance with the applicable laws of Your jurisdiction. If such
        notarized or certified identification or documents are not provided within five (5) days of our request, then
        such refund or reverse transaction shall not be effected, Your player account shall be closed and You shall
        forfeit all funds in Your player account, such decision shall be final, binding and not subject to appeal.

        
6. All purchases of virtual currency and virtual goods are deemed to be final and non-refundable, unless
        stated otherwise at Our discretion.

        
7. No Our employee outside of Our Support team is authorized to reimburse You or appeal the Support
        team’s decision.

        
8. In any case the following does not result in any returns or refunds or reimbursements by Us to You and
        you indemnify Us from any responsibility: - potential or theoretical gain; - any losses attributable to errors
        in Your system (i.e. computer, Internet connection, etc.) or any system owned by a third party; - being banned
        from the game or any of Our Services for violating the in-game policies or any rules of providing of Our
        Services. You should play using a fair method in all games and should not in any way attempt to influence
        unfairly the outcome of that game. This includes using computer aids, mathematical equations, betting systems
        etc.; - timing out as a result of inactivity on your system (i.e. computer, Internet connection, etc.).

        
9. You grant Us with the right to hold You accountable (resulting in Your liability) for spamming with
        petitions or emails requesting returns or refunds or reimbursements or giving false information including in an
        attempt to receive any returns or refunds or reimbursements.

        
10. This Refund Policy may be amended from time to time due to the constant development of the Game and
        Services, therefore we advise you to always check for the latest version of this document that will always be
        available on the website and will enter in force from the moment it is published.

        

        ANY OF YOUR FURTHER ACTIVITY AFTER READING THIS REFUND POLICY WITHIN THIS WEB-SITE OR WITH OUR SERVICES OR A
        PART OF THEM WILL BE DEEMED (AND YOU AGREE) AS FULL, UNCONDITIONAL AND IRREVOCABLE CONSENT THAT HAS THE EQUAL
        POWER TO YOUR WRITTEN CONSENT.

    
 



























You entered invalid data


        Our website uses cookie files to offer you better experience. If you continue using our website, you are agreeing to accept such files. You can learn more about our Privacy Policy refering to cookie files and other technologies.    

Okay
Learn more







                Create Free Account            


            or login            
                existing account.            
















                        Checking data...
                    






                or sign up with:
            





    By signing up, you agree to our    
        Terms of service    ,
    
        Privacy policy    
    ,
    
        Payment policy    
    and    
        Refund policy    







                Log In            
















                        Checking data...
                    







            Forgot password?        


                or sign up with:
            









                Set new password            




















                        Checking data...
                    









            Password has been changed        










                Reset Your Password            






                Instructions for changing your password will be sent to the e-mail address above.            









                        Checking data...
                    
















            OK
        













DE



EN



ES



FR



IT



KO



PL



PT



RU



TR



ZH











                SIGN UP            




                LOG IN            


















                OPERATED BY SCOREWARRIOR LIMITED 
                228, Arch. Makariou III Avenue, AYIOS PAVLOS BUILDING (BLOCK B), office 512A, 3030, Limassol, Cyprus
                The address for cardholder correspondence: support@totalbattle.com



                        Terms of service                     /
                    
                        Privacy Policy                     /
                    
                        Payment Policy                     /
                    
                        Refund Policy                    








