




                    Forget about hours of waiting your troops to reach the destination point. New innovative portal
                    system is at your service, My lord! Place your portal at any point and slam your enemies!
                




                    Looking for challenge, Your Majesty? The best way is to face the mightiest warriors in dozens of
                    tournaments which are held every day.
                




                    The friend in need is a friend indeed or the one in the clan is even better. Team up under one
                    banner. The road to the Throne is too dangerous to walk alone on, so team up under one banner.
                




                    Feeling strong enough to challenge other lords in a fight? Show your command and diplomatic skills
                    to get to the Senate and persuade others to reach the Throne!
                



            Your House — betrayed, your Castle — destroyed, your loved ones are gone... You wake up in the forest among
            a few of your most loyal soldiers, all who are left of a once mighty army. Something went wrong and the
            poison in your wine didn’t kill you.
        

            Pharaoh, the one whom you trusted most turned to be a vial traitor. He
            organized an attempt to assassinate you and then seized power in the city. He bribed a servant to put poison
            in your wine and set the house on fire. Courageous captain Lucius managed to get you out from the building.
            Things moved too fast and Lucius couldn’t save your family. Lucius and other devoted captains will prove
            their loyalty in this multiplayer strategy game.
        

            Pharaoh’s treachery shall not remain unpunished! You need
            to take action now, capture your city back with the help of your loyal captains, restore the walls and build
            it back into invincibility! Then catch only a short breath before the real game begins. Seek justice and
            peace for your Kingdom!
        

            The Gods who created this world became much older and wiser as the time went by. The sense of beauty was
            growing inside. The first creatures Ifrit and Overlord seemed harsh and ugly. They decided to create other
            life forms which would be more sophisticated and complicated they. Ifrit and Overlord were worried about
            this. Bestiary never seen before in strategy games with no downloads.
        

            The Gods created elves, barbarians, demons, undead, dragons and beasts. These creatures had to fight for
            their place under sun. Soon, they have found their common enemy - humans. Beat them in a battle in an
            ultimate free online war game.
        

            Monsters terrify your citizens day and night. Take the most experienced soldiers lead by your most skilled
            captains. Show your power against this threat. An experience never seen before. Looking for a fresh bit of
            air? The monster number is challenging to test your valor.
        


            Online strategy games are famous for multiple long-time marches. Hours of waiting instead of instant action
            may irritate the most patient lords. This was the problem which our best mages from the Academy tried to
            solve at all costs. They were working day and night to work out the solution to make your army move across
            different battlefields. Forget about hours of waiting while your troops march towards enemy. Innovative
            portal feature is at your service. Be sudden and attack unexpectedly, ruin enemy castles and vanish. The
            distance in no longer the issue.
        

            Fantastic mix of strategy games and the heat of politics is in your browser. It won’t be enough to be the
            strongest lord ever with thousands well-trained soldiers behind your back. The world of Total Battle is
            built not only on physical force. Negotiations are inevitable if you want to unite hundreds of cities under
            one common banner. Every week battle drums announce the Clash for Throne. You need to be not only strong
            enough to win, also you have to persuade the Senate to vote for you. An experience which was never met
            before.
        


            The ruler of the seven kingdoms must be equipped properly leading army through the world of dangers. The
            best blacksmiths have represented their best pieces of equipment for you to help with the road to the
            Throne. Enemies will be much easier to beat in this online strategy game. Equipment is made from the ancient
            materials which can be found only in crypts. Some of them are extremely hard to find, but the result is
            really worth it.
        

            Pieces of equipment make your strong points even stronger and your weak points disappear.
            Different aspects may be covered and the wise ruler has to choose wisely from blacksmith’s list. If your
            Majesty is not satisfied with the result, you can strengthen your equipment with enchantments or gems.
            Everything is at your service to make the best from this.
        

            Academy conducts various researches in numerous technology branches. War requires not only the perfect
            strategy to plan, but a technology to research. Numerous ways to develop your city are at your service. You
            can follow one way or research them all to leave no chance to an enemy.
        

            Sometimes the circumstances may change or your Majesty might be looking for a new challenge. In this case
            the Mages from our Academy have invented Teleporter to another Kingdom, which can help you to restart the
            things or move closer to your new allies.
        

            You will never walk alone, your Majesty. Your most devoted captains are always with you. Each of them has
            their own unique abilities to use.
        

            Aydae knows how to defeat monsters. Dreadful creatures which managed to survive her attacks try to warn
            others to avoid her. She’s the perfect option to plan your strategy against monsters in this game. Logos is
            well-known for his scarface and extreme battle skills in duels. All swordsmen praise him like a god of sword
            mastery, and if you want to challenge some other lord in battle, he will be your best choice to show your
            enemies who’s stronger in this free online game. Many other captains with their own skills are waiting to be
            summoned under your banner.
        


            Every lord is dreaming to have the key from the Kingdom Treasury some day. It is being filled with golden
            ingots every minute and only the King, the King and the Hand of the King can decide how to spend them. Would
            be a personal gift like the squad of Royal Paladins or the sack of gold? Maybe you’re generous enough to
            give a bonus to the whole Kingdom? Then how about starting a global war by poisoning the whole army of the
            enemy using Plague?
        

            In the Treasury the King can give titles to the most loyal lords and punish your enemies. Those who deserve
            your mercy will obtain negative bonuses, while the traitors become enemies of the state! Show your power in
            ultimate.
        

            Indiana Jones would never dream about such amount adventures to have in his life. Mysterious crypts which
            contain rare materials for item crafting are full of dangers. Their gifts will be given to the most
            courageous explorers.
        


            Citybuilding is the vital part in every. It defines your prosperity and defense. City construction is
            perfectly balanced system, where every aspect is important. Who needs starving army behind ruined walls?
            Nobody! Play this war game for free and try this out.
        

            This massive online multiplayer strategy game and the world of Total Battle is a dynamically changing. The
            new lords are coming to stand their ground on the way to the Throne. They compete with each other in
            different tournaments, the winners receive generous rewards.
        

            Try to play for free and your best to challenge other players in individual tournaments. How wise and strong
            you are in the challenge for the Throne? Finally, the best warriors from each kingdom challenge themselves
            in the furious battle among all the kingdoms! The winner gets mountains of gold and respect of the others in
            the free online browser game.
        






                            “I love this game! Fun and fight! ”
                        

                            Thibaut, 45, France
                        








                            “Very good games. New realm so we can move very quickly! Excellent!”
                        

                            Stephanie, 42, Germany
                        








                            “Good game! And there in Polish yes !! I'm playing in translation in Portuguese,
                            congratulations for the beautiful game”
                        

                            Mariusz, 59, Poland
                        








                            “That’s just WOW! The best strategy game I’ve every played. The players not cussin’ and
                            being respectful to each other. The communication is just awesome! Thank you and keep on
                            goin’ with great work.”
                        

                            Martin, 68, USA
                        








                            “Really addictive gameplay. The bestiary is huge and takes lots time to study it all. Lots
                            of content to play and sometimes I just find myself late and night playing the game. ”
                        

                            William, 48 ,USA
                        








                            “Very Addicting. I play this game every day! I have invited others to play and they love it
                            too. Highly recommended for the entertainment. I played many other strategies and think that
                            this one is the best.”
                        

                            Leo, 47, Sweden
                        








                            “Good war game In my experience a lot of war games are similar but the thing that made this
                            game stick out was the sending. Good depth and interaction.”
                        

                            Pjetur, 58, New Zealand
                        






                PLAY
            


