Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to AIGRIND's game Warspear Online, website warspear-online.com, game forum forum.warspear-online.com and related services, which we here collectively call the Products. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on our website. Please check this page on a regular basis so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it. We respect the privacy rights of our customers and protect the personal information collected, stored and used in connection with our Products. Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes:

what personal data is collected by us
how we use and store your personal data
who can see the collected data
how you can manage your personal data.

If you are unwilling to accept the provisions of our Privacy Policy, please do not use our product.
1. What data we collect
Personal information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or offline. We collect personal information from you on a voluntary basis as described below. Our primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Services, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use and for use with our partners.
1.1. Data you provide us

Contact information (such as name and email address)
Username and password
Profile information (such as links to profiles on other networking websites)
Your messages to the Products (such as chat messages, player support tickets, your post on our forum). You should be aware that any visitor of the game forums may read your postings on the forums. Any information that you may post to the game forum and\or the game chat, including your username or other account profile information, will be disclosed and available to all users and viewers of the forum or the chat, and will therefore no longer be private. We also cannot guarantee the security of such information that is disclosed in a private message to a forum user or a player inside the game, because in this case you transfer your information to a third party, and you aware that you provide such information at your own risk.
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)

1.2. Data we collect automatically

Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
General location data
Data about your use of the Products, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Products
We also may create a specific ID for you when you use the Products.

1.3. Data we collect from our partners

Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Product (such as Facebook, Google etc.)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the game runs on and from payment systems, which is necessary to verify payments. To find out more about exact data that we receive from such partners please visit the websites of the partners that you use to make payments in the game
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, also crash reports (including game account ID's) transmitted to Google's service Firebase Crashlytics.

2. How we use your data
2.1. To operate and improve our Products
We process only data that necessary to

Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Products
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products you request
Send you Product-related communications
Develop and improve the Products and player experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you offers in connection with the Products as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
We may use the email address you provide to us to contact you with newsletters, marketing, or promotional materials. You can easily opt out of receiving these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link provided in any email we send.

2.2. To keep our Products safe and fair
In order to keep the Products safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use with respect to our EULA https://warspear-online.com/user-licence-agreement, we process necessary data to

Analyze and monitor use of the Products
Moderate chats
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players.

2.3. To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
3. Who can see your data
AIGRIND can see and process the data according to this Policy. We do not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described herein. We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to any third party, although non-personally identifiable information may be used by our partners according to this Policy and their own privacy policies. The collected data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
3.1. Players and users of the Products
We provide some social features placed in our Products, such as game chat, communication on our forums and some others. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, some in-game activities and read the messages you post in the game and game forums.
3.2. Our Partners
We have partners to perform services for us which allow us to provide better products for you. These partners process your data according to their privacy policies and AIGRIND’s instructions for providing services, such as hosting, player support, payments processing, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests. We may also disclose your data to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
The Products include features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices. Below you can find a list of our analytics and ad serving partners. For more information about their privacy practices regarding analytics and targeted advertising, please visit the links below.

AppsFlyer http://appsflyer.com/privacy-policy
Google Analytics http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Fyber https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Facebook https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Freshdesk https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/
Yandex AppMetrica https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/

Also, you may want to use alternative payment methods available for our Products, which are placed at https://warspear-online.com/payments. The data you enter at the website goes to the selected payment provider. Please read the payment partner’s privacy policy before sending your data.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to our Products, you should consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.
We may also share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
3.3. International data transfers
Our Products are global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world.
Different countries may have different data protection laws and/or privacy laws than your own country. We take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. However, by downloading or using our Products, you consent to having your information transferred and processed as described herein.
3.4. How do we protect your data
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods.
4. Your rights and options
4.1. Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
4.2. Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device. For more information on ad serving companies and how to opt out of their targeted advertising, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
4.3. Manage cookies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Products, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Products may then not function properly.
4.4. Access the personal data we hold about you
You have the right to see what personally identifiable information we hold about you if you request it. If your request is particularly complex or requires detailed searching of our records, there may be a cost to you in order for us to provide you with this information.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.
If you wish to review, delete and/or revise the personal information we have stored about you, you may send your request through the game client under your account from ingame menu "My Profile - Private Data", or contact us at [email protected] using the e-mail which is connected to your game account. We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and for accounting purposes.
5. Age limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Products. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.
If you are between the age of 13 and 16, please obtain your parents' permission prior to registering in our Products or providing us with any personal information.
6. Contacting Us
For enquiries regarding this Privacy Policy and personal information, please contact us at:
 
