
Privacy Statement for AHIMA Web Sites
 
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) NOTICE 
 
The American Health Information Management Association’s (AHIMA) privacy policy has been updated to comply with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Please review the following policy update. For questions, please call AHIMA Customer Service at (800) 335-5535 or send an inquiry to dpo@ahima.org.
CHOOSING TO PURCHASE OR USE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY AHIMA SIGNIFIES THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE PRIVACY STATEMENTS STATED WITHIN THIS DOCUMENT AND ACCEPT HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS STORED, USED, AND SHARED. 
 
AHIMA Data Privacy Statement 
AHIMA has created this Data Privacy Statement to demonstrate its firm commitment to data privacy. AHIMA is committed to honoring the privacy of anyone who provides their personal information to AHIMA. 
It is AHIMA’s goal to constantly improve its services to meet its customers’ needs. AHIMA may collect and store certain information, including personal information, to enable us to provide services to you, such as member services, product information and sales, and information about the profession. 
Scope of this Data Privacy Statement 
 
This statement applies to all products and services offered by AHIMA and covers all personal information that may be collected during the process of doing business. It does not apply to services and products offered by other entities or persons, including other companies and organizations that may advertise AHIMA services or any third party operating a website to which a link exists from an AHIMA website or other digital assets (such as electronic forms). 
 
Data collection 
 
Generally, personal information is collected when registering for an account using AHIMA online services or when submitting documentation using forms (e.g., Order Forms) by other electronic and paper methods. To comply with GDPR, AHIMA and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates, such as, but not limited to, AWC, must identify the personal data of citizens and residents of European Union member countries that we process, store, manage, and transfer. 
AHIMA subscribes to services that provide lists of individuals with some of the information identified below. In addition, at the person’s request, AHIMA may receive personal information from another entity (for example, universities). Personal information is captured as part of the person’s “Contact Profile.” Information captured in the profile may include:

Name
Address
Date of birth
Phone numbers
E-mail addresses
Employment history
School transcripts
Credit Card information may be received when provided by customer.

Credit card information submitted via the AHIMA Store is not retained in any form.
Paper forms that may contain credit card information are secured in locked cabinets and shredded by a third-party, secured shredding service when no longer required as part of the business process. Areas where credit card information may be accessed is monitored using video surveillance that is reviewed periodically.


 AHIMA online services use cookies on their websites to track use of the site, including IP addresses, pages visited, and the like for the purposes of capturing aggregate performance statistics and marketing information to provide mechanisms that improve online performance and help understand web content value. Cookies are used to improve and/or simplify the use of AHIMA’s online services by users. 
 
Other Uses of your information: 
 
Your information may be used to personalize your experience on AHIMA online services by presenting information that may interest you. You can opt out for these messages within the online profile you set up.

AHIMA provides member information to state associations (designated as component state associations, or CSAs) for standard business. Members may change their opt-in status in their profile to control how their information is distributed.
Convention and meeting exhibitors and sponsors receive attendee lists (featuring attendee name, title, company, and postal mailing address). Attendees can opt out of these mailings when registering for an event.

YOU CONTROL THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Members and customers can opt in/out of communications by changing their online communications preferences under "Update My Profile." 

 
WAYS IN WHICH AHIMA MAY USE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
• AHIMA may use personal information collected through its online services and other methods (such as e-mail, fax, chat, telephone) to provide you with information, products, and services you may be interested in, request, or purchase; to contact you with member information; to invite you to participate in surveys and research projects; to invite you to provide feedback; to better understand your needs or interests; or to improve our products and services.
• Additionally, basic personal information, as identified above, may be exchanged with AHIMA third-party business partners that aid in the delivery of purchased services.
• AHIMA may also share your information with governments, regulatory bodies, and/or supervisory authorities (EU entities), as required by law. 
 
Retention of Information 
 
AHIMA may retain your personal information in its systems for the duration of the relationship managed by your decision. Your information will be retained as required by law.
Your Rights, Called Out 
 
In accordance with data privacy and protection laws and regulations, you have a right to request data access or correction and restriction of sharing. Additionally, you have the right to data portability to the extent allowable under governing law. 
 
You have the right to choose to have your personal information removed from AHIMA systems. Please contact AHIMA Customer Service at (800) 335-5535 to make a formal request. AHIMA will take reasonable actions to remove your personal information from its systems by overwriting the fields as identified above with nonidentifiable data. If you chose to do this, AHIMA will not be able to recover your information if you re-engage with AHIMA.  
 
Print materials containing your information will be shredded by secured contractors and destroyed. 
 
For more information, you may contact Customer Service at (800) 335-5535 or send an inquiry to the Data Protection Officer at DPO@ahima.org.
 
Security 
 
AHIMA is committed to using appropriate technologies, contracts, administrative, physical, and organizational measures to protect your personal information from data loss, destruction, unauthorized access, and accidental and/or unlawful disclosure or manipulation. These measures are subject to continuous improvement actions as technologies progress. They are also reviewed and measured periodically to comply with all applicable privacy laws. 
If you suspect fraudulent activity, please contact AHIMA to verify validity of the communication. You can reach AHIMA by calling Customer Service at (800) 335-5535 or by e-mail at info@ahima.org.
Profile Data and Unique Identifiers
In AHIMA's Communities of Practice website, general profile data on members is accessible to other members in aggregate form. Information provided to other members includes a member's name, city, state, job title, and workplace as part of an online member directory. Other identifying information is not available.
Unique identifiers (such as membership identification numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity, provide customized Web pages, and customized information, and for use as account numbers in our record system. Such unique and individually identified information is never sold or provided to third parties.
Public Forums 
AHIMA sites make discussion forums available to users. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Discussion forums may be monitored for content by AHIMA. AHIMA retains the right to remove content at its discretion. 
 
 
 
American Health Information Management Association 
233 N. Michigan Ave., 21st Floor 
Chicago, IL 60601 

© 2018 American Health Information Management Association 

