
We collect and use personal information (including name, address, telephone number and email) in order to:

Respond to queries or requests submitted by you
Provide services such as our Email Alert service
Process orders or applications submitted by you
Administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with us
Anticipate and resolve problems with any services supplied to you
We do not share this personal information with any other party
Visiting other sites

This policy applies to G4S.com.  However other G4S web sites may contain policies which are different from this one. If you visit other G4S web sites please check the privacy policy of the site you visit.
We cannot be responsible for the policies and practices of other web sites even if:

You accessed the third party web site using links from our web site; or
You linked to our web site from a third party web site

We recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact the owner or operator of such web site if you have any concerns or questions.

For more information about our policy, please contact: group.communications@g4s.com


What is a “cookie”? 
A "cookie" is a text file containing small amounts of information which a server downloads to your personal computer (PC) or mobile when you visit a website. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: 
www.allaboutcookies.org  and www.youronlinechoices.
There are different types of cookies which are used to do different things, such as letting you navigate between different pages on a website efficiently, remembering preferences you have given a website, and improving your overall experience. Others are used to provide you with advertising which is more tailored to your interests, or to measure the number of site visits and the most popular pages users visit. 
Session based cookies v. Persistent cookies 
Some cookies are allocated to your PC only for the duration of your visit to a website, and these are called session based cookies. These automatically expire when you close down your browser. Another type of cookie would remain on your PC for a period of time. These are known as “persistent” cookies.

The cookies used on this site are based on the International Chamber of Commerce guide for cookie categories:
Strictly necessary
Performance
Functionality
Targeting

Types of cookies we use
Strictly necessary cookies 
 These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. For those types of cookies that are strictly necessary, no consent is required. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website. 
For example these cookies will:

remember information you’ve entered on forms when you navigate to different pages in a single session,
identify you as logged in to the Website

These cookies don't gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet. These cookies are not used to gather information that could be used to advertise products or services to you or remember your preferences or username beyond your current visit. 

Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the website, so if you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee or predict how our website will perform during your visit.
Strictly necessary” cookies provided by G4S:
Here is a list of the cookies we have defined as 'strictly necessary'.

 "ASP.NET_SessionId"  Standard cookie required by our website to make the site work 
"website #lang"  Standard cookie to make the site available in multiple languages as required

Performance cookies 
 'Performance' cookies collect information about how you use our website e.g. which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors. We use these only to improve our site or measure response rates. All information collected by these cookies is anonymous and does not in any way impact on your privacy. We need to use them to maintain our site's effectiveness and ease of use and to improve how our website works, understand what interests our users or measure how effective certain features of our Website are.
For example we use these to provide statistics on how our Website is used. We do not pass this information to anyone. We also use performance cookies to help us improve the website by measuring any errors that occur or test different designs of our website.
In some cases, some of these cookies are managed for us by third parties. Where cookies are managed by third parties, any data may be used by such third parties but all data is collected in anonymised form and is used in aggregate.
Using our site indicates that you accept the use of 'Performance' cookies. Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the Website, so if you prevent them we cannot guarantee how our site will perform for you.
Performance cookies provided by this site: 

Here is a list of cookies we classify as “performance cookies”
 “__utma” Standard google analytics cookies, used to provide anonymous statistics about how our site is used
 “__utmb”
“__utmc”
 “__utmz”

Functionality cookies
'Functionality' cookies are used to provide services or to remember settings and choices you make to improve your experience during your visit.
For example, these cookies:

Show you when you are logged into the website
Will remember your log-in details
Will remember the settings you've applied such as preferences,
Will remember whether we've already asked you if you want to fill in a survey
Measure traffic received from various websites

Functionality cookies collect non-identifiable data. No personal details are stored in this process and the information collected is only used in aggregate. We sometimes share some of the information with partners to provide a service on our website. In addition, some of these cookies are managed for us by third parties. In any case, the information shared or collected by third parties is only to be used to provide the service, product or function and not for any other purpose.
Functionality cookies provided by this site: 
We will only collect functionality cookies based on your selection. If you accept the use of cookies we will store this information in a Functionality cookie named ‘cookiesettings’.

“cookiesettings”   A cookie required to ensure we continue to collect cookies as per your agreement

Targeting cookies (not used on this website) 
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. 

We do not use targeting cookies on this site. 

How we collect your consent 
When you enter our site for the first time, you will see a notice requesting your consent to use cookies as follows: 

"Our website uses cookies to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read more about the individual cookies we use and how to recognise them by clicking here Cookies Page."

Having seen this notice you are agreeing to our use of cookies by continuing to browse the site.

Browser settings 
Cookies can also be removed from your PC using browser settings but there will still be some deterioration in the service you receive (for example you may not be able to access a page you earlier personalised).
Your browser lets you choose whether to accept, not to accept or to be warned before accepting cookies. These can be found in the advanced preferences. 
If you delete all your cookies you will have to update your preferences with us again. 
If you use a different device, computer profile or browser you will have to tell us your preferences again.



    This policy applies to G4S.com.  However other G4S web sites may contain policies which are different from this one. If you visit other G4S web sites please check the privacy policy of the site you visit.

We cannot be responsible for the policies and practices of other web sites even if:
You accessed the third party web site using links from our web site; or
You linked to our web site from a third party web site
We recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact the owner or operator of such web site if you have any concerns or questions.

For more information about our policy, please contact: group.communications@g4s.com

