
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
We may ask you to provide various personal information when using the services, as described below. If you use GE Appliances' WiFi Connect platform, we will collect and store data from your connected appliances and/or devices in accordance with our Connected Data Privacy Policy.
We may need to collect and use some of the information listed below because we are either legally required to do so or because we need it to provide the requested services to you. If you do not provide the information that we ask for, we may not be able to provide you with the requested services.

PRODUCT AND ACCOUNT REGISTRATION
When you register a product or an account with GE Appliances, we ask you to provide your name, address, phone number, email address, and your product's model number, serial number and purchase date. You are required to provide this information so that we can register your product or account.


CUSTOMER SERVICE
If you schedule a service call or delivery, make a consumer inquiry, or email us, we may collect your name, telephone number, and email address so we can respond to your questions and comments. You may choose to provide additional information as well, such as the model and/or serial number of your product, the date your product was purchased and/or installed, or the nature of your issue or question.


GE APPLIANCES STORE/GE PARTS STORE
To provide access to members of the GE Appliances Store and GE Appliance Parts Store, we may ask you to furnish your authorization code, name, address, phone number and email address. When making a purchase, we may ask for your contact information, including your name, postal address, phone number, email address and your payment information, including your credit card number and billing information.


PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES
If you choose to participate in our promotional activities, such as rebates, contests and other similar promotions, we may collect your name, email address, and your telephone number to administer your participation. We may also collect additional information, such as the model and/or serial number of your product, and the date your product was purchased and/or installed, so that we can confirm that you qualify to take part in a specific promotional activity (e.g., when a promotional activity is available only for users of certain products or services). Some of these activities have additional rules containing information about how we use and disclose your personal information.


THROUGH APPLICATIONS & OTHER ONLINE ACTIVITIES
We may collect information through software applications made available or used by us (e.g., when we provide you with maintenance or repair services), or when you otherwise use our online services or platforms. We may collect information typically collected through web sites and applications, such as browser and device information, application usage data, information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies, and IP addresses. See the section titled 'Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies' below.


QUESTIONNAIRES AND SURVEYS
We occasionally may ask visitors to our web site and consumers to complete online surveys and opinion polls about their activities, attitudes and interests. These surveys help us serve you better and improve the usefulness of our site. In conducting these surveys, we may ask you for your name and email address. We do not keep any personal information about you in connection with your participation in a GE Appliances survey unless you specifically agree to provide that information.


SEND CONTENT TO A FRIEND
You can send certain content to your friends. To do so, we ask you to provide your name and your friend's email address. We use this information to send the content to your friend.


LOCATION INFORMATION
If you use any location-enabled products, you may be sending us location information. GE Appliances does not store or use this information other than to provide the service you requested. For example, a mobile product may use GPS data to find a nearby dealer and/or service provider of our products. Location-enabled features for GE Appliances websites are opt-in and you have control over your participation and can turn these services off at any time.


