



	
        Language:
        
    

Home > 
About ICCF > ICCF Privacy Policy
ICCF Privacy PolicyWe are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our players; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
 1. What information do we collect?

 We collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:


  information that you provide to either your National Federation or to ICCF for the purpose of registering as a player, including your name, your email address, your date of birth, your gender, and your postal address,

  information about your computer and about your visits to and use of iccf.com and iccf-webchess.com,

  your chess games, including messages exchanged with other players, your rating history and your titles, etc.


  

 2. Cookies

 In common with many websites, ICCF use ‘cookies’ keep you logged into the site. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer, which help us to identify you when you visit the site (for example to allow us to show you your own list of games, etc.).

 3. Using your personal information

 ICCF use your email address for the following purposes:


  You will be sent notifications about events which you have opted to play in, for example start lists, etc.

  You will be sent notifications of your moves and your opponent’s moves in the correspondence chess games you play. These notifications can be opted out of from the personal preferences section of the web site.

  You may be sent automatic reminders about games you are playing, for example when you or your opponent have overstepped certain time control events.

  You may be sent promotional material about upcoming ICCF or national events. These emails can be opted out of from the personal preferences section of the web site. ICCF use your date of birth and your gender to ensure that you enter tournaments which require these as qualification (for example Ladies events, Juniors or Veterans events, etc.). ICCF also use this information to send you specific opt-out promotional email.


  

 4. Disclosures

 We do not pass on your personal information to third parties unless required to do so by law. Your personal information is available to trusted officials, including ICCF Officers, National Delegates, Tournament Organisers, and Tournament Directors. Your email address and date of birth are only available to these officials.

 ICCF also organise postal events, if you enter these events, your postal address will be shared with your opponents in the same event; however is otherwise considered to be confidential.

 Your full name, gender, rating history, chess games and tournaments, etc. are available to all website visitors, including anonymous visitors.


            by sd@iccf.com
last updated Monday, February 4, 2013
        



