Acceptance of the Terms of Service
The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, these “Terms of Service”), govern your access (“you”, “your”, “Subscriber”) to and use of www.pornhubpremium.com (hereinafter “Pornhub Premium” or the “Website), including any content, functionality and services offered on or through the Website, whether as a guest or a registered user. These Terms of Service apply to the Website, web pages, interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs, social networks, social network “tabs”, or other online or wireless offerings that post a link to these Terms of Service, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology, manner or means.
Please read the Terms of Service carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Service when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy, found at http://www.pornhubpremium.com/terms/#policy, incorporated herein by reference. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Service or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
If you access or use the Website, whether you click to accept or not, you agree to all of the various terms in these Terms of Service. If you do not understand all of these Terms of Service, you should consult an attorney before agreeing to any of the Terms of Service.
You consent to entering these Terms of Service electronically, and to storage of records related to these Terms of Service in electronic form.
When using the Website, you shall be subject to any posted rules, community guidelines, or policies. Such rules, guidelines, and policies are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service. We may also offer other websites that are governed by different Terms of Service.
Ability to Accept Terms of Service
You affirm that you are at least 18 years of age or the age of majority in the jurisdiction you are accessing the Website from, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service. If you are under 18 or the applicable age of majority, you are not permitted to submit personal information to us or use the Website. You also represent that the jurisdiction from which you access the Website does not prohibit the receiving or viewing of sexually explicit content.
Changes to the Terms of Service
We may modify or revise these Terms of Service from time to time in our sole discretion and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. Although we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to these Terms of Service, you are expected to periodically review the most up-to-date version found at http://www.pornhubpremium.com/terms/#terms, so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
If we change anything in these Terms of Service, the change will be reflected in the “last modified date”. You agree that you will periodically review these terms and refresh the page when doing so. You agree to note the date of the last revision of these terms. If the “last modified” date is unchanged from the last time you reviewed these terms, then they are unchanged. On the other hand, if the date has changed, then there have been changes, and you agree to re-review the terms, and you agree to the new ones.
All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter. The updated version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon being posted, and the prior version(s) shall have no continuing legal effect. If you do not review new terms as posted, then you agree that you have waived your right to do so, and you are therefore bound by the updated conditions, even if you failed to review the new ones. You are on notice of changes, and your failure to review the amended terms is your own omission. By continuing to use the Website subsequent to us making available an amended version of these Terms of Service, you thereby acknowledge, agree to and consent to such amendment.
About Our Website
Pornhub Premium allows for uploading, sharing and general viewing of various types of adult-oriented content by registered and unregistered users who desire to share and view visual depictions of adult-oriented content, including sexually explicit images. In addition, Pornhub Premium contains texts, messages, files, data, information, images, photos, videos, recordings, materials, code or content of any kind and other materials posted/uploaded by users.
The Website may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Pornhub Premium. Pornhub Premium has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, Pornhub Premium will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Website you expressly relieve Pornhub Premium from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Website and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.
The Website is for your personal use and shall not be used for any commercial endeavor except those specifically endorsed or approved by Pornhub Premium.
This Website is for adult-oriented content. Other categories of content may be deleted.
You understand and acknowledge that when using Pornhub Premium, you will be exposed to content from a variety of sources, and that Pornhub Premium is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such content. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Pornhub Premium with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold Pornhub Premium, its site operator, its parent corporation, their respective affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the Website.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for:

making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website;
ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Service and comply with them.

To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy found at http://www.pornhubpremium.com/terms/#policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential and, you must not disclose it to any other person or entity and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your user name or password. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security by contacting us at the relevant address listed at http://support.pornhubpremium.com. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information. Although Pornhub Premium will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of Pornhub Premium or others due to such unauthorized use.
If you interact with us or with third-party service providers, and you provide information, including account or credit card or other payment information, you agree that all information that you provide will be accurate, complete, and current. You will review all policies and agreements applicable to use of third party services. In the event you use our Website over mobile devices, you hereby acknowledge that your carrier’s normal rates and fees, such as excess broadband fees will still apply.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that Pornhub Premium reserves the right to charge fees for Pornhub Premium services and Website access and to change its fees in its complete and sole discretion.
Authorization of use
Subscribers to the Website are hereby authorized a single access rights to access the service or material located at this website. This access rights shall be granted for sole use to one Subscriber. All memberships are provided for personal use and shall not be used for any commercial purposes or by any other third parties. Commercial use of either the Website or any material found within is strictly prohibited unless authorized by the website. No material within the Website may be transferred to any other person or entity, whether commercial or non-commercial. No material within the Website may be distributed through peer-to-peer networks or any other file sharing platforms. In addition, materials may not be modified, or altered. Materials may not be displayed publicly, or used for any rental, sale, or display. Materials shall extend to copyright, trademarks, or other proprietary notices there from. MG Billing and the Website reserve the right to terminate this access rights at any time if the terms of this agreement are breached. In the case that the terms are breached, subscriber will be required to immediately destroy any information or material printed, downloaded or otherwise copied from the site.
"OPT-IN AND USER COMMUNICATION" – Subscriber's expressly and specifically acknowledges and agrees that his email address or other means of communicating with subscriber may be used to send him offers, information or any other commercially oriented emails or other means of communications. More specifically, some offers may be presented to the subscriber via email campaigns or other means of communications with the option to express the subscriber's preference by either clicking or entering "accept" (alternatively "yes") or "decline" (alternatively "no"). By selecting or clicking the "accept" or "yes", the subscriber indicates that the subscriber "OPTS-IN" to that offer and thereby agrees and assents that the subscriber's personal information, including its email address and data may be used for that matter or disclosed to third-parties."
"OPT-OUT AND USER COMMUNICATION" – Subscriber's expressly and specifically acknowledges and agrees that his email address or other means of communicating with subscriber may be used to send him offers, information or any other commercially oriented emails or other means of communications. More specifically, other offers may be presented to the subscriber via email campaigns or other means of communications with a pre-selected preference or choice. If the subscriber does not deselect the pre-selected preference of choice (i.e. "OPT-OUT" of the offer) then the site may transfer the subscriber's personal profile information to the third-party service or content provider making the offer. If the subscriber deselects the pre-selected preference then no personal information about the subscriber may be disclosed to any third-party service or content provider.
 
Our Intellectual Property
Pornhub Premium and our associated logos and names are our trademarks and/or service marks. Other trademarks, service marks, names and logos used on or through the Website, such as trademarks, service marks, names or logos associated with third party Content providers, are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners. You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks, service marks or logos.
The inclusion of images or text containing the trademarks or service marks or the name or likeness of any person, including any celebrity, does not constitute an endorsement, express or implied, by any such person, of Pornhub Premium or the Website or vice versa.
Certain materials available on or through the Website are content we own, authored, created, purchased, or licensed (collectively, our “Works”). Our Works may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and/or other laws, and we reserve and retain all rights in our Works and the Website. We hereby grant you a royalty-free, limited, revocable, non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive license to access our Works solely for your personal use in connection with using the Website. You may not otherwise reproduce, distribute, communicate to the public, make available, adapt, publicly perform, link to, or publicly display the Works or any adaptations thereof unless expressly set forth herein. Such conduct would exceed the scope of your license and constitute copyright infringement.
Pornhub Premium provides an “Embeddable Player” feature, which you may incorporate into your own websites for use in accessing the Content on the Website. You may not modify, build upon or block any portion or functionality of the Embeddable Player in any way, including but not limited to links back to Pornhub Premium.
The above described license is conditioned on your compliance with these Terms of Service, and shall terminate upon termination of these Terms of Service. If you breach any provision of these Terms of Service, any license you have obtained will be automatically rescinded and terminated. In order to protect our rights some Content made available on the Website may be controlled by digital rights management technologies, which will restrict how you may use the Content. You must not circumvent, remove, delete, disable, alter or otherwise interfere with any digital rights management technology. Such conduct is prohibited by law.
If the Website allows you to download or otherwise copy our Works, you are not buying or being gifted copies thereof. Instead, you are licensing a limited, revocable, non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive right to possess and use the copies for personal, non-commercial use, subject to specific terms and conditions (the “Download License”). Under this Download License you may not thereafter reproduce, distribute, communicate to the public, make available, adapt, publicly perform, or publicly display the Website and Works or any adaptations thereof unless expressly set forth herein. Such conduct would exceed the scope of your Download License and constitute copyright infringement. At the expiration of your Download License or the termination of these Terms of Service, you will delete or otherwise dispose of all copies of Works in your possession.
Content Posted by Users
The Website may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, playlists, forums, bulletin boards and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to upload, post, create, submit, publish, make available, send, share, communicate, display or transmit to other users or other persons (collectively, “post”) content, data, information, videos, images, recordings, materials, code or content of any kind (collectively, “Content”) on or through the Website.
As a Pornhub Premium account holder you may submit Content to the Website and other Websites linked to the Website including videos and user comments. You understand that Pornhub Premium does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any Content you submit.
You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of posting, uploading, publishing transmitting or otherwise making available your Content on the Website. You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any Content you submit or contribute, and you, not us, have full responsibility for such Content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness. We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any Content posted by you or any other user of the Website. We do not control Content you submit or contribute and we do not make any guarantee whatsoever related to Content submitted or contributed by users. Although we sometimes review Content submitted or contributed by users, we are not obligated to do so. Under no circumstances will we be liable or responsible in any way for any claim related to Content submitted or contributed by users.
You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish Content you submit; and you license to Pornhub Premium all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to such Content for publication on the Website pursuant to these Terms of Service.
You further agree that Content you submit to the Website will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant to Pornhub Premium all of the license rights granted herein.
You understand that if you post copyrighted material, and the copyright owner requests it, we will provide that copyright owner with your personally identifiable information so that they may prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law.
For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your Content. However, by submitting Content to Pornhub Premium, you hereby grant Pornhub Premium a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, exploit, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, communicate, and perform the Content in connection with the Website and Pornhub Premium’s (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also waive to the full extent permitted by law any and all claims against us related to moral rights in the Content. In no circumstances will we be liable to you for any exploitation of any Content that you post. You also hereby grant each user of the Website a non-exclusive, royalty free license to access your Content through the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display, communicate and perform such Content as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under these Terms of Service. The above licenses granted by you in video Content you submit to the Website terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your videos from the Website. You understand and agree, however, that Pornhub Premium may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of your videos that have been removed or deleted. The above licenses granted by you in user comments you submit are perpetual and irrevocable.
Pornhub Premium does not endorse any Content submitted to the Website by any user or other licensor, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Pornhub Premium expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Content. Pornhub Premium does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Website, and Pornhub Premium will remove all Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another’s intellectual property rights. Pornhub Premium reserves the right to remove Content without prior notice.
All Content you submit must comply with the Content standards set out in these Terms of Service.
If any of the Content that you post to or through the Website contains ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to us, we will have no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to such Content, and we shall be entitled to use, exploit or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Content at our sole discretion without any obligation to you whatsoever (i.e., you will not be entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from us under any circumstances).
In the process of posting Content to Pornhub Premium, you may be asked to provide some personally identifying information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, a password, and other documentation. You may also be asked to provide such information in order to use certain features of the Website.
We will keep a record of the information you provide, including your personally identifiable information. That information may be linked in our records to other information you provide, including Content. We will not provide your name or other personally identifying information to our advertisers or business partners without your permission. Please note that some of the information you provide in registering for and using the Website, including the name used in registering for and using the Website or other personally identifying information, may be displayed to other members of Pornhub Premium, and may become public. In addition, we may disclose the personally identifying information and documentation you provide in some limited circumstances.
Prohibited Uses
You agree that you will only use the Website and our services for the lawful purposes expressly permitted and contemplated by these Terms of Service. You may not use the Website and our services for any other purposes, including commercial purposes, without our express written consent.
You agree that you will not use or attempt to use any method, device, software or routine to harm others or interfere with the functioning of the Website or use and/or monitor any information in or related to the Website for any unauthorized purpose. Specifically, you agree not to use the Website to:

violate any law (including without limitation laws related to torts, contracts, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, defamation, obscenity, pornography, rights of publicity or other rights) or encourage or provide instructions to another to do so;
act in a manner that negatively affects other users’ ability to use the Website, including without limitation by engaging in conduct that is harmful, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, intimidating, violent or encouraging of violence to people or animals, harassing, stalking, invasive of another’s privacy, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;
post any Content that depicts any person under 18 years of age (or older in any other location in which 18 is not the minimum age of majority);
post any Content for which you have not maintained written documentation sufficient to confirm that all subjects of your posts are, in fact, over 18 years of age (or older in any other location in which 18 is not the minimum age of majority);
post any Content depicting child pornography, rape, snuff, torture, death, violence, or incest, racial slurs or hate speech, (either aurally or via the written word);
post any Content that contains falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage Pornhub Premium or any third party;
post any Content that is obscene, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, libelous, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate;
post any Content containing unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam, junk mail, chain letters, pyramid schemes or any other form of unauthorized solicitation;
post any Content containing sweepstakes, contests, or lotteries, or otherwise related to gambling;
post any Content containing copyrighted materials, or materials protected by other intellectual property laws, that you do not own or for which you have not obtained all necessary written permissions and releases;
post any Content which impersonates another person;
deploy programs, software or applications designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, including by engaging in any denial of service attack or similar conduct;
deploy or use programs, software or applications designed to harm, interfere with the operation of, or access in an unauthorized manner, services, networks, servers, or other infrastructure;
exceed your authorized access to any portion of the Website;
remove, delete, alter, circumvent, avoid or bypass any digital rights management technology;
collect or store personal data about anyone;
modify without permission any part of the Website;
obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any Content or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Website;
exploit errors in design, features which are not documented and/or bugs to gain access that would otherwise not be available.

Additionally, you agree not to:

use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website;
use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website without our prior written consent;
use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent;
use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website;
introduce or upload any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs. time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or any other similar software, program or material which is malicious or technologically harmful or that that may damage the operation of another’s property or of the Website or our services;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website;
attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack;
otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.

Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:

remove or refuse to post any Content you submit or contribute to the Website for any or no reason in our sole discretion,
take any action with respect to any Content posted by you that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such Content violates these Terms of Service, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the public or could create liability for us,
disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that Content posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy,
take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website,
terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Service.

Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any Content on or through the Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD US HARMLESS AND OUR SITE OPERATOR, ITS PARENT CORPORATION, THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY US OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER US, SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
To maintain the Pornhub Premium services in a manner we deem appropriate for our venue and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, Pornhub Premium may, but will not have any obligation to, review, monitor, display, reject, refuse to post, store, maintain, accept or remove any Content posted (including, without limitation, private messages, public comments, public group chat messages, private group chat messages or private instant messages) by you, and we may, in our sole discretion, delete, move, re-format, remove or refuse to post or otherwise make use of Content without notice or any liability to you or any third party in connection with our operation of Pornhub Premium in an appropriate manner. Without limitation, we may do so to address Content that comes to our attention that we believe is offensive, obscene, violent, harassing, threatening, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate, or to enforce the rights of third parties or these Terms of Service or any applicable additional terms, including, without limitation, the Content restrictions set forth herein.
However, we do not undertake to review Content before it is posted on the Website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable Content after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or Content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Account Termination Policy
While pornographic and adult-oriented Content is accepted, Pornhub Premium reserves the right to decide whether Content is appropriate or violates these Terms of Service for reasons other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property rights, such as, but not limited to, obscene or defamatory material. Pornhub Premium may at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, remove such Content and/or terminate a user’s account for submitting such material in violation of these Terms of Service.
If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can terminate access to the Website or stop providing all or part of Pornhub Premium to you.
Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property
Pornhub Premium respects the intellectual property of others, and requires that you do the same. You may not upload, embed, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other proprietary rights of any person or entity.
Pornhub Premium operates a clear copyright policy in relation to any Content alleged to infringe the copyright of a third party. Details of that policy can be found at http://www.pornhub.com/information#dmca.  If you believe that any Content violates your copyright, please see our copyright policy http://www.pornhub.com/information#dmca for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement.
As part of our copyright policy, Pornhub Premium will terminate user access to the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, a user has been determined to be a repeat infringer. A “repeat infringer” is a person who has, or has been deemed to have, uploaded infringing materials five or more times. We reserve the right to terminate you as a repeat infringer prior to your fifth strike, but we will terminate you after your fifth.
Pornhub Premium is not in a position to mediate trademark disputes between users and trademark owners. Accordingly, we encourage trademark owners to resolve any dispute directly with the user in question. If the trademark owner is unable to reach a resolution with the user, it may send us a notice at legal@mindgeek.com. Pornhub Premium is willing to perform a limited investigation of reasonable complaints and will remove content in clear cases of infringement.
Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
This Website includes Content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by us, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect our opinion. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Changes to the Website
We may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Information about You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy http://www.pornhubpremium.com/terms/#policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Your Usage Information by Advertisers and Others
Pornhub Premium allows others to display advertisements using the Website. These third parties use technology to deliver advertisements you see using the Website directly to your browser. In doing so, they may automatically receive your IP, or “Internet Protocol”, address. Others that place advertising using the Website may have the ability to use cookies and/or web beacons to collect information, including information about your usage of the Website. We do not control the processes that advertisers use to collect information. However, IP addresses, cookies and web beacons alone generally cannot be used to identify individuals, only machines. Therefore, advertisers and others whose advertisements or content may be provided through the Service generally will not know who you are unless you provide additional information to them, by responding to an advertisement, by entering into an agreement with them, or by some other means.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to the Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our express written consent.
This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:

link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website;
send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website;
cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.

You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:

cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site,
otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Service.

The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these Terms of Service.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Links from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the contents, privacy policies, or practices of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any third party site, applications, software, content or advertising does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites. Further, you agree to release us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, content, service, or software accessed through the Website.
Your communications or dealings with, or participation in promotions of, sponsors, advertisers, or other third parties found through the Website, are solely between you and such third parties. You agree that Pornhub Premium shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any dealings with such sponsors, third parties or advertisers, or as the result of their presence on the Website.
Permitted Disclosures of Personal Information
Pornhub Premium generally does not collect personally identifiable information (data such as your name, email address, password, and the content of your communications) unless you submit or communicate Content through the Website, or register with us in order to use certain features of the Website. Pornhub Premium will not disclose any personally identifiable information it collects or obtains except: (i) as described in these Terms of Service or our Privacy Policy; (ii) after obtaining your permission to a specific use or disclosure; (iii) if Pornhub Premium is required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a court order, search warrant, subpoena, civil discovery request, or statutory requirement); (iv) as required to protect Pornhub Premium’s property, safety, or operations, or the property or safety of others; or (v) to a business that acquires Pornhub Premium, or the assets of Pornhub Premium in connection with which such information has been collected or used; or (vi) as otherwise required by law.
Billing
MG Billing Ireland Limited, Fitzwilliam Business Centre, 77 Sir John Rogerson Quay, Dublin, Ireland, Probiller.com, MGBill, Vendo, Segpay, WTS, or others (depending on Subscriber geographical location) may appear on Subscriber’s credit card, bank statement, or phone bill for all applicable charges. If multiple venues are joined utilizing any payment method, Subscriber’s statement will list each individual purchase comprising the transaction. MG Billing may include other information on Subscriber statement based on credit card association, telephone regulation, NACHA and any other mandated rules and regulations. If Subscriber elects to use a checking account to purchase a subscription to this site, a debit will be executed on their checking account.
Payment / Fee
The Website may have periodic subscription fees at the time of the initial enrolment for subscription. The member is responsible for such fees according to the terms and conditions of the Website.
Subscription and Membership fees to Website are subject to change at any time at the sole and absolute discretion of MG Billing. The official standard membership rates for the Website shall be set forth at the following link: http://www.pornhubpremium.com. The current monthly membership rate which will appear on Subscriber credit card bill, will be debited from Subscriber account, charged to Subscriber telephone, etc., depending Subscriber, choice of payment means.
You acknowledge that Pornhub Premium reserves the right to charge for Pornhub Premium services and to change its fees from time to time in its discretion. Furthermore, in the event Pornhub Premium terminates your rights to use the Website because of a breach of these Terms of Services, you shall not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of subscription fees.
Automatic Recurring Billing (If selected by Subscriber on the Sign Up Page)
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Website subscription fees may be automatically renewed at or after the end of the original term selected, for a similar period of time and for a similar or different amount, unless notice of cancellation is received from the Subscriber. Unless and until this agreement is cancelled in accordance with the terms hereof, Subscriber hereby authorizes MG Billing to charge subscriber's chosen payment method to pay for the ongoing cost of membership. Subscriber hereby further authorizes MG Billing to charge subscriber's chosen payment method for any and all additional purchases of materials provided on the Website.
Electronic Receipt
Subscribers will receive an email receipt to their email provided upon initial subscription. Subscriber may request a copy of the account of charges of their membership to the Website but MG Billing does not guarantee the availability of such records more than 365 days after Subscription date. Requests must be made directly to MG Billing. To contact MG Billing refer to Customer Support links on the Website, or click here.
Cancellation
At any time, and without cause, subscription to the service may be terminated by either: MG Billing, the Website, or the Subscriber upon notification of the other by electronic or conventional mail, by chat, or by telephone. Subscribers are liable for charges incurred until the date of the termination. Using the online form to cancel your membership, as opposed to contacting Customer Care via phone or chat, may result in an immediate loss of access to the Website.
Refunds
Refunds for purchases or recurring charges may be requested by contacting customer support. Refunds or credits will not be issued for partially used Memberships. Cancelation for all future recurring billing may be requested in accordance with Section 7 - Cancelation. MG Billing reserves the right to grant a refund or a credit applicable to purchases to the Website at its discretion. The decision to refund a charge does not imply the obligation to issue additional future refunds. Should a refund be issued by MG Billing for any reason, it will be credited solely to the payment method used in the original transaction. MG Billing will not issue refunds by cash, check, or to another payment mechanism.
Cardholder Disputes/Chargebacks
All chargebacks are thoroughly investigated and may prevent future purchases with MG Billing given the circumstances. Fraud claims may result in MG Billing contacting Subscriber’s issuer to protect Subscriber and prevent future fraudulent charges to Subscriber card.
Indemnification
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Pornhub Premium, its site operator, its parent corporation, their respective affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, damages, judgments, awards, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Website; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Website. You agree that we shall have the sole right and obligation to control the legal defense against any such claims, demands, or litigation, including the right to select counsel of our choice and to compromise or settle any such claims, demands, or litigation.
Disclaimers
YOU USE THE WEBSITE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WE PROVIDE THE WEBSITE “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, PORNHUB PREMIUM, ITS SITE OPERATOR AND THEIR RESPECTICVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO THE WEBSITE AND GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED AND OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE.
WE MAKE NO WARRANY OR REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS WEBSITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE OR THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS AND ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES. PORNHUB PREMIUM DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND, PORNHUB PREMIUM WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS.
Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent allowed by law, Pornhub Premium, its site operator, its parent corporation and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents shall not be responsible or liable to you for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of the following:

delaying, rejecting or removing any or all Content at any time for any or no reason whatsoever with or without notice to you,
modifying or discontinuing temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you for any or no reason whatsoever,
immediately terminating your access to the Website for any or no reason whatsoever and with or without notice to you,
the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information posted to or through the Website,
any user Content that does not get recorded, or is deleted, or for any similar unsatisfactory results or user Content,
any errors or omissions in any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Website,
personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our Website,
any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein,
any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our Website,
any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our Website by any third party, and/or
any loss or damage of any sort incurred by you as a result of interactions you have with third-party advertisements or service providers, or third-party websites, found on or through the Website, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, policies, warranties or representations associated with such dealings.

In no event shall we be liable to you for any incidental, indirect, punitive, statutory, exemplary, expectation, special, or consequential damages whatsoever (including damages for loss of profit, loss of goodwill, interruption, loss of business information or any other financial loss) in association with any individual or class-action claim, or any loss, damage, action, suit or other proceeding relating to or arising under or out of the Terms of Service, even if we have been notified of the possibility of such damages, whether the action is founded upon contract, infringement of intellectual property rights, tort, negligence or other grounds.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT PORNHUB PREMIUM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. YOU AGREE NOT TO FILE ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING INCONSISTENT WITH THE FOREGOING LIABILITY LIMITATIONS.
Governing Law
These Terms and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of Cyprus, as an agreement wholly performed, negotiated and executed therein without regard to conflict of law rules. You agree that: (i) the Website shall be deemed solely based in Cyprus; and (ii) the Website shall be deemed a passive Website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Cyprus. The sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be in an appropriate court located in Limassol, Cyprus. You hereby submit to the jurisdiction and venue of said Courts. You consent to service of process in any legal proceeding.
Any claim by you that may arise in connection with these Terms will be compensable by monetary damages and you will in no event be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief.
Limitation on Time to File Claims
Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Your Comments and Concerns
This Website is operated by MG Freesites Ltd, Athalassas 178, Irene Tower, 3rd Floor, 2025 Nicosia, Cyprus.
All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the copyright agent designated in our Copyright Policy http://www.pornhub.com/information#dmca in the manner and by the means set forth therein.
All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to the relevant address found at: http://support.pornhubpremium.com.
We may terminate these Terms of Service for any or no reason at any time by notifying you through a notice on the Website, by email, or by any other method of communication. Any such termination will be without prejudice to our rights, remedies, claims, or defenses hereunder. Upon termination of the Terms of Service, you will no longer have a right to access your account or your Content. We will not have any obligation to assist you in migrating your data or your Content and we may not keep any back up of any of your Content. We will not be not responsible for deleting your Content. Note that, even if your Content is deleted from our active servers, it may remain in our archives (but we have no obligation to archive or back-up your Content), and subject to the licenses set forth in these Terms of Service.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver of by the Company of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Service shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy and any documents they expressly incorporate by reference constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Assignment
These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Pornhub Premium without restriction.
Miscellaneous
No party, nor any of the parties’ respective attorneys, shall be deemed the drafter of this agreement for purposes of interpreting any provision hereof in any judicial or other proceeding that may arise between the parties.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms of Service, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement. For the purpose of clarity, Pornhub Premium’ representatives, managers, partners, joint venturers, employees, and agents are intended third-party beneficiaries.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by these Terms of Service.
The headings in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement
Reporting Claims of Copyright Infringement
We take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) and/or any other applicable intellectual property legislation or laws. Responses may include removing, blocking or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and/or terminating the user’s access to www.pornhubpremium.com (the “Pornhubpremium”).
If you believe any material accessible on Pornhubpremium infringes your copyright, you may submit a copyright infringement notification (see below, “Filing a DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement” for instructions on filing such a notice). These requests should only be submitted by the copyright owner or an agent authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.
If we remove or disable access to material in response to such a notice, we will take reasonable steps to notify the user that uploaded the affected content material that we have removed or disabled access to so that the user has the opportunity to submit a counter notification (see below, “Counter-Notification Procedures” for instructions on filing a counter notification). It is our policy to document all notices of alleged infringement on which we act.
Filing a DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement
*The fastest and easiest way to notify Pornhubpremium of alleged copyright infringement is via our form found at http://copyrightcomplianceagency.com/submit/index?id=pornhubpremium.com.
This form is designed to help you identify your content accurately and help speed up the process of content take-down.*
If you choose to request removal of content by submitting an infringement notification, please remember that you are initiating a legal process. Do not make false claims. Misuse of this process may result in the suspension of your account or other legal consequences.
We will also accept free-form copyright infringement notifications, submitted by email, fax and mail. In that case, in accordance with the DMCA, the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must include substantially the following:

Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material. If your complaint does not contain the specific URL of the video you believe infringes your rights, we may be unable to locate and remove it. General information about the video, such as a channel URL or username, typically is not adequate. Please include the URL(s) of the exact video(s).
Adequate information by which we, and the uploader(s) of any video(s) you remove, can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address).
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Complete complaints require the physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a representative authorized to act on their behalf. To satisfy this requirement, you may type your full legal name to act as your signature at the bottom of your complaint.

Our designated Copyright Agent to receive DMCA Notices is: 

Legal Team at Copyright Compliance Agency
Equity House
84 Albert Street
Belize City,
Belize
Phone: 0017024728855
Facsimile: 0017024728855
Email Pornhubpremium.com@copyrightcomplianceagency.com

If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on Pornhubpremium is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys” fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
Counter-Notification Procedures
If you have received a DMCA Notice and believe that material you posted on Pornhubpremium was removed or access to it was disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may file a counter-notification with us (a “Counter-Notice”). Counter notifications must be submitted by the video’s original uploader or an agent authorized to act on their behalf.
Counter-notices must be sent to our designated agent:

Legal Team at Copyright Compliance Agency
Equity House
84 Albert Street
Belize City,
Belize
Phone: 0017024728855
Facsimile: 0017024728855
Email Pornhubpremium.com@copyrightcomplianceagency.com

Pursuant to the DMCA, the Counter-Notice must include substantially the following:

Your name, address, phone number and physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the allegedly infringing content and its location before removal or access to it was disabled;
A statement under penalty of perjury that you believe in good faith that the content was removed by mistake or misidentification; and
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Court for the judicial district in which you are located (or if you are outside the U.S., for any judicial district in which the operator of Pornhubpremium may be found), and that you will accept service of process from the person who originally provided us with the DMCA Notice or an agent of such person.

We will not respond to counter notifications that do not meet the requirements above.
After we receive your Counter Notice, we will forward it to the party who submitted the original DMCA Notice and inform that party that the removed material may be restored after 10 business days but no later than 14 business days from the date we received your Counter Notice, unless our Designated Agent first receives notice from the party who filed the original DMCA Notice informing us that such party has filed a court action to restrain you from engaging in infringing activity related to the material in question.
Please note that when we forward your Counter Notice, it will include your personal information. By submitting a counter notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We will not forward the counter notification to any party other than the original claimant or to law enforcement or parties that assist us with enforcing and protecting our rights.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on Pornhubpremium was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
Repeat Infringers
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating and/or disabling, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, the accounts of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also at our sole discretion limit access to Pornhubpremium, terminate and/or disable the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Privacy policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT CAREFULLY. BY YOUR SUBSCRIPTION TO AND USE OF THIS SITE YOU WILL BE EXPRESSLY SIGNIFYING THAT YOU AGREE WITH THE POLICIES AND PRACTICES SET FORTH IN THE PRESENT PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT AND THAT YOU ASSENT TO THE USE OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT YOU SUPPLY OR THAT IS COLLECTED ABOUT YOU AS DETAILED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT.
IF YOU DO NOT EXPRESSLY AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT YOU SHOULD NOT SUBSCRIBE TO OR USE THIS SITE.
The present Privacy Policy Statement details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information and/or data gathered regarding subscriber ("you") and members of PornhubPremium ("our", "we", "us" the "site") websites including but not limited to pornhubpremium.com. In addition, this Privacy Policy sets forth all relevant policies and practices for the sites.
USE
This is an adult site that expressly and strictly limits its membership to adults. This site does not knowingly seek or collect any personal information or data from persons under the age of 18. All persons under the age of 18 are strictly prohibited from accessing or viewing the contents on this site without exception. If you are under the age of 18 and/or under the age of majority in the jurisdiction you reside and from which you access the website, then your account will be terminated without notice or delay.INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM SUBSCRIBERS
Any customer that joins/signs up as a subscriber of the site will be required to provide personal information as well as demographic information which may include the subscriber's name, physical address, e-mail address, zip code, country, username, and password. The site collects any and all such information and includes it in its customer database. In addition, other information such as IP address(es), referring website information, browser information, and other related data may be collected.
USE OF PERSONAL SUBSCRIBER INFORMATION
If the site features or conducts any special events, special promotions or offers, contests or polls, a subscriber of the site may be asked to provide information in order to participate, if the subscriber voluntarily provides that information, all such information may be collected by the site and included in its customer database.
If a subscriber sends any personal communication or correspondence by any means, to the site, or any of its employees, agents or representatives, the site may collect the information regarding that communication and include that information in its customer database.
The site may also automatically collect traffic and click-through data as well as information regarding the online behavior of subscribers by the use of "cookies" or other programming means - any information about subscribers collected by the site through the use of cookies or other programming means will generally not be associable to the specific user in any way.
USE OF YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS
Your email address will be used to contact you when we have information to provide you. Such information may include, but is not limited to, special offers, new services and promotions, information relating to your account as well as any other subscription-related information. We may send you emails both before and after you have terminated your membership with us. This may happen until you advise us, in accordance with the procedures explained below, that you no longer wish to receive email from us and/or from third parties with whom we have a direct or indirect relationship. We will periodically share your email address with other third parties, with whom we have a direct or indirect relationship with, for the purposes of sending you special advertisements or promotions.
Both we and our advertising partners comply fully with the federal CAN-SPAM Act, and as such all emails from us and our advertising partners will always, among other required disclosures, have a place for you to opt out of receipt of further email correspondence. Please note you will never receive emails from our advertising partners without your consent. Please report any unauthorized emails that you receive without your prior authorization.
DISCLAIMER
By the subscriber's use of the site, the subscriber expressly agrees that the site may use any personal information that has been provided by the subscriber or that has been collected by the site about the subscriber for any purpose, including without limitation, technical, administrative, research and development, customer administration, marketing, trading of personal data, age verification, promotional and advertising use by the site or third parties authorized to use the information by the site.
By the subscriber's use of the site, the subscriber expressly agrees that the site may, in its sole discretion share, disclose, transfer, rent, license or sell any of the personal information about subscribers that it has gathered or collected with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties.All personal information about a subscriber may be collected by a third-party web service provider that has an advertising banner or link on the site.
The site is not responsible or liable for the use of any information that a subscriber may provide, or that is gathered by third-party websites that have banner ads or links on the site. The site shall not be responsible for the privacy policy or the content of other such websites. This site does not control, monitor or endorse the information gathering practices or privacy policies of any of those third-party websites.
Whenever applicable, each subscriber should seek to read the privacy policy of any third-party website provider that has an advertising banner, advertises or has a link on the site.
All information collected may be shared when necessary to comply with applicable law and /or to cooperate with law enforcement agencies and the courts/tribunals.
A subscriber's IP address may be used to diagnose problems with the server and all other technical issues and to administer the websites.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE SITE
The site has adopted and implemented reasonable and technologically feasible procedures for maintaining the security, accuracy and integrity of all personal information relating to subscribers that is collected by the site.
While the website uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. All subscribers should consider any information provided to or collected by the site as non-confidential, and consequently the site assumes no liability or responsibility if any information relating to any subscriber is intercepted and/or used by an unintended recipient.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. The website uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
All financial data will only be shared with the site's third party processors in order to initiate and complete any orders placed on your account. All credit card transactions and such are processed with industry standard encryption through third party processors. Said processors only use your information for that purpose. All financial data and information shall be considered private information and will not be shared by the site with third parties except with your authorization or when necessary to carry out all and any transactions requested by the user with the understanding that such transactions may be subject to rules, terms, conditions and policies of a third party. All such information provided to a third party and all transactions are not governed by this Privacy Policy. All such information provided to a third party is subject to their terms and conditions.
Subscriber's e-mail address may be used by the site to communicate special offers and other relevant information such as new services, subscription information, etc. In addition, there may be occasions when a subscriber will be presented with special offers either from the operators of the site or from third-party service or content providers, which may include consent to receive e-mail solicitations, communications, newsletters, commercial advertising, or other promotional or special event materials.
"OPT-IN" & "OPT-OUT" PROVISIONS
"OPT-IN" -- Some offers may be presented to the subscriber with the option to express the subscriber's preference by either clicking or entering "accept" (alternatively "yes") or "decline" (alternatively "no"). By selecting or clicking the "accept" or "yes", the subscriber indicates that the subscriber "OPTS-IN" to that offer and thereby agrees and assents that the subscriber's personal information and data may be disclosed to third-parties.
"OPT-OUT" -- Other offers may be presented with a pre-selected preference or choice. If the subscriber does not deselect the pre-selected preference of choice (i.e. "OPT-OUT" of the offer) then the site may transfer the subscriber's personal profile information to the third-party service or content provider making the offer. If the subscriber deselects the pre-selected preference then no personal information about the subscriber may be disclosed to any third-party service or content provider.
CHANGES/MODIFICATIONS TO PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy may be changed, modified or edited at any time. It is the subscriber's responsibility to verify the Privacy Policy intermittently to see if there has been any change. All changes to the privacy policy shall be in effect thirty days after it is posted, unless the terms of the privacy policy indicate otherwise.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF MEMBERSHIP
Each subscriber should carefully read each of the terms and conditions of membership for the site. By accepting membership to this site, you are unconditionally accepting all of those terms and conditions. Some of those terms and conditions may also affect the right of this site to use information that it has gathered from subscribers.
OWNERSHIP
The website is owned and operated by MG Billing Ireland, MG Billing MU and MG Billing US.
THIRD-PARTY WEB BEACONS
We use third-party web beacons from Google to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Google may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
U.S.C. Section 2257 Compliance Notice
All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in this Website were over the age of eighteen years at the time of the creation of such depictions.With respect to all visual depictions displayed on this website, whether of actual sexually explicit conduct, simulated sexual content or otherwise, all persons in said visual depictions were at least 18 years of age when said visual depictions were created. The owners and operators of this Website are not the primary producer (as that term is defined in 18 USC section 2257) of any of the visual content contained in the Website. Please direct questions pertaining to content on this website to: support@pornhubpremium.com
The original records required pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 for materials contained in the website are kept by the appropriate Custodian of Records as follows:
Studio: 18 Carat
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Wegner, 20850 Dearborn St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: 1st Strike
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Entin, 6752 Eton Avenue Canoga Park, CA. 91303
Studio: 3 Vision Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Smith, 3166 E. Palmdale Blvd. Suit 214, Palmdale, CA. 93550
Studio: 3DXStar
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim - 7777 Boul Decarie Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec,H4P 2H2


Studio: 4 Stroke Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ingo John, Panska 8, Brno, Czech Republic, 602 00
Studio: 818 XXX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Acid Rain
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Weston, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91324
Studio: Adam & Eve Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Harvey, At PHE Inc, 302 Meadowland Dr., Hilsborough, NC, 27278
Studio: Adrenaline Rush
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 7650 Gloria Avenue, Van Nuys, CA, 91406
Studio: Aftershock
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P.Cseh, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA. 91411
Studio: All Wet Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Copeland. Global Media International Films Inc., 630 North Avenue, New York, NY 10036
Studio: AMA Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Loughlin, 7334 Topanga Canyon Blvd. #114, Canoga Park, CA 91303
Studio: Amateur District
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 3221 South Andrews Avenue, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33316
Studio: American Hardcore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Thomas di Reda, 7625 Hayvenhurst Avenue, # 26, Van Nuys, CA, 91406
Studio: Amorz
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Kevin, 1203 John Reed Ct., City of Industry, CA  91745
Studio: Anabolic
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Chris Roos at 9223 Owensmouth St, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Anarchy Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Jacoby/D. Wegner, 20850 Dearborn Street, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Andaro Vertriebs
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Dennis Ramaty, Goethering 52, Offenbach am Main,Germany, 63067
Studio: Antigua Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 21110 Norrdoff St., Chatsworth, CA 91111
Studio: Asses Up Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Centauro, 7345 Topanga CYN. BLVD, Canoga Park, CA 91303
Studio: Axel Braun Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Axel Braun Productions at 18620 Burbank Blvd. Tarzana, CA 91356
Studio: B.S. Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Krull, 9724 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Baby Doll Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Back End Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Barracuda Media Inc.
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo
6031 Kester Ave
Sherman Oaks, CA 91411
US
Studio: Big Rich's Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 3223 Main Street, Vancouver, Canada, V5V 3M6
Studio: Big Top
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Xavier, 214 W Grant Rd. Tucson, AZ. 85705
Studio: Bikini Beach Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Levine, 9810 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Bizarre Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Keith Gordon, 20-40 Jay St., Brooklyn, NY, 11201
Studio: Black Doll
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Innis, 36-08 34th St., Studio #1, 2nd floor, LIC, NY. 11106
Studio: Black Ice
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Black Ice Ltd - 20525 Nordhoff Street #4, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Black Label Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jay Michaels, 8335 Winnetka Avenue, Suite #112, Winnetka, CA 91306
Studio: Black Market
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9320 Mason Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311-5201
Studio: Black Mirror Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Gallant, 676-A Ninth Avenue #329 NYC NY 10036
Studio: Black Thunder Digital
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth CA. 91311
Studio: Blackout
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 21817 Plummer Street, Suite C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Bluebird Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 6711 Odessa Avenue, Van Nuys,CA 91406
Studio: Bonk Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Denis Labre, A12-1250 Eglinton Ave. West, Suite 222, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5V 1N3
Studio: Bordellonoir
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Bonneville 3885-J #328 Cocheran Blvd. Simi Valley, Ca. 93063
Studio: Boston Alternative Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: John Ferguson, 725 Branch Avenue #103 Providence, RI 02903 
Studio: Brazzers
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Brazzers Live
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Brazzers Series
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Bricate Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jon Ray, 13029 A. Victory Blvd #332, North Hollywood, CA. 91606
Studio: Brookland Bros. Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Marc Bruder, 2020 Broadway, Second Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90404, US
Studio: Burning Angel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Keyframe Programming, Inc. 10916 SE Lenore St. Happy Valley, OR 97086
Studio: Camel Toe
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: DW, 9531 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Candy Shop
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David Joseph, RLDD Distribution, LLC, 20339 Nordhoff St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Captain Willy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. White, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: CDI
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Robert Brickman, 8021 Remmet Avenue, Canoga Park, CA, 91304
Studio: Chain Reaction
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Cseh 7660 Gloria Avenue, Van Nuys, CA 91406
Studio: Chameleon Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Goldman, 4041 W. Missouri Avenue, Phoenix, AZ, 85019
Studio: Chatsworth Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Meis & N. Ayala, 9140 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA. 91311
Studio: Cherry Boxxx Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9158 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Cherry X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Chocolate City
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Ave, Sherman Oaks, CA 91411, US
Studio: City Girls
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Moshko, 255 West 36th Street, #204 New York, NY 10018
Studio: Classic X Collection
This studio's content was produced prior to July 3rd, 1995 therefore it is exempt from requirements of the TITLE 18, SECTION 2257.
Studio: Club Jenna
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 2706 Media Center Drive, Los Angeles, CA 90065
Studio: Club Summer Haze
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Craig Scott, 3389 Sheridan St. #459, Hollywood, FL. 33021
Studio: Coast to Coast
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Coast 2000, M. Rothstien, 39 W 19th St., New York, NY, 10011
Studio: CodeX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Gonzales, 21040 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Collateral Damage
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. van der Hoven, Simon Stevinstraat 7, Teil,The Netherlands, 4004 JV
Studio: Colossal Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Clerk, 5362 Cahuenga Blvd. , North Hollywood, CA, 91601
Studio: Combat Zone
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Giarusso, Pres., 9644 Lurline Avenue, Chatsworth, CA91311, USA 
Studio: Corrupted Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Brown, 25 Canfield Rd., Cedar Grove, NJ, 07009
Studio: Critical X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jay Michaels, 8335 Winnetka Avenue, Suite #112, Winnetka, CA 91306
Studio: Crush
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Dewan, 516 E #4 New York, NY 10009-6571
Studio: Cutting Edge
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Cohen, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth CA 91311
Studio: D And C Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Edward DePriest
630 Quintana Road
Morro Bay, CA 93442
US
Studio: Damaged Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 21817 Plummer Street, Suite C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Dane Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Marquez/P. Bussey, 9547 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Dark Xtreme
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA, 91411
Studio: DBA Supercore XXX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Paseo de Mallorca, 18, 07012 Palma, Baleares, Islas Baleares, Spain
Studio: DDF Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: ALS Scan, Inc, S. Kiwak, 3322 Peddicoat Ct Woodstock MD 21163 United States
Studio: Decadence Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J.R. White, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Demolition
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Weston, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91324
Studio: Demonic Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Fantasy Enterprises Inc, Harry B., 5840 S Semoran Blvd., Orlando, FL, 32822
Studio: Desperate Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Ben-Niam/Channel 69 Video, 9400 Lurline-Suite F1, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Devil's Film
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: NetFame Solutions Inc., 3300 Cote-Vertu, Suite 406, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4R 2B7
Studio: Diabolic
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Diabolic Video Productions Inc. - 20525 Nordhoff Street #4, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Digital Playground
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 7777 Decarie Boulevard Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, H4P 2H2 Canada 
Studio: Digital Playground Presents
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R Dodd - 16134 Hart Street, Van Nuys, CA, 91406.
Studio: Digital Sin
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: New Sensations, 21345 Lassen St, Chatsworth, Ca, 91311
Studio: DNA
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Desantis, 62 West 37th St., New York, NY, 10016
Studio: Doghouse
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, H4P 2K3
Studio: Dollhouse
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. McKay 201 N. Westmoreland Ave Loft 107, Los Angeles, CA, 90064

Studio: Dr. Moretwat
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jim Roberts, 9909 Topanga Canyon Blvd. Ste. #230, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Dream Room Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 445 S. Figueroa St Suite 2600 Los Angeles, CA 90017 USA
Studio: Dreamland Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9158 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Dungeon VIP
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tatoulis, 800 Petrolia Road, Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M3J 3K4
Studio: Dusk 'til Dawn
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Cleveland, 9751 Independence Avenue, Chatworth, CA, 91311
Studio: DVSX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Colmenero, 8943 Fullbright Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: DWS Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Sherri Ayash, 951 Willow Springs Rd., Twin Peaks, CA, 92391
Studio: Ebony Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Russo, 3441 W. Sahara Avenue A-7, Las Vegas, NV, 89102
Studio: Elegant Angel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Patrick Collins, 9801 Variel St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Emily Rigby Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 3221 South Andrews Avenue, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33316
Studio: Eromaxx
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Communicon, S.R.O., Osamocena 789 , 16000 Prague, Czech Republic
Studio: Eros Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Gibson, 630 Quintana Road, Morro Bay, CA 93442
Studio: Erotic Angel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Kevin Beechum, 9158 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, Ca, 91311
Studio: Erotica X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: O.L. Entertainment Inc. - 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Qc, H4P2K3
Studio: Ethnicity Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Mann, 9327 Deering Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Evil Angel  B. Pumper
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Belladonna
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Christoph Clark
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Jake Malone
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Jay Sin
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Jazz Duro
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Joey Silvera
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  John Leslie
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  John Stagliano
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Jonni Darkko
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Kevin Moore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Manuel Ferrara
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Meanbitch Productions  
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Mike Adriano
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Nacho Vidal
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Omar Galanti
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Raul Cristian
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Roman Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Sean Michael
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Steve Holmes
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Timo Hardy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Excessive Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Berrios, 8484 Wilshie Boulevard, Suite 900, Beverly Hills, CA, 90211
Studio: Explicita
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Exquisite / ANRPG
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Feig, 20821 Dearborn Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Fatt Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A.Thornton, 21110 Nordhoff St. Unit L, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Feline Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Cohen, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth CA 91311
Studio: Fetish Oasis
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Young, 240 East 27th Street, New York, NY 10016
Studio: Fifth Element
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Knieling, 20850 Dearborn St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Filth Factory
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Berrios, 8484 Wilshie Boulevard, Suite 900, Beverly Hills, CA, 90211
Studio: Finland Deluxe
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Flash Point Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Bunz, 33592 Rising Tide Ct., Dana Point, CA, 92629
Studio: Flesh Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Poole, 15041 Calvert St., Van Nuys, CA 91411
Studio: Forbidden
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Freaky Empire
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Felton, 20821 Dearborn, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Freaky Steve
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J Tatulis, 800 Petrolia Rd, #18, Toronto, -1 M3J3K4, CA
Studio: Fresh Meat Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Baker 21541, Blythe St., Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Funky Monkey
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 50 Biscayne Blvd., Miami, FL 33132
Studio: Future Works
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 10 East 33rd Street, 7th Floor, New York City, NY, 10016
Studio: G.D. Douglass
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G.D. Douglas, 3230 E. Flamingo Road #401, Las Vegas, NV, 89121
Studio: Galdavision Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 21817 Plummer Street, Suite C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Gen XXX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Tremont, 2677 La Cienaga Blvd., L.A.,CA, 90034
Studio: Genesis Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 800 Petrolia Rd. Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M3J 3K4
Studio: Gentlemen's Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Esposito, 21638 Lassen St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Gia Darling Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 69 I Bieschboschstraat 69 I, Amsterdam 1057, Netherlands.
Studio: Girl World Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 20821 Dearborn St. Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Global Media International Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David Copeland, 630 9th. Avenue Suite 207, New York, NY 10036.
Studio: Golden Age Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Gibson, 630 Quintana Road, Morro Bay, CA 93442
Studio: Gotham Gold
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Adult Entertainment Broadcast Network, 500 Archdale Drive, Charlotte, NC 28217
Studio: Gothic
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jerry van Binsbergen, Veenderveld 118, Roelofarendsveen, Select A State 2371 TX, NL
Studio: Grind House Porn
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Weston, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91324
Studio: Gwen Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 966 E. 4th Street, Suite A, Los Angeles, CA 90013.
Studio: H2 Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Eleni Markaki, Kifissias Avenue Atrina Tower B, Athens, Greece, 15125
Studio: Hard X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: O.L. Entertainment Inc. - 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Qc, H4P2K3
Studio: Hardline
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Zuzana Horokova, Muehlegasse 12A, 6340 Baar, Switzerland
Studio: Hardworks
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Feig, at L.V.V.E., 21540 Prarie St., #D, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Harmony Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: He She Studios
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Richman & B. Mendleson, 8955 Fullbright Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Heart Core
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Strano, 934 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA, 94103
Studio: Heatwave Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA, 91411
Studio: Hell House Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Tyler Gonty, 14662 SE 172nd St., Renton, WA, 98058
Studio: Hell's Ground Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ivan Catlin, 2150 Ward, Ville St. Laurent, Quebec, Canada H4M 1T7
Studio: Heydi Pervers
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Robinienstrasse 66, D-80935 Munchen
Studio: Homemade Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9320 Mason Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311-5201
Studio: Horizon Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Gibson, 630 Quintana Road, Morro Bay, CA 93442
Studio: Hot Chocolate
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D.Copeland, 630 9th Avenue, New York, NY, 10036
Studio: Hundies
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Taylor, 7777 Davie Rd Ext, STE 1068, Davie, FL 33024, USA
Studio: Hustler
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David Carrillo, LFP, Inc., 8484 Wilshire Blvd., Beverly Hills, CA 90211 
Studio: I-Candy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Lewis Wolf, Theater Group, 4820 North Rancho Drive #B, Las Vegas, NV 89130
Studio: IDV
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J.P., 3115 Duffenin St. Toronto, Ontario, Canada M8A 259
Studio: Immoral Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Dan Leal, 21110 Nordhoff Unit C, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Intense Industries
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. van der Hoven, Simon Stevinstraat 7, Teil,The Netherlands, 4004 JV
Studio: Introduction
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Gonzales, 21040 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Jekyll & Hyde Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Grayson, 14141 CAvenuela St, Suite 5D, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Jet Multimedia
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Simpson, 9811 Owensmouth Avenue, Unit 6, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: JFP
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Robinson, 127 Hendy Creek Rd., Unit B, Pine City, NY 14871, US
Studio: JM Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Lane, 21110 Nordhoff Avenue Unit C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: John Strong Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Y. Boroda 20339, Nordhoff St., Chatsworth CA 91311
Studio: Juicy Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Estrada, 9751 Independence Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Julie Simone Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 7237 Franklin Avenue Suite 7, Los Angeles, CA. 90046 U.S.A.
Studio: Justin Slayer International
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Bell, 7738 Gloria Avenue, Van Nuys, Ca 91403
Studio: K-Beech
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9601 Mason Avenue, Unit B, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Kamikaze Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Woo, 135 E. Chestnut Avenue #2B, Monrovia, CA, 91006
Studio: Kaytel Video Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Alain Richer, 2150 Ward, Ville St. Laurent, Quebec, Canada H4M 1T7
Studio: Killergram
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Adam Brown - Sportlaan 1a, 6631 BD Horssen, The Netherlands

Studio: Kimberly West Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tatoulis, 800 Petrolia Road, Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M3J 3K4
Studio: Kink
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Cybernet Entertainment 1800 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94103

Studio: LatinX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Gonzales, 21040 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Lava XXL
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Thomas Wawer, Pappelbrink 54, Hannover, Germany, 30657
Studio: Le'Wood Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Sherwood, 4924 Balboa Avenue #434, Encino, CA 91316 
Studio: Legal Pink
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Playhouse Downloads, Rondebeltweg 2, 1329BA, Almere, The Netherlands
Studio: Legend
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Legend, 20339 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: LeMayzing Production
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Laurie Emery, 1025 Ocean Avenue, Ste. 102, Santa Monica, CA 90403
Studio: Lethal Hardcore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Colossus Media Group, 744 Grand Avenuenue East, Suite 39, Chatham, Ontario, Canada, N7L 1X6
Studio: Lewd Fucking Sex Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Gonzales, 21040 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Lex Drill Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Lexington Steele/Mercenary Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Britt, 21018 Osborne Str., Unit #2, Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Lick Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J.R. White, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Live Gonzo
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Raul Cristian Sararu 
c/o Zachary Roberts
1291 Galleria Drive, Suite 210
Henderson, NV 89014

Studio: Loaded Digital
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Enrique, 9327 Deering Avenue, Chatsworth, Ca. 91311
Studio: Lord Perious Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Krull, 9724 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Low Art
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Oren Cohen, 14746 Raymer St., Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Lucky Devil
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Simpson, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: M Squared Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jackie Barnard, 801-288 East 8th Avenuenue ,Vancouver, BC, Canada V5T 4S8
Studio: Mach 2 Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Ouran, 14141 Covello St., Suite 1-D, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Madness
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Barion 14141, Covello St., Suite 1-D, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Magnus Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 9144 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Major Video Concepts
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Juan Segura, Sobegirl Inc. 6538 Collins Avenue #462 Miami, FL, 33141
Studio: Marc Dorcel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 25 Rue Plumet, Paris, France, 75015
Studio: Master Len
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Gecko Productions, 4206 W. Reno Avenue, Las Vegas, NV89118
Studio: Matrix Content
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Norman Bentley, 21135 erwin St,, Woodland Hills, CA, 91367 
Studio: Maximum Grind
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Krull, 9724 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Maximum Xposure
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Beckman, 7050 Valjean Avenue, Van Nuys, CA 91406
Studio: Maxine X Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 800 Petrolia Rd. Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M3J 3K4
Studio: Mayhem
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Joplin, 9144 Deering Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Meltdown
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Desantis, 62 West 37th St., New York, NY, 10016
Studio: Melting Images
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Desantis, 62 West 37th St., New York, NY, 10016
Studio: Metro
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Enrique, 9300 Corbin Avenue, Northridge, CA 91324
Studio: Metropolis Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA, 91411
Studio: Michael Kahn Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Michael Kryger, 8739 Azul Dr, Canoga Park, CA 91304 , US
Studio: Michael Stefano Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Michael Menta, 20339 Nordhoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Mikado
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Woo, Cinema Paradise 135 E, Chestnut Avenue #28, Monnovia CA 91006
Studio: Mile High Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: T. Blitt, Mile High Distribution Inc., 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2K3
Studio: MILF Mania
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 21817 Plummer Street, Suite C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Mofos
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Mother Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Elizabeth Starr, Starr Productions, 6758 Franklin place, Hollywood, CA 90028
Studio: Motherfuckers
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Copeland. Global Media International Films Inc., 630 North Avenue, New York, NY 10036
Studio: Multimedia
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Lane, 9730 Veriel Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: My Dirty Hobby
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Colbette II Ltd, Irene Tower, 3rd Floor, 178 Athalassas Avenue, Nicosia, Cyprus 2025
Studio: My XXX Pass
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: O.L Entertainment Inc. - 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Qc, H4P2K3
Studio: Nasty Boyz
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Chris Bonneville, Valhalla Sky Productions, 6758 Franklin Place, Hollywood, Ca 90028
Studio: Nasty Jack
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. White, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Nasty Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Provenzano, 18722 Vista Del Canyon - A, New Hall, CA 91321
Studio: Nasty Pixxx
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ron Atkinson, 5114 Calenda Drive, Woodland Hills, CA, 91367
Studio: Naughty Risque
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Choungchote, 250 River St, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Nectar
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Entin, 14141 Covello Street, Suite 5C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: New Machine
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Brown, 25 Canfield Rd., Cedar Grove, NJ, 07009
Studio: New Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Chaim Cohen
9144 Deering Street
Chatsworth, CA 91311
US
Studio: New Porn Order
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 3389 Sheridan St. #469, Hollywood, FL, 33021
Studio: New Sensations
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: New Sensations, 21345 Lassen St, Chatsworth, Ca, 91311
Studio: Niche Channel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Leu 69 Wesley St. Teterboro, NJ 07606
Studio: NJ Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Knowles, Pres NJ Films Inc., 9728 Variel Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: No Boundaries
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Jacoby, 21311 Gault St., Canoga Park, CA. 91303
Studio: Notorious
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Hesky, 9821A Independence, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Nubian Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Rothstien, 39 W 19th St., New York, NY, 10011
Studio: NXT LeVL Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Sherwood, 4924 Balboa Avenue #434, Encino, CA 91316 
Studio: OGV
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Ouax, 7800 Airport Business Parkway, Van Nuys, CA, 91406
Studio: Old Pueblo
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: L. Hansen, 2390 Crenshaw Blvd., #276, Torrance, CA, 90501
Studio: On The Flop Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Kevin Omalley, 850 E. Vista Way, Suite E, Vista, CA 92084, US
Studio: Ona Zee
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: F. Wiegers, 4274 Lincoln Blvd, suite 320, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292.
Studio: One Piece Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: T. Nogochi, 21601 Devonshire St. Suite, 301 Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Onyxxx Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tennenbaum, Lex Drill Productions, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: OSK Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 102-215 Highland Road West Kitchener, Ontario, Canada N2M 3C1
Studio: Outrageous
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Moshko, 255 West 36th Street, #204 New York, NY 10018
Studio: Overboard Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: OpenMind Solutions, Inc, 23072 Lake Center Drive, Ste. 100, Lake Forest, CA 92630
Studio: Pandemonium
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Party Cove xxx
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Martin, 635 N. Twin Oaks Valley Rd. #15, San Marcos, CA, 92069
Studio: Peach DVD
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David James, 15115 Califa Street #C, Van Nuys, CA, 91411
Studio: Pearl Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA, 91411
Studio: Perversa
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Global Media Group KFT, American UT H-5140 Budapest
Studio: PH7
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J.P., A12-1260, Eglinton Avenue West, Suite 233 Missasauga, Ontario, Canada L5V 1N3
Studio: Pink Kitty Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D & E Media, LLC, 360 Glenwood Avenue, #6 E Orange, NJ 07017
Studio: Pink Puncher
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Woo, 135 E. Chestnut Avenue #2B, Monrovia, CA, 91006
Studio: Pink'o
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Sins Factory srl, Via Pomposa 43 / I - The Linden Centre, 47924 Rimini 
Studio: Piston Exclusive
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Forcellini Corrado, St. Di Gualdre, 7, Fiorentino , -1 47897, SM
Studio: Planet Skin
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Koplik, 4913 H. Ashland Avenue #3, Chicago, IL 60940.
Studio: Platinum X Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Menta, 21018 Osborne St., #5 , Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Playhouse
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Pleasure Plaza - Rondebeltweg 2, 1329BA, Almere. The Netherlands.

Studio: Playtime
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ronald Sturgeon, 2781 W. MacArthur Blvd., Suite B352, Santa Ana, CA 92704, US
Studio: Porn Academy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: support@thepornacademy.com
Studio: Porn Star Legends
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Murray , 348-2660 Southvale Crescent, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada K1B 4W5 
Studio: Porn Zone Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Alain Richer, 2150 Ward, Ville St. Laurent, Quebec, Canada H4M 1T7
Studio: PornPros
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Walton - 4625 Wynn Rd C-223, Las Vegas, NV 89103
Studio: Power House
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Rinaldi, 21418 Parthenia St., Canoga Park, CA, 91304
Studio: Powersville
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Lane, 21110 Nordhoff Unit C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Precious Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Feig, 9751 Independence Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Private
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Fraserside Holdings Ltd., Office 1002, 10th Floor, Nicoloau Pentadromos Centre, Thessalonikis Street, 3025 Limassol, Cyprus. 
Studio: Puba
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ben Hadjun, 7032 Bright Avenue Whittier, CA 90602
Studio: Pulpo Inc
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. A. Elarahona, 13200 Mason Avenue, # 119, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Pulse Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Grayson, 14141 CAvenuela St, Suite 1C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Pure Filth Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Legend, 20339 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Pure Passion
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Walton - 4625 Wynn Rd C-223, Las Vegas, NV 89103

Studio: Puritan Video Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P J Krasner, 2977 Macarthur Road, Unit #2248, Whitehall, Pennsylvania 18052
Studio: Purple Haze Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 255 W36th St. NY, NY 10018
Studio: Python Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Wegner, 20850 Dearborn St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Quebec Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: O.L. Entertainment Inc. - 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Qc, H4P2K3
Studio: R18Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Pinero, 800 Petrolia rd, unit 18, North York, Ontario, M3J 3K4
Studio: Radical
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Kouva, Kehrasaari B 206 Tampere Finland
Studio: Rain Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Weston , 21414 Chase St #1, Canoga Park, CA, 91304
Studio: Rapture Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Garfinkel, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91342
Studio: Ravage Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Pineiro, 1 Delta Park Blvd #13, Brampton, Ontario L6T 5G1
Studio: Ray Wolfe Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Patrick Levy, 2150 Ward, Ville St. Laurent, Quebec, Canada H4M 1T7
Studio: Reality Blue Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9040 Eton Ave., Canoga Park, CA. 91304-1616
Studio: Reality Gang
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2 
Studio: Reality Junkies
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: T. Blitt, Mile High Distribution Inc., 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2K3
Studio: Reality Kings
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jose Tavarez- 225 7th Street Suite LB-100, Miami, FL 33139

Studio: Red Hot Collection
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: T. Wada, 4550 Wilshire Blvd., LA, CA, 90010
Studio: Red Light District
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David Joseph, RLDD Distribution, LLC, 20339 Nordhoff St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Red Lines Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tatoulis, 800 Petrolia Road, Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M3J 3K4
Studio: Red Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Pinero, 800 Petrolia rd unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, M3J 3K4
Studio: Red Rhino
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: BM Woody, 1199 Lynn Valley Road North Vancouver B.C., Canada V7J 3S9 
Studio: Risque Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Cleveland, 2964 Redwood Avenue, Costa Mesa, CA 92626
Studio: Rocco Siffredi
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: John Stagliano, Custodian Of Records -14141 Covello ST. 8C,
Van Nuys CA 91405 USA
Studio: Rockman Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Suarez, 4523 Van Nuys Blvd., Suite 204, Sherman Oaks, CA 91403
Studio: Rotten Candy Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Baker 21541, Blythe St., Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Sabrina Deep
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Yallop, 257 Troy St., Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5G 1S9
Studio: Samurai
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Al Thornton 
9610 Desota Avenue
Chatsworth, CA
91311
Studio: Samuraiporn
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Avbox Inc., 1108 W. Valley Blvd. Ste 6-303, Alhambra, CA, 91803
Studio: Sapphire
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Screw My Wife Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Navarro, 18216 Parthenia Street, Northridge, California, 91325
Studio: Sex Line Sinema
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Shock Wave
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Rosen, 520 North Croft Avenue #203, West Hollywood CA 90048
Studio: Shot At Home
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Tommy Duchemin, 2649 Townsgate Road, Suite 600A, Westlake Village, CA 91361
Studio: Shots Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Balvers, 6651 KS, Druten, The Netherlands, Europe, 61348
Studio: Silver Sinema
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Rnash, 1335 Corona Pointe Court, Corona, CA 92879 USA, 2257--@sc-2257.com
Studio: Simon Wolf
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Robert Herrera, 8944 Mason Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Sin City
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Dillon, 537 Stevenson Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103 
Studio: Sin-Sensual
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Sirimarco, Sinastion, 9181 Deening Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Sinful Pleasures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Beckman, 7050 Valjean Avenue, Van Nuys, CA 91406
Studio: Skin Tight Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Mendleson, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Sky High Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 4550 Wilshire Blvd., LA, CA, 90010
Studio: Smash Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9619 Canoga Avenue, Chatsworth, California 91311
Studio: Snatch
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A Thornton, 21110 Nordhoff St. Unit L, Chatsworth, CA 91311, US
Studio: Spread 'Em Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Raffi, E.P.M. sa, Via Fondo Ausa, 68 Blocco, 2-47891, Dogana Rep. Di San Marino
Studio: Starr Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Elizabeth Starr, Starr Productions, 6758 Franklin place, Hollywood, CA 90028
Studio: Steroid Supercore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Joaquin Reinhard, Paseo de Mallorca 18, Palma de Mallorca, Beleares, 07012
Studio: Studio Teriyaki
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 11400 West Olympic Blvd. Suite200 Los Angeles, CA 90064
Studio: Stunner Studios
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Scott, 3389 Sheridan St. #469, Hollywood, FL, 33021
Studio: Sudden Impact
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Newcomb, 20432 Corisco St., Chatsworth, Ca 91311
Studio: Sunlust Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 7336 Santa Monica blvd #31, W Hollywood, CA 90046
Studio: Supercore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Abston 9730 Variel Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Supremacy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Moshko, 1170 Broadway #403, New York, NY 10001
Studio: Suze Randall
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Haaren Enterprises, 25575 Piuma Road, Calabasas, California 91302
Studio: Sweet Sinner
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, H4P 2K3
Studio: Sweetheart Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Mile High Media Inc. 8148 Devonshire Mount Royal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2K3
Studio: T & A Studios
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Thomas Dawid, 10 Walton St, Edison, NJ 08817, 732-572-2382
Studio: Team Skeet
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Paperstreet Media - 14 NE 1st Ave Suite 705, Miami, FL, 33132
Studio: Teenie Vision
This studio's content was produced prior to July 3rd, 1995 therefore it is exempt from requirements of the TITLE 18, SECTION 2257.
Studio: Telsev
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Pascal Morvillez, 2 Rue De Berlin, Montevrain, France, 77144
Studio: Temptation Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Garfinkel, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91342
Studio: Tennervision
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tennenbaum, 5600 Oso Avenue, Woodlland Hills, CA, 91367
Studio: The L Factor
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 21541 Blythe St. Canoga Park, Ca 91304
Studio: Theater X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9145 Owensworth, Chatsworth, Ca, 91311
Studio: Third Degree Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Third Degree Films - 20525 Nordhoff Street #4, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Third World Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9320 Mason Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311-5201
Studio: Titan Babes
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Titanium
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 10 E. 33rd St., New York, NY, 10016
Studio: Tokyo Hot
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: CSJJ Media, Inc. 150 Spear Street, Suite 725, San Francisco, CA 94105
Studio: Toni Ribas Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Garcia Cabra, 20339 Nordhoff St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Top Shelf Teens
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 9144 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Toppers Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Norton, 8955 Fullbright Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Tora-Tora
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Woo, Cinema Paradise 135 E, Chestnut Avenue #28, Monnovia CA 91006
Studio: Torrid
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 5146 Douglas Fir Road, Calabasas, CA 91302
Studio: Totally Tasteless
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Chalfin, 9718 Glenoaks Blvd Unit B., Sun Valley, CA, 91352
Studio: Toxxxic
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Mann, 9327 Deering Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Trashy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Andre Depretis, 565 College Drive, Suite C-151, Henderson, NV 89015 ,US
Studio: Triple Threat Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Baker 21541, Blythe St., Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Tripple X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jose Sosa, 4791 E 8 Ln, hialeah, FL 33013, US
Studio: Twisted Tommy Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Dedeon, Twisted Tommy Productions, Tulok Utca 59, Budapest Hangary 1194
Studio: Tyce Bune
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Cleveland, 2964 Redwood Avenue, Costa Mesa, CA 92626
Studio: Un-Plugged
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jay Michaels, 8335 Winnetka Avenue, Suite #112, Winnetka, CA 91306
Studio: V Communications
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Thierry Cohen, 5-7 Rue Ordener, 75018, Paris, -1 3, FR
Studio: V9 Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 59 Lake Drive, Highstown, NJ, 08520
Studio: Vanguard Video
This studio's content was produced prior to July 3rd, 1995 therefore it is exempt from requirements of the TITLE 18, SECTION 2257.
Studio: VCA
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wendy Nitz, 9650 DeSoto Avenue Chatsworth, CA. 91311
Studio: Velocity X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Koch 8031 Remmet Avenue Canoga Park, CA. 91304
Studio: Venom
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Feig, 20821 Dearborn Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Venus Digital
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Video Art Holland
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Mrs. S. Wenderhold, Anna van Renessepiein 8 1911 KN, Uitgeest, The Netherlands
Studio: Video Team
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9300 Corbin Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91324
Studio: Vidway
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: DAvenue Copeland, 630 9th Avenue, Suite #207, New York, NY 10036, US
Studio: Vince Vouyer Unleashed
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Action and Reaction, Inc. at 19860 Nordhoff Place Chatsworth, CA 91377
Studio: Visage
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Dale Weinberg, 4950 Louise Avenue #307, Encino,CA, 91316
Studio: Vista Video
This studio's content was produced prior to July 3rd, 1995 therefore it is exempt from requirements of the TITLE 18, SECTION 2257.
Studio: Visual Images
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Mendleson, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Visual Purr-Suasion
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Baer, 5362 Cahuenga Blvd., North Hollywood, CA., 91601
Studio: Viv Thomas
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: VivThomas.com-video Lda., Apartado 106, 8800 - Tavira, PORTUGAL
Studio: Vivid
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Hirsch, 3599 Cahuenga Blvd., West Los Angeles, CA 90068
Studio: Vivid/Cathouse 45
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Hirsch, 3599 Cahuenga Blvd., West Los Angeles, CA 90068
Studio: Vivid/Lil Jon
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Hirsch, Vivid Entertainment, LLC, 3599 Cahuenga Blvd., West, Los Angeles, CA 90068
Studio: Vixen Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jim Roberts, 9909 Topanga Canyon Blvd. Ste. #230, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Vouyer Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Vouyer Media, 9020 Eton Ave., Unit 6, Canoga Park CA. 91304
Studio: Vouyer Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Giarrusso, Red Light District, 21018 Osborne St. #5, Canoga Park, CA, 91303
Studio: VXI Multimedia
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 800 Petrolia Rd. Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M3J 3K4
Studio: Wayne Enterprises
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wayne Herrera, 18034 Ventura Blvd. #452, Encino, CA, 91316
Studio: WCP
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 10040 Remmet Avenue Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Wet Dreams XXX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Jacoby, 20850 Dearborn Street, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: White Ghetto Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9721 Canoga Ave., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: White Trash
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Rotthstein, 318 West 39th St., New York NY 10018
Studio: Wicked Live.com
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wicked Pictures,9040 Eton Ave, Canoga Park, CA, 91034
Studio: Wicked Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wicked Pictures - 9040 Eton Ave,Canoga Park, CA, 91034
Studio: Wildlife Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Navarro, 18216 Parthenia Street, Northridge, California, 91325
Studio: WOW Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 9144 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: X-Traordinary Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Mendleson, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: X-Worx
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Phan, 6132 Adriatic Way, W. Palm Beach, FL 
Studio: XBang
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Safe Keeping Records, 12445 Gladstone Avenue, Sylmar, CA 91342
Studio: XCartel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Karch 20740, Marilla St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Xposed Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jim White, 20555 Devonshire St. #106, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: XVN
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Breitdach, Unter Fettenhennen 1650667 Koeln Germany
CSJJ Media, Inc. 150 Spear Street, Suite 725, San Francisco, CA, 94105
Studio: Yuzu Co, Ltd.
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wilson F., 2478 Peck Road, City of Industry, CA 90601
Studio: Zane Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Chuck Zane, 21526 Osbourne St., Canoga Park, CA, 91304
Studio: Zero Tolerance
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Zero Tolerance -20525 Nordhoff Street #4, Chatsworth, CA
91311
