Last modified date: January 14, 2016
Acceptance of the Terms of Service
The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, these “Terms of Service”), govern your access (“you”, “your” or the “Subscriber”) to and use of www.pornhubpremium.com ( “Pornhub Premium” or the “Website”), including any content, functionality and services offered on or through the Website, whether as a guest or a registered user. These Terms of Service apply to the Website, web pages, interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs, social networks, social network “tabs”, or other online or wireless offerings that post a link to these Terms of Service, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology, manner or means.
Please read the Terms of Service carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Service when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy, found at http://www.pornhubpremium.com/terms/#policy, incorporated herein by reference. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Service or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
If you access or use the Website, whether you click to accept or not, you agree to all of the various terms in these Terms of Service. If you do not understand all of these Terms of Service, you should consult an attorney before agreeing to any of the Terms of Service.
You consent to entering these Terms of Service electronically, and to storage of records related to these Terms of Service in electronic form.
When using the Website, you shall be subject to any posted rules, community guidelines, or policies. Such rules, guidelines, and policies are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service. We may also offer other websites that are governed by different Terms of Service.
Ability to Accept Terms of Service
You affirm that you are at least 18 years of age or the age of majority in the jurisdiction you are accessing the Website from, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service. If you are under 18 or the applicable age of majority, you are not permitted to submit personal information to us or use the Website. You also represent that the jurisdiction from which you access the Website does not prohibit the receiving or viewing of sexually explicit content.
Changes to the Terms of Service
We may modify or revise these Terms of Service from time to time in our sole discretion and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. Although we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to these Terms of Service, you are expected to periodically review the most up-to-date version found at http://www.pornhubpremium.com/terms/#terms, so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
If we change anything in these Terms of Service, the change will be reflected in the “last modified date”. You agree that you will periodically review these terms and refresh the page when doing so. You agree to note the date of the last revision of these terms. If the “last modified date” is unchanged from the last time you reviewed these terms, then they are unchanged. On the other hand, if the date has changed, then there have been changes, and you agree to re-review the terms, and you agree to the new ones.
All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter. The updated version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon being posted, and the prior version(s) shall have no continuing legal effect. If you do not review new terms as posted, then you agree that you have waived your right to do so, and you are therefore bound by the updated conditions, even if you failed to review the new ones. You are on notice of changes, and your failure to review the amended terms is your own omission. By continuing to use the Website subsequent to us making available an amended version of these Terms of Service, you thereby acknowledge, agree to and consent to such amendment.
Communication Preferences
	By using the Website, you expressly and specifically consent to receiving electronic communications from us relating to your account. These communications may involve sending emails to your email address provided during registration, or posting communications on the Website (for example, through the members’ area on the Website upon login to ensure receipt in the event you have unsubscribed from email communications), or in the “Your Account” page and may include notices about your account (such as upcoming payment notifications, change in password or payment method, confirmation e-mails and other transactional information) and are part of your relationship with us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. You should maintain copies of electronic communications by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy. You also expressly and specifically consent to receiving certain other communications from us, such as newsletters about new Website features and content, special offers, promotional announcements and customer surveys via email or other methods. If you no longer want to receive certain non-transactional communications, you will need to avail yourself of the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the applicable communication.
Some communications to you may be presented via email campaigns or other means of communications with the option to express your preference by either clicking or entering “accept” (alternatively “yes”) or “decline” (alternatively “no”). By selecting or clicking the “accept” or “yes” options, you indicate that you “OPT-IN” to that offer and thereby agree and assent that your personal information, including your email address and data may be used for that matter or disclosed to third-parties. On the other hand, some communications to you may be presented via email campaigns or other means of communications with a pre-selected preference or choice. If you do not deselect the pre-selected preference of choice (i.e., “OPT-OUT” of the offer) then we may transfer your personal profile information to the third-party service or content provider making the offer. If you deselect the pre-selected preference then no personal information about you may be disclosed to any third-party service or content provider.
Subscriptions, Free Trials, Promotion Subscriptions, Billing and Cancellation
Subscriptions
Your subscription to our services, which may start with a free trial or promotional subscription, will continue unless and until you cancel or we terminate it. You must provide us with a current, valid, accepted method of payment (as such may be updated from time to time, “Payment Method”) to use our services. We will bill the applicable subscription fee to your Payment Method. You must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of the next period’s subscription fees to your Payment Method.
We may offer a number of subscription plans, including special promotional plans or subscriptions with differing conditions and limitations. Any materially different terms from those described in these Terms of Service will be disclosed at your sign-up or in other communications made available to you. You can find specific details regarding your subscription with us by verifying the email receipt issued upon your sign-up or by contacting us in one of the manners described at http://support.pornhubpremium.com. Some promotional subscriptions may be offered by third parties in conjunction with the provision of their own products and services. We are not responsible for the products and services provided by such third parties. We reserve the right to modify, terminate or otherwise amend our offered subscription plans.
Free Trials and Promotional Subscriptions
Your subscription to our services may start with a free trial or promotional subscription. The free trial period of your subscription lasts for seven days, or as otherwise specified during sign-up. For combinations with other offers, restrictions may apply. Free trials or promotional subscriptions are for new and certain former subscribers only. We reserve the right, in our absolute discretion, to determine your eligibility for free trial or promotional subscription.
We will begin billing your Payment Method for monthly subscription fees at the end of the free trial period of your subscription or at the end of your promotional subscription unless you cancel prior to the end of the applicable period. To view the specific details of your subscription, including monthly subscription price and end date of your free trial period or promotional subscription, please verify the email receipt issued upon your sign-up or contact us in one of the manners described at http://support.pornhubpremium.com. We may authorize your Payment Method through various methods, including authorizing it up to an amount equal to or similar to the amount of the monthly subscription fee as soon as you register. In some instances, your available balance or credit limit may be reduced to reflect the authorization during your free trial period. However, you will not be charged during your free trial period for the subscription fee.
You will not receive a notice from us that your free trial period has ended or that the paying portion of your subscription has begun. We will continue to bill your Payment Method on a monthly basis for your subscription fee until you cancel.
Billing
By starting your subscription and providing or designating a Payment Method, you authorize us to charge you a recurring subscription fee at the then current rate, and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of our Service to your Payment Method. You acknowledge that the amount billed each period may vary (but not materially) from term to term and you authorize us to charge your Payment Method for such varying amounts, which may be billed monthly in one or more charges.
We reserve the right to adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in these Terms of Service, any material price increases to your service will take effect following notice to you.
The subscription fee for our service will be billed at the beginning of the paying portion of your subscription and each period thereafter unless and until you cancel your subscription. We automatically bill your Payment Method each period on or near the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your paying subscription. Subscription fees are fully earned upon payment. We reserve the right to change the timing of our billing, in particular, as indicated below, if your Payment Method has not successfully been processed. In the event that your paying subscription began on a day not contained in a given month, we may bill your Payment Method on a day in the applicable month or such other day as we deem appropriate. Your renewal date may change due to changes in your subscription. We may authorize your Payment Method in anticipation of subscription or service-related charges. In the event that your Payment Method does not successfully process a charge for a subscription fee, you authorize us to charge you an administration fee up to $1.99 in order to keep your subscription temporarily active until the full subscription fee can be processed successfully and your full term renewed.
As used in these Terms of Service, “billing” shall indicate a charge, debit or other payment clearance, as applicable, against your Payment Method. Unless otherwise stated differently, month or monthly refers to your billing cycle.
MG Billing, Probiller.com, MGBill, Vendo, Segpay, WTS, EPOCH, or others (depending on your geographical location) may appear on your credit card, bank statement, or phone bill for all applicable charges. If multiple websites are joined utilizing any Payment Method, your statement will list each individual purchase comprising the transaction. MG Billing may include other information on your statement based on requirements of credit card association, telephone regulation, National Automated Clearinghouse Association or any other mandated rules and regulations. If you elect to use a checking account to purchase a subscription to the Website, a debit will be executed on your checking account.
No Refunds
PAYMENTS ARE NONREFUNDABLE AND THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR PARTIALLY USED PERIODS. In the event we terminate your rights to use the Website because of a breach of these Terms of Service, you shall not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of subscription fees. Following any cancellation by you, however, you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your current billing period. Note however, that using the online form to cancel your subscription, as opposed to contacting our Customer Care in one of the manners described at http://support.pornhubpremium.com, may result in an immediate loss of access to the Website. At any time, and for any reason, we may provide a refund, discount, or other consideration to some or all of our subscribers (“credits”). The amount and form of such credits, and the decision to provide them, are at our sole and absolute discretion. The provision of credits in one instance does not entitle you to credits in the future for similar instances, nor does it obligate us to provide credits in the future, under any circumstance.
Cardholder Disputes/Chargebacks
All chargebacks are thoroughly investigated and may prevent future purchases with MG Billing given the circumstances. Fraud claims may result in MG Billing contacting your issuer to protect you and prevent future fraudulent charges to your Payment Method.
Payment Methods
You may edit your Payment Method information by visiting the Website and clicking on the “Your Account” link, available at the top of the pages of the Website or by contacting our Customer Care in one of the manners described at http://support.pornhubpremium.com. If a payment is not successfully processed, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not edit your Payment Method information or cancel your account, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates. For certain Payment Methods, the issuer of your Payment Method may charge you a transaction fee or other charges.
Electronic Receipt
You will receive an email receipt to the email provided upon initial subscription. You may request a copy of the account of charges of your subscription to the Website but we cannot guarantee the availability of such records more than 365 days after the subscription date. Requests must be made directly to MG Billing. To contact MG Billing, refer to our Customer Care in one of the manners described at http://support.pornhubpremium.com.
Cancellation
You may cancel your subscription at any time by notifying us other by electronic or conventional mail, by chat, or by telephone. You are liable for charges incurred until the date of the termination and you will continue to have access to our service through the end of your monthly billing period. WE DO NOT PROVIDE REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR ANY PARTIAL-MONTH SUBSCRIPTION PERIODS. To cancel your subscription, contact our Customer Care in one of the manners described at http://support.pornhubpremium.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you cancel your subscription, your account will automatically close at the end of your current billing period. Using the online form to cancel your subscription, as opposed to contacting our Customer Care in one of the manners described at http://support.pornhubpremium.com, may result in an immediate loss of access to the Website.
About Our Website
The Website allows for uploading, sharing and general viewing of various types of adult-oriented content by registered and unregistered users who desire to share and view visual depictions of adult-oriented content, including sexually explicit images. In addition, the Website contains texts, messages, files, data, information, images, photos, videos, recordings, materials, code or content of any kind and other materials posted/uploaded by users.
The Website may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by the Website. The Website has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, the Website will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Website, you expressly relieve it from all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Website and to read the terms, conditions, and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.
The Website is for your personal use and shall not be used for any commercial endeavor except those specifically endorsed or approved by the Website.
This Website is for adult-oriented content. Other categories of content may be deleted.
You understand and acknowledge that when using the Website, you will be exposed to content from a variety of sources, and that the Website is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such content. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against the Website with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold the Website, its site operator, its parent corporation, their respective affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the Website.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for:

making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website;
ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Service and comply with them.

To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy found at /terms#policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential and, you must not disclose it to any other person or entity and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your user name or password. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security by contacting us in one of the manners described at http://support.pornhubpremium.com. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information. Although the Website will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of the Website or others due to such unauthorized use.
If you interact with us or with third-party service providers, and you provide information, including account or credit card or other payment information, you agree that all information that you provide will be accurate, complete, and current. You will review all policies and agreements applicable to use of third party services. In the event you use our Website over mobile devices, you hereby acknowledge that your carrier’s normal rates and fees, such as excess broadband fees will still apply.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that the Website reserves the right to charge fees for its services and website access and to change its fees in its complete and sole discretion.
Authorization of Use
Subscribers to the Website are hereby authorized a single access rights to access the service or material located at the Website. This access rights shall be granted for sole use to one subscriber. All subscriptions are provided for personal use and shall not be used for any commercial purposes or by any other third parties. Commercial use of either the Website or any material found within is strictly prohibited unless authorized by the Website. No material within the Website may be transferred to any other person or entity, whether commercial or non-commercial. No material within the Website may be distributed through peer-to-peer networks or any other file sharing platforms. In addition, materials may not be modified, or altered. Materials may not be displayed publicly, or used for any rental, sale, or display. Materials shall extend to copyright, trademarks, or other proprietary notices there from. We reserve the right to terminate this access rights at any time if the terms of this agreement are breached. In the case that the terms are breached, you will be required to immediately destroy any information or material printed, downloaded or otherwise copied from the Website.
Limited, Conditional License to Use Our Intellectual Property
Pornhub Premium and our associated logos and names are our trademarks and/or service marks. Other trademarks, service marks, names and logos used on or through the Website, such as trademarks, service marks, names or logos associated with third party Content providers, are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners. You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks, service marks or logos.
The inclusion of images or text containing the trademarks or service marks or the name or likeness of any person, including any celebrity, does not constitute an endorsement, express or implied, by any such person, of the Website or vice versa.
The Website and certain materials available on or through the Website are content we own, authored, created, purchased, or licensed (collectively, our “Works”). Our Works may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and/or other laws, and we reserve and retain all rights in our Works and the Website.
We hereby grant you a conditional, royalty-free, limited, revocable, non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive license to access our Website and our Works solely for your personal use in connection with using the Website.
We grant you a conditional and limited license to access, view and display Website and Works, and to create and display transient copies of the Website and Works as necessary to view them, conditioned upon your agreement to display the Website whole and intact as presented by the Website host, complete with any advertising, to not interfere with the display of any advertising, and to not use ad blocking software of any kind. This limited license is further conditioned upon your agreement not to use any information obtained from or through the Website to block or interfere with the display of any advertising on the Website, or for the purpose of implementing, modifying or updating any software or filter lists that block or interfere with the display of any advertising on the Website. Interference with the display of any advertising on the Website, use of ad blocking software to block or disable any advertising while viewing the Website, or use of information obtained from or through the Website to update any ad blocking software or filter lists, is prohibited, violates the conditions of your limited license to view the Website and Works and constitutes copyright infringement.
You may not otherwise reproduce, distribute, communicate to the public, make available, adapt, publicly perform, link to, or publicly display the Website and Works or any adaptations thereof unless expressly set forth herein. Such conduct would exceed the scope of your license and constitute copyright infringement.
The Website provides an “Embeddable Player” feature, which you may incorporate into your own websites for use in accessing the Content on the Website. You may not modify, build upon or block any portion or functionality of the Embeddable Player in any way, including but not limited to links back to the Website.
The above described license is conditioned on your compliance with these Terms of Service, including, specifically, your agreement to view the Website whole and intact as presented by the website host, complete with any advertising, and shall terminate upon termination of these Terms of Service. If you breach any provision of these Terms of Service, any license you have obtained will be automatically rescinded and terminated. In order to protect our rights some Content made available on the Website may be controlled by digital rights management technologies, which will restrict how you may use the Content. You must not circumvent, remove, delete, disable, alter or otherwise interfere with any digital rights management technology. Such conduct is prohibited by law.
If the Website allows you to download or otherwise copy our Works, you are not buying or being gifted copies thereof. Instead, you are licensing a limited, revocable, non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive right to possess and use the copies for personal, non-commercial use, subject to specific terms and conditions (the “Download License”). Under this Download License you may not thereafter reproduce, distribute, communicate to the public, make available, adapt, publicly perform, or publicly display the Website and Works or any adaptations thereof unless expressly set forth herein. Such conduct would exceed the scope of your Download License and constitute copyright infringement. At the expiration of your Download License or the termination of these Terms of Service, you will delete or otherwise dispose of all copies of Works in your possession.
Content Posted by Users
The Website may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, playlists, forums, bulletin boards and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to upload, post, create, submit, publish, make available, send, share, communicate, display or transmit to other users or other persons (collectively, “post”) content, data, information, videos, images, recordings, materials, code or content of any kind (collectively, “Content”) on or through the Website.
As a Website account holder you may submit Content to the Website and other Websites linked to the Website including videos and user comments. You understand that the Website does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any Content you submit.
You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of posting, uploading, publishing transmitting or otherwise making available your Content on the Website. You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any Content you submit or contribute, and you, not us, have full responsibility for such Content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness. We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any Content posted by you or any other user of the Website. We do not control Content you submit or contribute and we do not make any guarantee whatsoever related to Content submitted or contributed by users. Although we sometimes review Content submitted or contributed by users, we are not obligated to do so. Under no circumstances will we be liable or responsible in any way for any claim related to Content submitted or contributed by users.
You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish Content you submit; and you license to the Website all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to such Content for publication on the Website pursuant to these Terms of Service.
You further agree that Content you submit to the Website will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant to the Website all of the license rights granted herein.
For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your Content. However, by submitting Content to the Website, you hereby grant the Website a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, exploit, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, communicate, and perform the Content in connection with the Website’s (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also waive to the full extent permitted by law any and all claims against us related to moral rights in the Content. In no circumstances will we be liable to you for any exploitation of any Content that you post. You also hereby grant each user of the Website a non-exclusive, royalty free license to access your Content through the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display, communicate and perform such Content as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under these Terms of Service. The above licenses granted by you in video Content you submit to the Website terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your videos from the Website. You understand and agree, however, that the Website may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of your videos that have been removed or deleted. The above licenses granted by you in user comments you submit are perpetual and irrevocable.
The Website does not endorse any Content submitted to it by any user or other licensor, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and the Website expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Content. The Website does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Website, and the Website will remove all Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another’s intellectual property rights. The Website reserves the right to remove Content without prior notice.
All Content you submit must comply with the Content standards set out in these Terms of Service.
If any of the Content that you post to or through the Website contains ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to us, we will have no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to such Content, and we shall be entitled to use, exploit or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Content at our sole discretion without any obligation to you whatsoever (i.e., you will not be entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from us under any circumstances).
In the process of posting Content to the Website, you may be asked to provide some personally identifying information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, a password, and other documentation. You may also be asked to provide such information in order to use certain features of the Website.
We will keep a record of the information you provide, including your personally identifiable information. That information may be linked in our records to other information you provide, including Content. We will not provide your name or other personally identifying information to our advertisers or business partners without your permission. Please note that some of the information you provide in registering for and using the Website, including the name used in registering for and using the Website or other personally identifying information, may be displayed to other members of the Website, and may become public. In addition, we may disclose the personally identifying information and documentation you provide in some limited circumstances.
Prohibited Uses
You agree that you will only use the Website and our services for the lawful purposes expressly permitted and contemplated by these Terms of Service. You may not use the Website and our services for any other purposes, including commercial purposes, without our express written consent.
You agree that you will view the Website and its content unaltered and unmodified. You acknowledge and understand that you are prohibited from modifying the Website or eliminating any of the content of the Website, including ads. By using the Website you expressly agree to accept advertising served on and through the Website and to refrain from using ad blocking software or to disable ad blocking software before visiting the Website.
You agree that you will not use or attempt to use any method, device, software or routine to harm others or interfere with the functioning of the Website or use and/or monitor any information in or related to the Website for any unauthorized purpose. Specifically, you agree not to use the Website to:

violate any law (including without limitation laws related to torts, contracts, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, defamation, obscenity, pornography, rights of publicity or other rights) or encourage or provide instructions to another to do so;
act in a manner that negatively affects other users’ ability to use the Website, including without limitation by engaging in conduct that is harmful, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, intimidating, violent or encouraging of violence to people or animals, harassing, stalking, invasive of another’s privacy, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;
post any Content that depicts any person under 18 years of age (or older in any other location in which 18 is not the minimum age of majority);
post any Content for which you have not maintained written documentation sufficient to confirm that all subjects of your posts are, in fact, over 18 years of age (or older in any other location in which 18 is not the minimum age of majority);
post any Content depicting child pornography, rape, snuff, torture, death, violence, or incest, racial slurs or hate speech, (either aurally or via the written word);
post any Content that contains falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage the Website or any third party;
post any Content that is obscene, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, libelous, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate;
post any Content containing unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam, junk mail, chain letters, pyramid schemes or any other form of unauthorized solicitation;
post any Content containing sweepstakes, contests, or lotteries, or otherwise related to gambling;
post any Content containing copyrighted materials, or materials protected by other intellectual property laws, that you do not own or for which you have not obtained all necessary written permissions and releases;
post any Content which impersonates another person or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person;
deploy programs, software or applications designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, including by engaging in any denial of service attack or similar conduct;
deploy or use programs, software or applications designed to harm, interfere with the operation of, or access in an unauthorized manner, services, networks, servers, or other infrastructure;
exceed your authorized access to any portion of the Website;
remove, delete, alter, circumvent, avoid or bypass any digital rights management technology, encryption or security tools used anywhere on the Website or in connection with our services;
collect or store personal data about anyone;
alter or modify without permission any part of the Website or its content, including ads;
obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any Content or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Website;
exploit errors in design, features which are not documented and/or bugs to gain access that would otherwise not be available.

Additionally, you agree not to:

use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website;
use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website without our prior written consent;
use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent;
use any information obtained from or through the Website to block or interfere with the display of any advertising on the Website, or for the purpose of implementing, modifying or updating any software or filter lists that block or interfere with the display of any advertising on the Website;
use any device, bots, scripts, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website or that shortcut or alter Website functions to run or appear in ways that are not intended by Website design;
introduce or upload any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or any other similar software, program or material which is malicious or technologically harmful or that that may damage the operation of another’s property or of the Website or our services;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from our Website or any of the materials contained therein;
attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack;
otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.

Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:

remove or refuse to post any Content you submit or contribute to the Website for any or no reason in our sole discretion,
take any action with respect to any Content posted by you that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such Content violates these Terms of Service, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the public or could create liability for us,
disclose your personally identifying information or other information about you to any third party who claims that Content posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy,
take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website,
terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Service.

Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any Content on or through the Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD US HARMLESS AND OUR SITE OPERATOR, ITS PARENT CORPORATION, THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY US OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER US, SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
To maintain our services in a manner we deem appropriate for our venue and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, the Website may, but will not have any obligation to, review, monitor, display, reject, refuse to post, store, maintain, accept or remove any Content posted (including, without limitation, private messages, public comments, public group chat messages, private group chat messages or private instant messages) by you, and we may, in our sole discretion, delete, move, re-format, remove or refuse to post or otherwise make use of Content without notice or any liability to you or any third party in connection with our operation of the Website in an appropriate manner. Without limitation, we may do so to address Content that comes to our attention that we believe is offensive, obscene, violent, harassing, threatening, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate, or to enforce the rights of third parties or these Terms of Service or any applicable additional terms, including, without limitation, the Content restrictions set forth herein.
However, we do not undertake to review Content before it is posted on the Website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable Content after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or Content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or non-performance of the activities described in this section.
Account Termination Policy
While pornographic and adult-oriented Content is accepted, the Website reserves the right to decide whether Content is appropriate or violates these Terms of Service for reasons other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property rights, such as, but not limited to, obscene or defamatory material. The Website may at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, remove such Content and/or terminate a user’s account for submitting such material in violation of these Terms of Service.
If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can terminate access to the Website or stop providing all or part of the Website to you.
Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property
The Website respects the intellectual property of others, and requires that you do the same. You may not upload, embed, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other proprietary rights of any person or entity.
The Website operates a clear Copyright Policy in relation to any Content alleged to infringe the copyright of a third party. Details of that policy can be found at /terms#dmca. If you believe that any Content violates your copyright, please see our Copyright Policy at /terms#dmca for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement.
As part of our Copyright Policy, the Website will terminate user access to the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, a user has been determined to be a repeat infringer.
The Website is not in a position to mediate trademark disputes between users and trademark owners. Accordingly, we encourage trademark owners to resolve any dispute directly with the user in question. If the trademark owner is unable to reach a resolution with the user, it may send us a notice at legal@Pornhub.com. The Website is willing to perform a limited investigation of reasonable complaints and will remove content in clear cases of infringement.
Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
This Website includes Content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by us, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect our opinion. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Changes to the Website
We may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Information about You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy found at /terms#policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Your Usage Information by Advertisers and Others
The Website allows others to display advertisements using the Website. These third parties use technology to deliver advertisements you see using the Website directly to your browser. In doing so, they may automatically receive your IP, or “Internet Protocol”, address. Others that place advertising using the Website may have the ability to use cookies and/or web beacons to collect information, including information about your usage of the Website. We do not control the processes that advertisers use to collect information. However, IP addresses, cookies and web beacons alone generally cannot be used to identify individuals, only machines. Therefore, advertisers and others whose advertisements or content may be provided through the Service generally will not know who you are unless you provide additional information to them, by responding to an advertisement, by entering into an agreement with them, or by some other means.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to the Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our express written consent.
This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:

link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website;
send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website;
cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.

You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:

cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site,
otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Service.

The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these Terms of Service.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Links from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the contents, privacy policies, or practices of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any third party site, applications, software, content or advertising does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites. Further, you agree to release us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, content, service, or software accessed through the Website.
Your communications or dealings with, or participation in promotions of, sponsors, advertisers, or other third parties found through the Website, are solely between you and such third parties. You agree that the Website shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any dealings with such sponsors, third parties or advertisers, or as the result of their presence on the Website.
Permitted Disclosures of Personal Information
The Website generally does not collect personally identifiable information (data such as your name, email address, password, and the content of your communications) unless you submit or communicate Content through the Website, or register with us in order to use certain features of the Website. The Website will not disclose any personally identifiable information it collects or obtains except: (i) as described in these Terms of Service or our Privacy Policy; (ii) after obtaining your permission to a specific use or disclosure; (iii) if the Website is required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a court order, search warrant, subpoena, civil discovery request, or statutory requirement); (iv) as required to protect the Website’s property, safety, or operations, or the property or safety of others; or (v) to a person that acquires the Website, or the assets of the Website’s operator in connection with which such information has been collected or used; or (vi) as otherwise required by law.
Indemnification
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Website, its site operator, its parent corporation, their respective affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, damages, judgments, awards, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Website; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Website. You agree that we shall have the sole right and obligation to control the legal defense against any such claims, demands, or litigation, including the right to select counsel of our choice and to compromise or settle any such claims, demands, or litigation.
Disclaimers
YOU USE THE WEBSITE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WE PROVIDE THE WEBSITE “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE WEBSITE, ITS SITE OPERATOR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO THE WEBSITE AND GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED AND OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS WEBSITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE OR THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS AND ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES. THE WEBSITE DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND, THE WEBSITE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS.
Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent allowed by law, the Website, its site operator, its parent corporation and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents shall not be responsible or liable to you for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of the following:

delaying, rejecting or removing any or all Content at any time for any or no reason whatsoever with or without notice to you,
modifying or discontinuing temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you for any or no reason whatsoever,
immediately terminating your access to the Website for any or no reason whatsoever and with or without notice to you,
the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information posted to or through the Website,
any user Content that does not get recorded, or is deleted, or for any similar unsatisfactory results or user Content,
any errors or omissions in any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Website,
personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our Website,
any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein,
any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our Website,
any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our Website by any third party, and/or
any loss or damage of any sort incurred by you as a result of interactions you have with third-party advertisements or service providers, or third-party websites, found on or through the Website, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, policies, warranties or representations associated with such dealings.

In no event shall we be liable to you for any incidental, indirect, punitive, statutory, exemplary, expectation, special, or consequential damages whatsoever (including damages for loss of profit, loss of goodwill, interruption, loss of business information or any other financial loss) in association with any individual or class-action claim, or any loss, damage, action, suit or other proceeding relating to or arising under or out of the Terms of Service, even if we have been notified of the possibility of such damages, whether the action is founded upon contract, infringement of intellectual property rights, tort, negligence or other grounds.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE WEBSITE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. YOU AGREE NOT TO FILE ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING INCONSISTENT WITH THE FOREGOING LIABILITY LIMITATIONS.
Governing Law
These Terms, your use of the Website, and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of Cyprus, without regard to conflict of law rules. You agree that: (i) the Website shall be deemed solely based in Cyprus; and (ii) the Website shall be deemed a passive Website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Cyprus. The sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be in an appropriate court located in Limassol, Cyprus. You hereby submit to the jurisdiction and venue of said Courts. You consent to service of process in any legal proceeding.
Any claim by you that may arise in connection with these Terms will be compensable by monetary damages and you will in no event be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief.
Limitation on Time to File Claims
REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Your Comments and Concerns
This website is operated by MG Freesites Ltd, Block 1, 195-197 Old Nicosia-Limassol Road, Dali Industrial zone, Cyprus 2540.
All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the copyright agent designated in our Copyright Policy /terms#dmca in the manner and by the means set forth therein.
All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed in one of the manners described at http://support.pornhubpremium.com.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver by the Company of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Service shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, our Copyright Policy and any documents they expressly incorporate by reference constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Assignment
These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction.
Fees
You acknowledge that the Website reserves the right to charge for its services and to change its fees from time to time in its discretion. Furthermore, in the event the Website terminates your rights to use the Website because of a breach of these Terms of Services, you shall not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of subscription fees.
Miscellaneous
No party, nor any of the parties’ respective attorneys, shall be deemed the drafter of this agreement for purposes of interpreting any provision hereof in any judicial or other proceeding that may arise between the parties.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms of Service, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement. For the purpose of clarity, the Website’s representatives, managers, partners, joint venturers, employees, and agents are intended third-party beneficiaries.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by these Terms of Service.
The headings in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
We may terminate these Terms of Service for any or no reason at any time by notifying you through a notice on the Website, by email, or by any other method of communication. Any such termination will be without prejudice to our rights, remedies, claims, or defenses hereunder. Upon termination of the Terms of Service, you will no longer have a right to access your account or your Content. We will not have any obligation to assist you in migrating your data or your Content and we may not keep any back up of any of your Content. We will not be not responsible for deleting your Content. Note that, even if your Content is deleted from our active servers, it may remain in our archives (but we have no obligation to archive or back-up your Content), and subject to the licenses set forth in these Terms of Service.
GDPR (General Data Protecton Regulation)

                    In accordance with the General Data Protecton Regulation law in the European Union effective May 25, 2018, Pornhub users can request a copy of their personal data as well as get Pornhub to delete their personal data.
                
Request a Copy of my Personal Data
Delete my Personal Data
DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement
Reporting Claims of Copyright Infringement
We take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) or any other applicable intellectual property legislation or laws. Responses may include removing, blocking or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity, terminating the user’s access to www.pornhubpremium.com (“Pornhub Premium”), or all of the foregoing.
If you believe any material accessible on Pornhub Premium infringes your copyright, you may submit a copyright infringement notification (see below, “Filing a DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement” for instructions on filing such a notice). These requests should only be submitted by the copyright owner or an agent authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.
The copyright owner’s name may be published on Pornhubpremium in place of disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your DMCA Notice, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in a DMCA Notice and /or the actual DMCA Notice (including your personal information) may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting a DMCA Notice, you consent to having your information revealed in this way.
If we remove or disable access to material in response to such a notice, we will take reasonable steps to notify the user that uploaded the affected content material that we have removed or disabled access to so that the user has the opportunity to submit a counter notification (see below, “Counter-Notification Procedures” for instructions on filing a counter notification). It is our policy to document all notices of alleged infringement on which we act.
All copyright infringement notifications and counter-notifications must be written in English. Any attempted notifications written in foreign languages or using foreign characters may, at our discretion, be deemed non-compliant and disregarded.
Filing a DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement
If you choose to request removal of content by submitting an infringement notification, please remember that you are initiating a legal process. Do not make false claims. Misuse of this process may result in the suspension of your account or other legal consequences.
You may notify Pornhub Premium of alleged copyright infringement via our form found at  http://www.pornhub.com/information#dmcaform. This form is designed to help you identify your content accurately and help speed up the process of content take-down.
We also accept free-form copyright infringement notifications. In that case, in accordance with the DMCA, the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must include substantially the following:

Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material. If your complaint does not contain the specific URL of the video you believe infringes your rights, we may be unable to locate and remove it. General information about the video, such as a channel URL or username, is typically not adequate. Please include the URL(s) of the exact video(s).
Adequate information by which we, and the uploader(s) of any video(s) you remove, can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address).
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Complete complaints require the physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a representative authorized to act on their behalf. To satisfy this requirement, you may type your full legal name to act as your signature at the bottom of your complaint.

Our designated copyright agent to receive DMCA Notices is:

Lawrence G. Walters
Walters Law Group
195 W. Pine Avenue
Longwood, FL 32750
Email: copyright@pornhub.com


Please do not send other inquiries or requests to our designated copyright agent. Absent prior express permission, our designated copyright agent is not authorized to accept or waive service of formal legal process, and any agency relationship beyond that required to receive valid DMCA Notices or Counter-Notices (as defined below) is expressly disclaimed.
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on Pornhub Premium is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
The copyright owner’s name will be published on Pornhub Premium in place of disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your DMCA Notice, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in a DMCA Notice, the actual DMCA Notice (including your personal information), or both may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting a DMCA Notice, you consent to having your information revealed in this way.
Counter-Notification Procedures
If you have received a DMCA Notice and believe that material you posted on Pornhub Premium was removed or access to it was disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may file a counter-notification with us (a “Counter-Notice”). Counter notifications must be submitted by the video’s original uploader or an agent authorized to act on their behalf.
Counter-notices must be sent to our designated agent:

Lawrence G. Walters
Walters Law Group
195 W. Pine Avenue
Longwood, FL 32750
Email: copyright@pornhub.com


Please do not send other inquiries or requests to our designated copyright agent. Absent prior express permission, our designated copyright agent is not authorized to accept or waive service of formal legal process, and any agency relationship beyond that required to receive valid DMCA Notices or Counter-Notices is expressly disclaimed.
Pursuant to the DMCA, the Counter-Notice must include substantially the following:

Your name, address, phone number and physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the allegedly infringing content and its location before removal or access to it was disabled;
A statement under penalty of perjury that you believe in good faith that the content was removed by mistake or misidentification; and
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Court for the judicial district in which you are located (or if you are outside the U.S., for any judicial district in which the operator of Pornhub Premium may be found), and that you will accept service of process from the person who originally provided us with the DMCA Notice or an agent of such person.

We will not respond to Counter-Notices that do not meet the requirements set out above.
After we receive your Counter Notice, we will forward it to the party who submitted the original DMCA Notice and inform that party that the removed material may be restored after 10 business days but no later than 14 business days from the date we received your Counter Notice, unless our Designated Agent first receives notice from the party who filed the original DMCA Notice informing us that such party has filed a court action to restrain you from engaging in infringing activity related to the material in question.
Please note that when we forward your Counter Notice, it will include your personal information. By submitting a counter notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We will not forward the counter notification to any party other than the original claimant or to law enforcement or parties that assist us with enforcing and protecting our rights.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on Pornhub Premium was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
Repeat Infringers
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating or disabling, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, the accounts of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also at our sole discretion limit access to Pornhub Premium, terminate or disable the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Video Fingerprinting
We use MediaWise®, an automated audiovisual identification system, to assist us in identifying and blocking potentially infringing content from being uploaded by users. Videos uploaded to Pornhub Premium are compared against a database of digital fingerprints. When a video is matched to a digital fingerprint, access to it is disabled.
If you are interested in having your content digitally fingerprinted by the provider of the automated audiovisual identification system we use, please contact Vobile in one of the manners described at http://www.vobileinc.com/contact/.
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: May
21st, 2018
Introduction
MG Freesite II Ltd
(hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) operates the
website https://www.pornhubpremium.com/ (hereinafter
“Pornhub” or the “Website”) and is the controller of the information
collected or provided via this Website.
Please read this privacy
policy carefully, as your access to and use of our Website signifies that you
have read, understand and agree to all terms within this privacy policy. If you
do not agree with any part of this privacy policy or our terms, please do not
access or continue to use our Website or otherwise submit your personal data.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data
If you have any questions
about our privacy practices, please see “Contact Information” below for
information on how to contact us.
We collect, process and retain
personal data to the extent it is necessary to provide users with our service.
This privacy policy applies to information we collect:

on this
     Website,
in e-mail,
     text and other communications between you and this Website,
through
     mobile applications you download from this Website, which provide
     dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website, or
when you
     interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and
     services, if those applications or advertising include links to this
     privacy policy.

It does not apply to
information collected by:

us offline or
     through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or
     any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third
     party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any
     application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be
     accessible from or on the Website. Clicking on those links or enabling
     those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about
     you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible
     for their privacy statements.

The Data We Collect About You
Personal data, or personal
information, means any information about an individual from which that person
can be identified by (“Personal Information”). It does not include data
that has been anonymized or pseudonymized.
We may collect, use, store and
transfer different kinds of personal data about you, which we have grouped
together as follows:
Persons who visit the Website
without logging in or registering “unregistered users”
·       
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address,
which we pseudonymize (a technique that replaces or removes information in the
dataset that identifies an individual), browser type and version, time zone
setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the
devices you use to access this Website.
·       
User Submitted Data includes data collected at
your direction for a specific function, for example a contest or survey.
·       
Usage Data includes aggregated information about how
you use our Website, products and services.
Persons who choose to create
an account “registered users”
·       
Identity Data includes, username or similar identifier,
date of birth and gender.
·       
Contact Data includes email address.
·       
Financial Data in case of purchases includes payment
card details.
·       
Transaction Data in case of purchases, it may
include details about payments to and from you and other details of products
and services you have purchased or received from us.
·       
Technical Data includes pseudonymized internet protocol
(IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and
location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you
use to access this Website.
·       
User Submitted Data includes data collected at
your direction for a specific function, for example your username and password,
purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and
survey responses.
·       
Usage Data includes information about how you use
our Website, products and services.
·       
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties
and your communication preferences.
 
We may also collect, use and
share your data to produce and share aggregated insights that do not identify
you. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered
personal data as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your
identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the
percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature, to generate
statistics about our users, to calculate the percentage of users accessing a
specific Website feature, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or
to publish visitor demographics.
We do not collect special
categories of Personal Information about you (this includes details about your
race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, political opinions,
trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric
data). However, particular preferences and sexual orientation depend on how you
use our Website and services. The processing of such Sensitive Personal
Information may be necessary to provide some of our service to you.
How is Your Personal
Information Collected?
We use different methods to
collect data from and about you including through:

Direct interactions. Information
     that you provide when carrying out search queries on our Website or by
     filling in forms on our Website, in particular at the time of registering
     to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material, taking
     part in surveys, entering a contest or promotion sponsored by us, when
     reporting a problem with our Website, or requesting further services.
Automated
     technologies or interactions. See “Third-party Use of Cookies
     and Other Tracking Technologies” for details of how we may
     automatically collect your personal data.

User Contributions
We may provide areas on our
Website where you can post information about yourself and others and
communicate with others, upload content (e.g., pictures, videos, audio files,
etc.), and post comments or reviews of content found on the Website. Such
postings are governed by our terms of use found at https://www.pornhubpremium.com/information#terms. You
should be aware that any Personal Information you submit, display, or publish
in public areas of our website is considered publicly available and can be
read, collected, used, and disclosed by others. We cannot control who reads
your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily
post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to
your Personal Information. To request removal of your personal information from
our website, please refer to the section “your rights related to your personal
information” in this policy. 
Information Collected Through
Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and
interact with our Website, we use automatic data collection technologies to
collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and
patterns, including information such as your IP address, browser type,
operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile
carrier, device information, search terms, and cookie information.
The technologies we use for
this automatic data collection may include:

Cookies (or
     browser cookies).
     Cookies are small text files that are stored in your web browser or
     downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent
     back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another
     website that recognizes that cookie, and allow a website to recognize a
     user’s device.

We
currently use the following types of cookies:


Cookies that
      are strictly necessary: These are cookies that are
      required for the operation of our Website. These include, for example,
      cookies that enable a user to log in to our Website and to check if a
      user is allowed access to a particular service or content.
Analytical
      cookies:
      These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of users and to
      see how users use and explore our Website. These cookies help us to
      improve our Website, for example by ensuring that all users are able to
      find what they are looking for easily.
Functionality
      cookies:
      These cookies are not essential, but help us to personalize and enhance
      your online experience on our Website. This type of cookies allows us to
      recognize you when you return to our Website and to remember, for
      example, your choice of language.
Targeting
      cookies:
      These cookies record the visit of a user on our Website, the pages a user
      has visited and the links a user has followed in order to enable us to
      make our Website more relevant to the users' interests.
We do not
      require that you accept cookies and you may withdraw your consent to our
      use of cookies at any time by adjusting your browser’s privacy settings.
      However, if you decline to accept cookies, some functionality on our
      Website may be disabled and you may be unable to access certain parts of
      our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it
      will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your
      browser to our Website. Cookies can be either session cookies or
      persistent cookies. A session cookie expires automatically when you close
      your browser. A persistent cookie will remain until it expires or you
      delete your cookies. Expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves;
      some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire after
      multiple year



Web Beacons. Pages of
     our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as
     web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags, single-pixel gifs and
     web bugs) that are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in
     function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users
     or to access cookies.
Analytics. We use
     third party analytics and advertising tools and technologies, in
     particular Google Analytics and DoubleClick provided by Google, Inc., USA
     (“Google”). These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types
     of information, including IP addresses, device and software identifiers,
     referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature
     use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, media access
     control address (MAC Address), mobile unique device identifiers, and other
     similar information via the use of cookies. The information generated by
     Google Analytics and DoubleClick about your use of the Website (including
     your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers
     in the United States. Because we activated IP anonymization for Google
     Analytics and Double Click, Google will anonymize the last octet of a
     particular IP address. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is
     sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. Google will use this
     information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website,
     compiling reports on Website activity and managing advertising content. To
     learn how you can opt out from this information collection by Google see “Choices
     About How We Collect, Use and Disclose Your Personal Information”
     below.

Third-party Use of Cookies and
Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications,
including advertisements, on the Website are served by third parties, including
advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application
providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web
beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when
you use our Website. Unless expressly stated otherwise, our website does not
provide any Personal Information to these third parties, however they may
collect information, including Personal Information, such as internet protocol
(IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location,
operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to
access this Website. They may use this information to provide you with
interest-based advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third
parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any
questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact
the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of
receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see “Choices About How
We Collect, Use and Disclose Your Personal Information”.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal
data when the applicable local law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use
your personal data in the following circumstances:

For purposes
     of providing the services, customer management and functionality and
     security as is necessary to perform the services provided to you under our
     term and conditions and any other contract that you have with us.
Where it is necessary
     for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your
     interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need
     to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Where you
     declare your valid consent to use it.

Note that we may process your
personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose
for which we are using your data.
Purposes for Which We Use Your
Personal Information
In general, we use information
that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including Personal
Information and Sensitive Personal Information, for following purposes:

Provision of
     services (Registered Members Only): to present our Website and its
     contents to you, including any interactive features on our Website, and to
     provide you with information, products or services that you request from
     us; we also collect and use Personal Information to verify your
     eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and
     sweepstakes;
Customer
     management (Registered Members Only): to manage a registered
     users’ account, to provide customer support and notices to the registered
     user about his account or subscription, including expiration and renewal
     notices, and notices about changes to our Website or any products or
     services we offer or provide through it;
Customization
     of content (Registered Members Only): to perform research and
     analysis about your use of, or interest in, our Website content, products,
     or services, in order to develop and display content and advertising
     tailored to your interests on our Website and other sites;
Analytics: to
     determine whether users of the Website are unique, or whether the same
     user is using the Website on multiple occasions, and to monitor aggregate
     metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, demographic
     patterns;
Functionality
     and security:
     to diagnose or fix technology problems, and to detect, prevent, and
     respond to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual
     property infringement;
Compliance: to enforce
     our terms and conditions and to comply with our legal obligations;
in any other
     way we may describe when you provide the information; or for any other
     purpose with your consent provided separately from this privacy policy.

Disclosure of Your Personal
Information
We do not disclose your
Personal Information except in the limited circumstances described here.

We may
     disclose your Personal Information to members of our corporate group (that
     is, entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control
     with us) to the extent this is necessary for the purposes of provision of
     services, customer management, customization of content, advertising,
     analytics, verifications, functionality and security, and compliance.
Service
     providers. To
     our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our
     behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit
     card payments, risk and fraud detection and mitigation, providing customer
     service, performing business and sales analysis, customization of content,
     analytics, security, supporting our Website functionality, surveys and
     other features offered through our Website. These service providers may
     have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions but
     are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
Legal
     successors.
     To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture,
     restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of
     some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of
     bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal
     information held by us about our Website users is among the assets
     transferred. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable
     efforts to try to ensure that the entity to which we transfer your
     personal information uses it in a manner that is consistent with this
     privacy policy.

We access, preserve and share
your Personal Information with regulators, law enforcement or others where we
reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable
law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce
applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations
thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected
illegal activities, security or technical issues, (d) protect against harm
to the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or
others; or (e) to maintain and protect the security and integrity of our Website
or infrastructure. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or
right available to us, in our sole discretion.
We may disclose aggregated
information about our users, and information that does not identify any
individual, without restriction. We also may share aggregated information with
third parties for conducting general business analysis. This information does
not contain any Personal Information and may be used to develop content and
services that we hope you and other users will find of interest.
Financial Information
Financial information
(including Personal Information) that you have provided to us will only be
shared with our third party processors in order to initiate and complete any
orders placed on your account. All credit card transactions and such are
processed with industry standard encryption through third party processors who
only use your financial information and Personal Information for that purpose.
All financial data and related Personal Information will not be shared by us
with third parties except with your authorization or when necessary to carry
out all and any transactions requested by you with the understanding that such
transactions may be subject to rules, terms, conditions and policies of a third
party. All such information provided to a third party is subject to their terms
and conditions.
Transfers of Your Personal
Information to Other Countries
Whenever in the course of
sharing information we transfer Personal Information to countries outside of
the European Economic Area and other regions with comprehensive data protection
laws, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with
this privacy policy and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection.
By using the Website you consent
to the transfer of information that we collect about you, including personal
information, to any country in which we, members of our corporate group (that
is, entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with
us) or our service providers are located.
Retention of Personal
Information
We will only retain your
Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it
for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or
reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate
retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and
sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized
use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your
personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means,
and the applicable legal requirements.
Where we no longer need to
process your Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we
will delete your Personal Data from our systems.
Where permissible, we will
also delete your Personal Data upon your request. Information on how to make a
deletion request can be found under “Your Rights Related to Your Personal
Information”.
If you have questions about
our data retention practices, please send us an e-mail at https://support.pornhubpremium.com.
The period for which we keep
your Personal Information that is necessary for compliance and legal
enforcement purposes varies and depend on the nature of our legal obligations
and claims in the individual case.
How We Protect the Security of
Your Personal Information
We take appropriate security
measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to
safeguard your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure.
For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access Personal
Information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In
addition, we use encryption in the transmission of your Personal Information
between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized
persons from gaining access to your Personal Information. Please be advised,
however, that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage
and transmission of Personal Data.
You are responsible for
maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all
times. We are not responsible for circumventions of any privacy settings or
security measures contained on the Website..
Choices About How We Collect,
Use and Disclose Your Personal Information
We strive to provide you with
choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to us.

You can
     choose not to provide us with certain Personal Information, but that may
     result in you being unable to use certain features of our Website because
     such information may be required in order for you to register as a member;
     purchase products or services; participate in a contest, promotion,
     survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on
     our Website.
You can set
     your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when
     cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that
     some parts of the Website may then be inaccessible or not function
     properly.
You may opt
     out of the DoubleClick cookie or of Google Analytics by visiting the Google
     advertising opt-out page or by downloading and
     installing the browser plug-in available at Google
     Analytics opt-out page.
When you
     register on our Website. If you no longer want to receive commercial or
     promotional emails or newsletters from us, you will need to avail yourself
     of the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the applicable communication. It
     may take up to seven days for us to process an opt-out request. We may
     send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail
     communications, such as service announcements, administrative notices, and
     surveys, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving
     them. Please note that opting out of receipt of promotional email
     communications will only affect future activities or communications from
     us. If we have already provided your information to a third party before
     you have changed your preferences or updated your information, you may
     have to change you preferences directly with that third party.
If you submit
     Personal Information, you may delete and deactivate your account with us
     at any time. If you deactivate and delete the information of your account,
     your Personal Information and any and all other account related
     information including, but not limited to, user profile data, sharing data
     and any other data, or content specifically associated with your account
     will no longer be accessible by you. After deleting and deactivating your
     account, if you choose to have an account with us in the future, you will
     have to sign up for a new account as none of the information you previously
     provided or saved within your account will have been saved.

Your Rights Related to Your
Personal Information
Subject to local law, you have
certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect, use or disclose
and that is related to you, including the right

to receive
     information on the Personal Information concerning we hold about you and
     how such Personal Information is used (right to access);
to rectify
     inaccurate Personal Information concerning you (right to data
     rectification);
to
     delete/erase your Personal Information (right to erasure/deletion, “right
     to be forgotten”);
to receive
     the Personal Information provided by you in a structured, commonly used
     and machine-readable format and to transmit those Personal Information to
     another data controller (right to data portability)
to object to
     the use of your Personal Information where such use is based on our
     legitimate interests or on public interests (right to object); and
in some
     cases, to restrict our use of your Personal Information (right to restriction
     of processing).

If we ask for your consent to
use your Personal Information, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Note
that in case of a withdrawal of your consent you may no longer able to use
several functionalities of our Website and our services.
You may, at any time, send us
an e-mail at https://support.pornhubpremium.com to
exercise your above rights in accordance with the applicable legal requirements
and limitations. If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have a
right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Note that some requests to
delete certain Personal Information will require the deletion of your user
account as the provision of user accounts are inextricable linked to the use of
certain Personal Information (e.g., your e-mail address). Also note that
it is possible that we require additional information from you in order to
verify your authorization to make the request and to honor your request.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may modify or revise our
privacy policy from time to time. Although we may attempt to notify you when
major changes are made to this privacy policy, you are expected to periodically
review the most up-to-date version found at http://www.pornhub.com/information#privacy so you are aware of any
changes, as they are binding on you.
If we change anything in our
privacy policy, the date of change will be reflected in the “last modified
date”. You agree that you will periodically review this privacy policy and
refresh the page when doing so. You agree to note the date of the last revision
to our privacy policy. If the “last modified” date is unchanged from the last
time you reviewed our privacy policy, then it is unchanged. On the other hand,
if the date has changed, then there have been changes, and you agree to
re-review our privacy policy, and you agree to the new ones. By continuing to
use the Website subsequent to us making available an amended version of our
privacy policy in a way that you can easily take notice of it, you thereby consent
to such amendment.
Enforcement; Cooperation
We regularly review our
compliance with this privacy policy. Please feel free to direct any questions
or concerns regarding this privacy policy or our treatment of Personal
Information by contacting us through this Website at https://support.pornhubpremium.com. When we receive a
formal written complaint, it is our policy to contact the complaining party
regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate
regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve
any complaints regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal
Information that cannot be resolved by an individual and us.
No Rights of Third Parties
This privacy policy does not
create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any
Personal Information relating to users of the Website.
Our Policy Towards Minors
Our Website is not directed to
persons under the age of 18 or the applicable age of majority in the
jurisdiction from which the Website is accessed and we do not knowingly collect
Personal Information from minors. If you become aware that your child has
provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at https://support.pornhubpremium.com. If
we become aware that a minor has provided us with Personal Information, we take
steps to remove such information and terminate that person’s account.
No Error Free Performance
We do not guarantee error-free
performance under this privacy policy. We will use reasonable efforts to comply
with this privacy policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn
of any failure to comply with our privacy policy. We shall not be liable for
any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this privacy
policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions
about this privacy policy or our information-handling practices, please contact
us at https://support.pornhubpremium.com.
You may also contact us at
195-197 Old Nicosia-Limassol Road, Block 1 Dali Industrial Zone, Cyprus 2540,
Phone: +357 22662 320, Fax: +357 22343 282.
GDPR (General Data Protecton Regulation)

                In accordance with the General Data Protecton Regulation law in the European Union effective May 25, 2018, Pornhub users can request a copy of their personal data as well as get Pornhub to delete their personal data.
            
Request a Copy of my Personal Data
Delete my Personal Data
Cookie and Tracking Technologies Policy

This page describes our cookie collection technologies policy for www.pornhub.com (the "Website"). If you do not accept this data collection technologies policy, please do not use the Website.
This Data Collection Policy is part of the Website's Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms that are not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Website’s Privacy Policy.
Web beacons:
a.	What are web beacons?
Web beacons are small strings of code that provides us with a way to deliver a small graphic image (usually invisible) on the Website or in an e-mail that we may send to Website Members and Visitors. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed.
b.	How do I control web beacons?
Web beacons are generally used in conjunction with cookies, so if your browser is set to reject cookies, or if you delete cookies, web beacons will not be able to track your activity on the Website. To learn more about refusing to accept cookies from the Website, please consult the section below entitled "How do I control Cookies?".
Cookies:
a.	What are cookies?
Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored in separate files within your computer's Internet browser, whether you visit the Website as a Member or as a Visitor. Cookies are accessed and recorded by the Website, and by the companies that show advertisements on the Website, so that they can recognize the same browser.
b.	What types of cookie are there and which ones do we use?
There are two types of cookies that we use:

Persistent cookies are stored in are stored within a Website Member or Visitor’s Internet browser when they access the Website and remain stored within the Internet browser for a set period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the Member or Visitor visits the Website.
Session cookies are temporary. They allow the Website to link the actions of a Member or Visitor during a browser session. An Internet browser session starts when a Member or Visitor opens the Internet browser window and finishes when they close the Internet browser window. Once a Member or Visitor closes their Internet browser window, all session cookies are deleted.

c.	Who else stores cookies on your browser when you visit the Website?

Third-party websites, when you click on a link to access them that is contained on the Website (this applies to Members and Visitors);
Third-party services that are accessed through the Website, such as Pornhub Live (pornhub.com/live) (this only applies to Members);
Third-party analytics service providers (such as Google) (this applies to Members and Visitors);
Third-party advertisers, advertising networks and advertising serving companies (this applies to Members and Visitors).

d.	How do I control cookies?
Whether cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device is something you can control. This section describes how you can manage the cookies that are placed on your computer or mobile device by the Website and third parties.
You may refuse to accept cookies from any source at any time by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse cookies. Further information about the procedure to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider’s website via your help screen. You may wish to refer to allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for information on commonly used browsers.
Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the Website may operate as intended.
e.	Analytics opt outs
We use services of third-party analytics providers, as detailed in the section of our Privacy Policy entitled "Third-party services and websites". If you would like to opt out of the services provided by our third-party analytics providers, you should note that any such opt out will be cookie-based, regardless of whether you are a Member or a Visitor. As such, if you get a new computer or device, install or start using a new browser, or erase or alter your browser’s cookie files, you may need to opt out again.

U.S.C. Section 2257 Compliance Notice
All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in this Website were over the age of eighteen years at the time of the creation of such depictions.With respect to all visual depictions displayed on this website, whether of actual sexually explicit conduct, simulated sexual content or otherwise, all persons in said visual depictions were at least 18 years of age when said visual depictions were created. The owners and operators of this Website are not the primary producer (as that term is defined in 18 USC section 2257) of any of the visual content contained in the Website. Please direct questions pertaining to content on this website to: support@pornhubpremium.com
The original records required pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 for materials contained in the website are kept by the appropriate Custodian of Records as follows:
Studio: 18 Carat
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Wegner, 20850 Dearborn St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: 1st Strike
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Entin, 6752 Eton Avenue Canoga Park, CA. 91303
Studio: 3 Vision Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Smith, 3166 E. Palmdale Blvd. Suit 214, Palmdale, CA. 93550
Studio: 3DXStar
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim - 7777 Boul Decarie Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec,H4P 2H2


Studio: 4 Stroke Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ingo John, Panska 8, Brno, Czech Republic, 602 00
Studio: 818 XXX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Acid Rain
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Weston, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91324
Studio: Adam & Eve Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Harvey, At PHE Inc, 302 Meadowland Dr., Hilsborough, NC, 27278
Studio: Adrenaline Rush
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 7650 Gloria Avenue, Van Nuys, CA, 91406
Studio: Aftershock
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P.Cseh, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA. 91411
Studio: All Wet Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Copeland. Global Media International Films Inc., 630 North Avenue, New York, NY 10036
Studio: AMA Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Loughlin, 7334 Topanga Canyon Blvd. #114, Canoga Park, CA 91303
Studio: Amateur District
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 3221 South Andrews Avenue, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33316
Studio: American Hardcore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Thomas di Reda, 7625 Hayvenhurst Avenue, # 26, Van Nuys, CA, 91406
Studio: Amorz
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Kevin, 1203 John Reed Ct., City of Industry, CA  91745
Studio: Anabolic
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Chris Roos at 9223 Owensmouth St, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Anarchy Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Jacoby/D. Wegner, 20850 Dearborn Street, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Andaro Vertriebs
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Dennis Ramaty, Goethering 52, Offenbach am Main,Germany, 63067
Studio: Antigua Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 21110 Norrdoff St., Chatsworth, CA 91111
Studio: Asses Up Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Centauro, 7345 Topanga CYN. BLVD, Canoga Park, CA 91303
Studio: Axel Braun Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Axel Braun Productions at 18620 Burbank Blvd. Tarzana, CA 91356
Studio: B.S. Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Krull, 9724 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Baby Doll Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Back End Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Barracuda Media Inc.
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo
6031 Kester Ave
Sherman Oaks, CA 91411
US
Studio: Big Rich's Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 3223 Main Street, Vancouver, Canada, V5V 3M6
Studio: Big Top
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Xavier, 214 W Grant Rd. Tucson, AZ. 85705
Studio: Bikini Beach Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Levine, 9810 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Bizarre Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Keith Gordon, 20-40 Jay St., Brooklyn, NY, 11201
Studio: Black Doll
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Innis, 36-08 34th St., Studio #1, 2nd floor, LIC, NY. 11106
Studio: Black Ice
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Black Ice Ltd - 20525 Nordhoff Street #4, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Black Label Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jay Michaels, 8335 Winnetka Avenue, Suite #112, Winnetka, CA 91306
Studio: Black Market
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9320 Mason Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311-5201
Studio: Black Mirror Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Gallant, 676-A Ninth Avenue #329 NYC NY 10036
Studio: Black Thunder Digital
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth CA. 91311
Studio: Blackout
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 21817 Plummer Street, Suite C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Bluebird Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 6711 Odessa Avenue, Van Nuys,CA 91406
Studio: Bonk Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Denis Labre, A12-1250 Eglinton Ave. West, Suite 222, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5V 1N3
Studio: Bordellonoir
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Bonneville 3885-J #328 Cocheran Blvd. Simi Valley, Ca. 93063
Studio: Boston Alternative Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: John Ferguson, 725 Branch Avenue #103 Providence, RI 02903 
Studio: Brazzers
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Brazzers Live
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Brazzers Series
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Bricate Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jon Ray, 13029 A. Victory Blvd #332, North Hollywood, CA. 91606
Studio: Brookland Bros. Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Marc Bruder, 2020 Broadway, Second Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90404, US
Studio: Burning Angel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Keyframe Programming, Inc. 10916 SE Lenore St. Happy Valley, OR 97086
Studio: Camel Toe
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: DW, 9531 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Candy Shop
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David Joseph, RLDD Distribution, LLC, 20339 Nordhoff St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Captain Willy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. White, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: CDI
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Robert Brickman, 8021 Remmet Avenue, Canoga Park, CA, 91304
Studio: Chain Reaction
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Cseh 7660 Gloria Avenue, Van Nuys, CA 91406
Studio: Chameleon Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Goldman, 4041 W. Missouri Avenue, Phoenix, AZ, 85019
Studio: Chatsworth Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Meis & N. Ayala, 9140 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA. 91311
Studio: Cherry Boxxx Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9158 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Cherry X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Chocolate City
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Ave, Sherman Oaks, CA 91411, US
Studio: City Girls
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Moshko, 255 West 36th Street, #204 New York, NY 10018
Studio: Classic X Collection
This studio's content was produced prior to July 3rd, 1995 therefore it is exempt from requirements of the TITLE 18, SECTION 2257.
Studio: Club Jenna
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 2706 Media Center Drive, Los Angeles, CA 90065
Studio: Club Summer Haze
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Craig Scott, 3389 Sheridan St. #459, Hollywood, FL. 33021
Studio: Coast to Coast
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Coast 2000, M. Rothstien, 39 W 19th St., New York, NY, 10011
Studio: CodeX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Gonzales, 21040 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Collateral Damage
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. van der Hoven, Simon Stevinstraat 7, Teil,The Netherlands, 4004 JV
Studio: Colossal Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Clerk, 5362 Cahuenga Blvd. , North Hollywood, CA, 91601
Studio: Combat Zone
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Giarusso, Pres., 9644 Lurline Avenue, Chatsworth, CA91311, USA 
Studio: Corrupted Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Brown, 25 Canfield Rd., Cedar Grove, NJ, 07009
Studio: Critical X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jay Michaels, 8335 Winnetka Avenue, Suite #112, Winnetka, CA 91306
Studio: Crush
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Dewan, 516 E #4 New York, NY 10009-6571
Studio: Cutting Edge
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Cohen, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth CA 91311
Studio: D And C Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Edward DePriest
630 Quintana Road
Morro Bay, CA 93442
US
Studio: Damaged Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 21817 Plummer Street, Suite C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Dane Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Marquez/P. Bussey, 9547 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Dark Xtreme
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA, 91411
Studio: DBA Supercore XXX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Paseo de Mallorca, 18, 07012 Palma, Baleares, Islas Baleares, Spain
Studio: DDF Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: ALS Scan, Inc, S. Kiwak, 3322 Peddicoat Ct Woodstock MD 21163 United States
Studio: Decadence Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J.R. White, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Demolition
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Weston, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91324
Studio: Demonic Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Fantasy Enterprises Inc, Harry B., 5840 S Semoran Blvd., Orlando, FL, 32822
Studio: Desperate Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Ben-Niam/Channel 69 Video, 9400 Lurline-Suite F1, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Devil's Film
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: NetFame Solutions Inc., 3300 Cote-Vertu, Suite 406, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4R 2B7
Studio: Diabolic
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Diabolic Video Productions Inc. - 20525 Nordhoff Street #4, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Digital Playground
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 7777 Decarie Boulevard Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, H4P 2H2 Canada 
Studio: Digital Playground Presents
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R Dodd - 16134 Hart Street, Van Nuys, CA, 91406.
Studio: Digital Sin
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: New Sensations, 21345 Lassen St, Chatsworth, Ca, 91311
Studio: DNA
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Desantis, 62 West 37th St., New York, NY, 10016
Studio: Doghouse
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, H4P 2K3
Studio: Dollhouse
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. McKay 201 N. Westmoreland Ave Loft 107, Los Angeles, CA, 90064

Studio: Dr. Moretwat
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jim Roberts, 9909 Topanga Canyon Blvd. Ste. #230, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Dream Room Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 445 S. Figueroa St Suite 2600 Los Angeles, CA 90017 USA
Studio: Dreamland Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9158 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Dungeon VIP
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tatoulis, 800 Petrolia Road, Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M3J 3K4
Studio: Dusk 'til Dawn
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Cleveland, 9751 Independence Avenue, Chatworth, CA, 91311
Studio: DVSX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Colmenero, 8943 Fullbright Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: DWS Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Sherri Ayash, 951 Willow Springs Rd., Twin Peaks, CA, 92391
Studio: Ebony Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Russo, 3441 W. Sahara Avenue A-7, Las Vegas, NV, 89102
Studio: Elegant Angel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Patrick Collins, 9801 Variel St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Emily Rigby Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 3221 South Andrews Avenue, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33316
Studio: Eromaxx
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Communicon, S.R.O., Osamocena 789 , 16000 Prague, Czech Republic
Studio: Eros Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Gibson, 630 Quintana Road, Morro Bay, CA 93442
Studio: Erotic Angel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Kevin Beechum, 9158 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, Ca, 91311
Studio: Erotica X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: O.L. Entertainment Inc. - 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Qc, H4P2K3
Studio: Ethnicity Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Mann, 9327 Deering Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Evil Angel  B. Pumper
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Belladonna
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Christoph Clark
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Jake Malone
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Jay Sin
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Jazz Duro
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Joey Silvera
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  John Leslie
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  John Stagliano
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Jonni Darkko
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Kevin Moore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Manuel Ferrara
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Meanbitch Productions  
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Mike Adriano
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Nacho Vidal
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Omar Galanti
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Raul Cristian
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Roman Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Sean Michael
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Steve Holmes
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Evil Angel  Timo Hardy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Excessive Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Berrios, 8484 Wilshie Boulevard, Suite 900, Beverly Hills, CA, 90211
Studio: Explicita
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Exquisite / ANRPG
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Feig, 20821 Dearborn Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Fatt Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A.Thornton, 21110 Nordhoff St. Unit L, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Feline Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Cohen, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth CA 91311
Studio: Fetish Oasis
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Young, 240 East 27th Street, New York, NY 10016
Studio: Fifth Element
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Knieling, 20850 Dearborn St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Filth Factory
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Berrios, 8484 Wilshie Boulevard, Suite 900, Beverly Hills, CA, 90211
Studio: Finland Deluxe
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Flash Point Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Bunz, 33592 Rising Tide Ct., Dana Point, CA, 92629
Studio: Flesh Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Poole, 15041 Calvert St., Van Nuys, CA 91411
Studio: Forbidden
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Freaky Empire
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Felton, 20821 Dearborn, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Freaky Steve
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J Tatulis, 800 Petrolia Rd, #18, Toronto, -1 M3J3K4, CA
Studio: Fresh Meat Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Baker 21541, Blythe St., Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Funky Monkey
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 50 Biscayne Blvd., Miami, FL 33132
Studio: Future Works
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 10 East 33rd Street, 7th Floor, New York City, NY, 10016
Studio: G.D. Douglass
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G.D. Douglas, 3230 E. Flamingo Road #401, Las Vegas, NV, 89121
Studio: Galdavision Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 21817 Plummer Street, Suite C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Gen XXX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Tremont, 2677 La Cienaga Blvd., L.A.,CA, 90034
Studio: Genesis Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 800 Petrolia Rd. Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M3J 3K4
Studio: Gentlemen's Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Esposito, 21638 Lassen St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Gia Darling Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 69 I Bieschboschstraat 69 I, Amsterdam 1057, Netherlands.
Studio: Girl World Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 20821 Dearborn St. Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Global Media International Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David Copeland, 630 9th. Avenue Suite 207, New York, NY 10036.
Studio: Golden Age Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Gibson, 630 Quintana Road, Morro Bay, CA 93442
Studio: Gotham Gold
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Adult Entertainment Broadcast Network, 500 Archdale Drive, Charlotte, NC 28217
Studio: Gothic
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jerry van Binsbergen, Veenderveld 118, Roelofarendsveen, Select A State 2371 TX, NL
Studio: Grind House Porn
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Weston, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91324
Studio: Gwen Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 966 E. 4th Street, Suite A, Los Angeles, CA 90013.
Studio: H2 Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Eleni Markaki, Kifissias Avenue Atrina Tower B, Athens, Greece, 15125
Studio: Hard X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: O.L. Entertainment Inc. - 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Qc, H4P2K3
Studio: Hardline
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Zuzana Horokova, Muehlegasse 12A, 6340 Baar, Switzerland
Studio: Hardworks
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Feig, at L.V.V.E., 21540 Prarie St., #D, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Harmony Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Stagliano, 14141 Covello St. 8C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: He She Studios
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Richman & B. Mendleson, 8955 Fullbright Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Heart Core
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Strano, 934 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA, 94103
Studio: Heatwave Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA, 91411
Studio: Hell House Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Tyler Gonty, 14662 SE 172nd St., Renton, WA, 98058
Studio: Hell's Ground Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ivan Catlin, 2150 Ward, Ville St. Laurent, Quebec, Canada H4M 1T7
Studio: Heydi Pervers
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Robinienstrasse 66, D-80935 Munchen
Studio: Homemade Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9320 Mason Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311-5201
Studio: Horizon Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Gibson, 630 Quintana Road, Morro Bay, CA 93442
Studio: Hot Chocolate
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D.Copeland, 630 9th Avenue, New York, NY, 10036
Studio: Hundies
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Taylor, 7777 Davie Rd Ext, STE 1068, Davie, FL 33024, USA
Studio: Hustler
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David Carrillo, LFP, Inc., 8484 Wilshire Blvd., Beverly Hills, CA 90211 
Studio: I-Candy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Lewis Wolf, Theater Group, 4820 North Rancho Drive #B, Las Vegas, NV 89130
Studio: IDV
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J.P., 3115 Duffenin St. Toronto, Ontario, Canada M8A 259
Studio: Immoral Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Dan Leal, 21110 Nordhoff Unit C, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Intense Industries
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. van der Hoven, Simon Stevinstraat 7, Teil,The Netherlands, 4004 JV
Studio: Introduction
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Gonzales, 21040 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Jekyll & Hyde Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Grayson, 14141 CAvenuela St, Suite 5D, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Jet Multimedia
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Simpson, 9811 Owensmouth Avenue, Unit 6, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: JFP
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Robinson, 127 Hendy Creek Rd., Unit B, Pine City, NY 14871, US
Studio: JM Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Lane, 21110 Nordhoff Avenue Unit C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: John Strong Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Y. Boroda 20339, Nordhoff St., Chatsworth CA 91311
Studio: Juicy Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Estrada, 9751 Independence Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Julie Simone Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 7237 Franklin Avenue Suite 7, Los Angeles, CA. 90046 U.S.A.
Studio: Justin Slayer International
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Bell, 7738 Gloria Avenue, Van Nuys, Ca 91403
Studio: K-Beech
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9601 Mason Avenue, Unit B, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Kamikaze Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Woo, 135 E. Chestnut Avenue #2B, Monrovia, CA, 91006
Studio: Kaytel Video Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Alain Richer, 2150 Ward, Ville St. Laurent, Quebec, Canada H4M 1T7
Studio: Killergram
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Adam Brown - Sportlaan 1a, 6631 BD Horssen, The Netherlands

Studio: Kimberly West Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tatoulis, 800 Petrolia Road, Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M3J 3K4
Studio: Kink
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Cybernet Entertainment 1800 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94103

Studio: LatinX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Gonzales, 21040 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Lava XXL
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Thomas Wawer, Pappelbrink 54, Hannover, Germany, 30657
Studio: Le'Wood Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Sherwood, 4924 Balboa Avenue #434, Encino, CA 91316 
Studio: Legal Pink
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Playhouse Downloads, Rondebeltweg 2, 1329BA, Almere, The Netherlands
Studio: Legend
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Legend, 20339 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: LeMayzing Production
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Laurie Emery, 1025 Ocean Avenue, Ste. 102, Santa Monica, CA 90403
Studio: Lethal Hardcore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Colossus Media Group, 744 Grand Avenuenue East, Suite 39, Chatham, Ontario, Canada, N7L 1X6
Studio: Lewd Fucking Sex Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Gonzales, 21040 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Lex Drill Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Lexington Steele/Mercenary Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Britt, 21018 Osborne Str., Unit #2, Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Lick Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J.R. White, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Live Gonzo
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Raul Cristian Sararu
c/o Zachary Roberts
1291 Galleria Drive, Suite 210
Henderson, NV 89014

Studio: Loaded Digital
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Enrique, 9327 Deering Avenue, Chatsworth, Ca. 91311
Studio: Lord Perious Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Krull, 9724 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Low Art
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Oren Cohen, 14746 Raymer St., Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Lucky Devil
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Simpson, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: M Squared Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jackie Barnard, 801-288 East 8th Avenuenue ,Vancouver, BC, Canada V5T 4S8
Studio: Mach 2 Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Ouran, 14141 Covello St., Suite 1-D, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Madness
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Barion 14141, Covello St., Suite 1-D, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Magnus Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 9144 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Major Video Concepts
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Juan Segura, Sobegirl Inc. 6538 Collins Avenue #462 Miami, FL, 33141
Studio: Marc Dorcel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 25 Rue Plumet, Paris, France, 75015
Studio: Master Len
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Gecko Productions, 4206 W. Reno Avenue, Las Vegas, NV89118
Studio: Matrix Content
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Norman Bentley, 21135 erwin St,, Woodland Hills, CA, 91367 
Studio: Maximum Grind
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Krull, 9724 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Maximum Xposure
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Beckman, 7050 Valjean Avenue, Van Nuys, CA 91406
Studio: Maxine X Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 800 Petrolia Rd. Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M3J 3K4
Studio: Mayhem
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Joplin, 9144 Deering Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Meltdown
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Desantis, 62 West 37th St., New York, NY, 10016
Studio: Melting Images
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Desantis, 62 West 37th St., New York, NY, 10016
Studio: Metro
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Enrique, 9300 Corbin Avenue, Northridge, CA 91324
Studio: Metropolis Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA, 91411
Studio: Michael Kahn Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Michael Kryger, 8739 Azul Dr, Canoga Park, CA 91304 , US
Studio: Michael Stefano Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Michael Menta, 20339 Nordhoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Mikado
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Woo, Cinema Paradise 135 E, Chestnut Avenue #28, Monnovia CA 91006
Studio: Mile High Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: T. Blitt, Mile High Distribution Inc., 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2K3
Studio: MILF Mania
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 21817 Plummer Street, Suite C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Mofos
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2
Studio: Mother Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Elizabeth Starr, Starr Productions, 6758 Franklin place, Hollywood, CA 90028
Studio: Motherfuckers
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Copeland. Global Media International Films Inc., 630 North Avenue, New York, NY 10036
Studio: Multimedia
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Lane, 9730 Veriel Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: My Dirty Hobby
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Colbette II Ltd, Irene Tower, 3rd Floor, 178 Athalassas Avenue, Nicosia, Cyprus 2025
Studio: My XXX Pass
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: O.L Entertainment Inc. - 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Qc, H4P2K3
Studio: Nasty Boyz
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Chris Bonneville, Valhalla Sky Productions, 6758 Franklin Place, Hollywood, Ca 90028
Studio: Nasty Jack
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. White, 9539 Cozycroft Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Nasty Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Provenzano, 18722 Vista Del Canyon - A, New Hall, CA 91321
Studio: Nasty Pixxx
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ron Atkinson, 5114 Calenda Drive, Woodland Hills, CA, 91367
Studio: Naughty Risque
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Choungchote, 250 River St, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Nectar
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Entin, 14141 Covello Street, Suite 5C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: New Machine
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Brown, 25 Canfield Rd., Cedar Grove, NJ, 07009
Studio: New Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Chaim Cohen
9144 Deering Street
Chatsworth, CA 91311
US
Studio: New Porn Order
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 3389 Sheridan St. #469, Hollywood, FL, 33021
Studio: New Sensations
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: New Sensations, 21345 Lassen St, Chatsworth, Ca, 91311
Studio: Niche Channel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Leu 69 Wesley St. Teterboro, NJ 07606
Studio: NJ Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Knowles, Pres NJ Films Inc., 9728 Variel Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: No Boundaries
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Jacoby, 21311 Gault St., Canoga Park, CA. 91303
Studio: Notorious
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Hesky, 9821A Independence, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Nubian Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Rothstien, 39 W 19th St., New York, NY, 10011
Studio: NXT LeVL Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Sherwood, 4924 Balboa Avenue #434, Encino, CA 91316 
Studio: OGV
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Ouax, 7800 Airport Business Parkway, Van Nuys, CA, 91406
Studio: Old Pueblo
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: L. Hansen, 2390 Crenshaw Blvd., #276, Torrance, CA, 90501
Studio: On The Flop Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Kevin Omalley, 850 E. Vista Way, Suite E, Vista, CA 92084, US
Studio: Ona Zee
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: F. Wiegers, 4274 Lincoln Blvd, suite 320, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292.
Studio: One Piece Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: T. Nogochi, 21601 Devonshire St. Suite, 301 Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Onyxxx Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tennenbaum, Lex Drill Productions, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: OSK Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 102-215 Highland Road West Kitchener, Ontario, Canada N2M 3C1
Studio: Outrageous
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Moshko, 255 West 36th Street, #204 New York, NY 10018
Studio: Overboard Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: OpenMind Solutions, Inc, 23072 Lake Center Drive, Ste. 100, Lake Forest, CA 92630
Studio: Pandemonium
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Party Cove xxx
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Martin, 635 N. Twin Oaks Valley Rd. #15, San Marcos, CA, 92069
Studio: Peach DVD
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David James, 15115 Califa Street #C, Van Nuys, CA, 91411
Studio: Pearl Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: G. Szabo, 6031 Kester Avenue, Sherman Oaks, CA, 91411
Studio: Perversa
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Global Media Group KFT, American UT H-5140 Budapest
Studio: PH7
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J.P., A12-1260, Eglinton Avenue West, Suite 233 Missasauga, Ontario, Canada L5V 1N3
Studio: Pink Kitty Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D & E Media, LLC, 360 Glenwood Avenue, #6 E Orange, NJ 07017
Studio: Pink Puncher
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Woo, 135 E. Chestnut Avenue #2B, Monrovia, CA, 91006
Studio: Pink'o
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Sins Factory srl, Via Pomposa 43 / I - The Linden Centre, 47924 Rimini 
Studio: Piston Exclusive
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Forcellini Corrado, St. Di Gualdre, 7, Fiorentino , -1 47897, SM
Studio: Planet Skin
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Koplik, 4913 H. Ashland Avenue #3, Chicago, IL 60940.
Studio: Platinum X Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Menta, 21018 Osborne St., #5 , Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Playhouse
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Pleasure Plaza - Rondebeltweg 2, 1329BA, Almere. The Netherlands.

Studio: Playtime
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ronald Sturgeon, 2781 W. MacArthur Blvd., Suite B352, Santa Ana, CA 92704, US
Studio: Porn Academy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: support@thepornacademy.com
Studio: Porn Star Legends
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Murray , 348-2660 Southvale Crescent, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada K1B 4W5 
Studio: Porn Zone Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Alain Richer, 2150 Ward, Ville St. Laurent, Quebec, Canada H4M 1T7
Studio: PornPros
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Walton - 4625 Wynn Rd C-223, Las Vegas, NV 89103
Studio: Power House
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Rinaldi, 21418 Parthenia St., Canoga Park, CA, 91304
Studio: Powersville
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Lane, 21110 Nordhoff Unit C, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Precious Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Feig, 9751 Independence Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Private
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Fraserside Holdings Ltd., Office 1002, 10th Floor, Nicoloau Pentadromos Centre, Thessalonikis Street, 3025 Limassol, Cyprus. 
Studio: Puba
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Ben Hadjun, 7032 Bright Avenue Whittier, CA 90602
Studio: Pulpo Inc
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. A. Elarahona, 13200 Mason Avenue, # 119, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Pulse Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Grayson, 14141 CAvenuela St, Suite 1C, Van Nuys, CA 91405
Studio: Pure Filth Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Legend, 20339 Nordoff St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Pure Passion
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Walton - 4625 Wynn Rd C-223, Las Vegas, NV 89103

Studio: Puritan Video Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P J Krasner, 2977 Macarthur Road, Unit #2248, Whitehall, Pennsylvania 18052
Studio: Purple Haze Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 255 W36th St. NY, NY 10018
Studio: Python Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Wegner, 20850 Dearborn St., Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Quebec Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: O.L. Entertainment Inc. - 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Qc, H4P2K3
Studio: R18Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Pinero, 800 Petrolia rd, unit 18, North York, Ontario, M3J 3K4
Studio: Radical
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Kouva, Kehrasaari B 206 Tampere Finland
Studio: Rain Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Weston , 21414 Chase St #1, Canoga Park, CA, 91304
Studio: Rapture Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Garfinkel, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91342
Studio: Ravage Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Pineiro, 1 Delta Park Blvd #13, Brampton, Ontario L6T 5G1
Studio: Ray Wolfe Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Patrick Levy, 2150 Ward, Ville St. Laurent, Quebec, Canada H4M 1T7
Studio: Reality Blue Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9040 Eton Ave., Canoga Park, CA. 91304-1616
Studio: Reality Gang
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Sim, 7777 Decarie Boulevard, Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2H2 
Studio: Reality Junkies
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: T. Blitt, Mile High Distribution Inc., 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2K3
Studio: Reality Kings
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jose Tavarez- 225 7th Street Suite LB-100, Miami, FL 33139

Studio: Red Hot Collection
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: T. Wada, 4550 Wilshire Blvd., LA, CA, 90010
Studio: Red Light District
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: David Joseph, RLDD Distribution, LLC, 20339 Nordhoff St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Red Lines Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tatoulis, 800 Petrolia Road, Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M3J 3K4
Studio: Red Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Pinero, 800 Petrolia rd unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, M3J 3K4
Studio: Red Rhino
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: BM Woody, 1199 Lynn Valley Road North Vancouver B.C., Canada V7J 3S9 
Studio: Risque Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Cleveland, 2964 Redwood Avenue, Costa Mesa, CA 92626
Studio: Rocco Siffredi
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: John Stagliano, Custodian Of Records -14141 Covello ST. 8C,
Van Nuys CA 91405 USA
Studio: Rockman Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Suarez, 4523 Van Nuys Blvd., Suite 204, Sherman Oaks, CA 91403
Studio: Rotten Candy Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Baker 21541, Blythe St., Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Sabrina Deep
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Yallop, 257 Troy St., Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5G 1S9
Studio: Samurai
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Al Thornton
9610 Desota Avenue
Chatsworth, CA
91311
Studio: Samuraiporn
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Avbox Inc., 1108 W. Valley Blvd. Ste 6-303, Alhambra, CA, 91803
Studio: Sapphire
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Screw My Wife Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Navarro, 18216 Parthenia Street, Northridge, California, 91325
Studio: Sex Line Sinema
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Beechum, 9400 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Shock Wave
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: E. Rosen, 520 North Croft Avenue #203, West Hollywood CA 90048
Studio: Shot At Home
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Tommy Duchemin, 2649 Townsgate Road, Suite 600A, Westlake Village, CA 91361
Studio: Shots Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Balvers, 6651 KS, Druten, The Netherlands, Europe, 61348
Studio: Silver Sinema
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Rnash, 1335 Corona Pointe Court, Corona, CA 92879 USA, 2257--@sc-2257.com
Studio: Simon Wolf
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Robert Herrera, 8944 Mason Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Sin City
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Dillon, 537 Stevenson Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103 
Studio: Sin-Sensual
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Sirimarco, Sinastion, 9181 Deening Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Sinful Pleasures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Beckman, 7050 Valjean Avenue, Van Nuys, CA 91406
Studio: Skin Tight Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Mendleson, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Sky High Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 4550 Wilshire Blvd., LA, CA, 90010
Studio: Smash Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9619 Canoga Avenue, Chatsworth, California 91311
Studio: Snatch
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A Thornton, 21110 Nordhoff St. Unit L, Chatsworth, CA 91311, US
Studio: Spread 'Em Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Raffi, E.P.M. sa, Via Fondo Ausa, 68 Blocco, 2-47891, Dogana Rep. Di San Marino
Studio: Starr Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Elizabeth Starr, Starr Productions, 6758 Franklin place, Hollywood, CA 90028
Studio: Steroid Supercore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Joaquin Reinhard, Paseo de Mallorca 18, Palma de Mallorca, Beleares, 07012
Studio: Studio Teriyaki
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 11400 West Olympic Blvd. Suite200 Los Angeles, CA 90064
Studio: Stunner Studios
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Scott, 3389 Sheridan St. #469, Hollywood, FL, 33021
Studio: Sudden Impact
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Newcomb, 20432 Corisco St., Chatsworth, Ca 91311
Studio: Sunlust Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 7336 Santa Monica blvd #31, W Hollywood, CA 90046
Studio: Supercore
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Abston 9730 Variel Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Supremacy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Moshko, 1170 Broadway #403, New York, NY 10001
Studio: Suze Randall
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Haaren Enterprises, 25575 Piuma Road, Calabasas, California 91302
Studio: Sweet Sinner
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 8148 Devonshire, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, H4P 2K3
Studio: Sweetheart Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Mile High Media Inc. 8148 Devonshire Mount Royal, Quebec, Canada H4P 2K3
Studio: T & A Studios
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Thomas Dawid, 10 Walton St, Edison, NJ 08817, 732-572-2382
Studio: Team Skeet
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Paperstreet Media - 14 NE 1st Ave Suite 705, Miami, FL, 33132
Studio: Teenie Vision
This studio's content was produced prior to July 3rd, 1995 therefore it is exempt from requirements of the TITLE 18, SECTION 2257.
Studio: Telsev
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Pascal Morvillez, 2 Rue De Berlin, Montevrain, France, 77144
Studio: Temptation Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Garfinkel, 8735 Shirley Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91342
Studio: Tennervision
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Tennenbaum, 5600 Oso Avenue, Woodlland Hills, CA, 91367
Studio: The L Factor
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 21541 Blythe St. Canoga Park, Ca 91304
Studio: Theater X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9145 Owensworth, Chatsworth, Ca, 91311
Studio: Third Degree Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Third Degree Films - 20525 Nordhoff Street #4, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Third World Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9320 Mason Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311-5201
Studio: Titan Babes
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Titanium
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 10 E. 33rd St., New York, NY, 10016
Studio: Tokyo Hot
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: CSJJ Media, Inc. 150 Spear Street, Suite 725, San Francisco, CA 94105
Studio: Toni Ribas Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Garcia Cabra, 20339 Nordhoff St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Top Shelf Teens
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 9144 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Toppers Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Norton, 8955 Fullbright Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Tora-Tora
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Woo, Cinema Paradise 135 E, Chestnut Avenue #28, Monnovia CA 91006
Studio: Torrid
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 5146 Douglas Fir Road, Calabasas, CA 91302
Studio: Totally Tasteless
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Chalfin, 9718 Glenoaks Blvd Unit B., Sun Valley, CA, 91352
Studio: Toxxxic
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Mann, 9327 Deering Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Trashy
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Andre Depretis, 565 College Drive, Suite C-151, Henderson, NV 89015 ,US
Studio: Triple Threat Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Baker 21541, Blythe St., Canoga Park, CA 91304
Studio: Tripple X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jose Sosa, 4791 E 8 Ln, hialeah, FL 33013, US
Studio: Twisted Tommy Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Dedeon, Twisted Tommy Productions, Tulok Utca 59, Budapest Hangary 1194
Studio: Tyce Bune
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: C. Cleveland, 2964 Redwood Avenue, Costa Mesa, CA 92626
Studio: Un-Plugged
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jay Michaels, 8335 Winnetka Avenue, Suite #112, Winnetka, CA 91306
Studio: V Communications
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Thierry Cohen, 5-7 Rue Ordener, 75018, Paris, -1 3, FR
Studio: V9 Video
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 59 Lake Drive, Highstown, NJ, 08520
Studio: Vanguard Video
This studio's content was produced prior to July 3rd, 1995 therefore it is exempt from requirements of the TITLE 18, SECTION 2257.
Studio: VCA
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wendy Nitz, 9650 DeSoto Avenue Chatsworth, CA. 91311
Studio: Velocity X
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Koch 8031 Remmet Avenue Canoga Park, CA. 91304
Studio: Venom
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Feig, 20821 Dearborn Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Venus Digital
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: J. Resnick, 105-111 S. State Street, Hackensack, NJ 07601
Studio: Video Art Holland
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Mrs. S. Wenderhold, Anna van Renessepiein 8 1911 KN, Uitgeest, The Netherlands
Studio: Video Team
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9300 Corbin Avenue, Northridge, CA, 91324
Studio: Vidway
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: DAvenue Copeland, 630 9th Avenue, Suite #207, New York, NY 10036, US
Studio: Vince Vouyer Unleashed
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Action and Reaction, Inc. at 19860 Nordhoff Place Chatsworth, CA 91377
Studio: Visage
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Dale Weinberg, 4950 Louise Avenue #307, Encino,CA, 91316
Studio: Vista Video
This studio's content was produced prior to July 3rd, 1995 therefore it is exempt from requirements of the TITLE 18, SECTION 2257.
Studio: Visual Images
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Mendleson, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Visual Purr-Suasion
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Baer, 5362 Cahuenga Blvd., North Hollywood, CA., 91601
Studio: Viv Thomas
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: VivThomas.com-video Lda., Apartado 106, 8800 - Tavira, PORTUGAL
Studio: Vivid
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Hirsch, 3599 Cahuenga Blvd., West Los Angeles, CA 90068
Studio: Vivid/Cathouse 45
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Hirsch, 3599 Cahuenga Blvd., West Los Angeles, CA 90068
Studio: Vivid/Lil Jon
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Hirsch, Vivid Entertainment, LLC, 3599 Cahuenga Blvd., West, Los Angeles, CA 90068
Studio: Vixen Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jim Roberts, 9909 Topanga Canyon Blvd. Ste. #230, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: Vouyer Media
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Vouyer Media, 9020 Eton Ave., Unit 6, Canoga Park CA. 91304
Studio: Vouyer Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: D. Giarrusso, Red Light District, 21018 Osborne St. #5, Canoga Park, CA, 91303
Studio: VXI Multimedia
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 800 Petrolia Rd. Unit 18, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M3J 3K4
Studio: Wayne Enterprises
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wayne Herrera, 18034 Ventura Blvd. #452, Encino, CA, 91316
Studio: WCP
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 10040 Remmet Avenue Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Wet Dreams XXX
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: K. Jacoby, 20850 Dearborn Street, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: White Ghetto Films
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: 9721 Canoga Ave., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: White Trash
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: M. Rotthstein, 318 West 39th St., New York NY 10018
Studio: Wicked Live.com
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wicked Pictures,9040 Eton Ave, Canoga Park, CA, 91034
Studio: Wicked Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wicked Pictures - 9040 Eton Ave,Canoga Park, CA, 91034
Studio: Wildlife Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Navarro, 18216 Parthenia Street, Northridge, California, 91325
Studio: WOW Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: S. Zingerman, 9144 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: X-Traordinary Pictures
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: B. Mendleson, 9145 Owensmouth Avenue, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: X-Worx
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: P. Phan, 6132 Adriatic Way, W. Palm Beach, FL 
Studio: XBang
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Safe Keeping Records, 12445 Gladstone Avenue, Sylmar, CA 91342
Studio: XCartel
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: R. Karch 20740, Marilla St., Chatsworth, CA 91311
Studio: Xposed Productions
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Jim White, 20555 Devonshire St. #106, Chatsworth, CA, 91311
Studio: XVN
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: A. Breitdach, Unter Fettenhennen 1650667 Koeln Germany
CSJJ Media, Inc. 150 Spear Street, Suite 725, San Francisco, CA, 94105
Studio: Yuzu Co, Ltd.
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Wilson F., 2478 Peck Road, City of Industry, CA 90601
Studio: Zane Entertainment
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Chuck Zane, 21526 Osbourne St., Canoga Park, CA, 91304
Studio: Zero Tolerance
All records required to be kept by federal law are in the possession and available for inspection during all reasonable hours at: Zero Tolerance -20525 Nordhoff Street #4, Chatsworth, CA
91311
