
PRIVACY STATEMENT Cork GAA is committed to protecting your privacy & security. Please read our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use carefully so that you are aware of the steps we take to protect your privacy, what information we collect and how we use it now or may use it in the future.Controllers of InformationAny personal information provided to or gathered by www.gaacork.ie is controlled by Cumann Lúthchleas Gael. If you register on the website and choose to receive further information from us, we may use the information you provide us with for the following purposes:- We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us to develop the design and layout of the website.Personal details may be for purposes such as notifying you of GAA news, events, fixture, ticket, merchandising and player information which we think may be of interest to you.Cork GAA will not put any information about you on general release nor will it sell such information to organizations not associated with Cork GAA.We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf such as delivering packages, analysing data, providing marketing assistance and designing and operating our website. Such companies and individuals have access to your personal information for the purpose of carrying out this work only. These enterprises will not use your data for any other purpose. Under no circumstances will these enterprises use any additional data about you to which they are party for any other purposes.CookiesCookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We may use cookies to store information on your computer. This information may help us identify if you are registered with the site and shortcut your access through the site. We will only read cookies from your cookie file placed there through your web browser's interaction with this site. Note that you may change your browser settings to refuse cookies.DisclaimerCork GAA recognises that we have legal obligations in terms of the collection and use of personal data made available to us. This website is provided on an "AS IS" basis and Cork GAA excludes all warranties or representations of any kind with respect to this website or its contents. In particular, Cork GAA does not warrant or represent that the information contained on this website is accurate or up to date. The contents of this website are designed to comply with Irish law and Cork GAA cannot be held responsible for non-compliance with any local advertising or other laws in relation to this website or its contents.Your ConsentBy using our website you consent to collection and use of any information you provide to us by Cork GAA for the purposes described above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. We recommend you re-visit this page periodically to check for changes. We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data including the use of encryption technology, but cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of sending information over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent. If you are under the age of 18 you may register on the website to receive newsletters and other information but only with parental or guardian consent. You may only make purchases on this website if you are aged 18 or over or, if under 18, have received parental or guardian consent.Gaa.ie Terms of UseWelcome to Cork GAA website ("www.gaacork.ie"). Your access to and use of www.gaacork.ie is subject to these terms, gaacork.ie Privacy Statement, gaacork.ie Copyright and any other terms contained on this web site ("Terms of Use"), whether or not you become a member of gaacork.ie. (1) What you must do1.1 You must use gaacork.ie in a responsible manner.1.2 If you are under 18 years of age, you must obtain a parent/guardian's consent prior to using gaacork.ie. (2) What you must not do2.1 You must not:(a) use gaacork.ie for any activities or post or transmit to or via gaacork.ie any information or materials which breach any laws or regulations, infringe a third party's rights, or are contrary to any relevant standards or codes;(b) use gaacork.ie in a way or post to or transmit to or via gaacork.ie any material which interferes with other users or defames, harasses, threatens, menaces, offends or restricts any person or which inhibits any other user from using or enjoying gaa.ie;(c) make any fraudulent or speculative enquiries, bookings, reservations or requests using gaacork.ie;(d) use another's name, username or password without permission;(e) post, or transmit via gaa.ie, any obscene, indecent, inflammatory or pornographic material or material that could give rise to civil or criminal proceedings;(f) tamper with, hinder the operation of or make unauthorised modifications to gaa.ie;(g) knowingly transmit any virus or other disabling feature to gaacork.ie; and(h) attempt any of the above acts or permit another person to do any of the above acts. (3) Third Party Content3.1 Much of the information or advertising related to products, services provided on gaa.ie are the products, services and information of parties other than gaacork.ie ("third parties").3.2 The third party products, services and information are not provided or endorsed by us and your legal relationship is with the third party supplier. 3.3 We have not checked the accuracy or completeness of the information or the suitability or quality of the information, products and services of the third parties. You must make your own enquiries with the relevant third party supplier direct before relying on the third party information or entering into a transaction in relation to the third party products and services supplied via gaacork.ie. You should check with the third party supplier whether there are additional charges and terms which may apply. 3.4 We may receive fees and/or commissions from third parties for goods and services of such third parties displayed or made available on gaacork.ie or accessible through a hyperlink on gaacork.ie. You acknowledge and consent to us receiving the fees. (4) Prices and products and services are subject to change4.1 All prices displayed and products and services offered to be supplied on gaa.ie are subject to change without notice. (5) Security5.1 For security reasons we may require you to re-authenticate yourself from time to time, for example after a period of inactivity on the connection between your browser and gaacork.ie servers. We are not responsible for any information you may lose if gaacork.ie servers terminate your browser session due to prolonged periods of inactivity between your browser and gaacork.ie servers. (6) Indemnity6.1 You indemnify us and our officers, employees, agents and related bodies corporate from and against all actions, claims, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses arising out of or in any way connected to the use of gaacork.ie by you or someone using your name and password. (7) Use of your information and material7.1 When you send us any feedback, suggestions, ideas or other materials in relation to or via gaa.ie, you agree that gaa can use, reproduce, publish, modify, adapt and transmit them to others free of charge and without restriction, subject to our obligations in our Privacy Statement.

