Cypress Mountain’s website may contain links to other websites. We make every effort to only link to websites that share our high standards of decency, fairness, and integrity. We try our best to ensure that these links are safe for everyone, but the privacy and data collection practices on any linked website are entirely separate from Cypress Mountain and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Other websites may also link to the Cypress Mountain website without our knowledge or consent. Cypress Mountain has no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of these websites.Every attempt is made to provide up-to-date, accurate information on this website. However we can accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained through use of this information. We encourage you to verify details considered critical with relevant sources.Our policy is that no personal information will be collected about you unless you choose to provide it and that any personal information which you provide us will be safeguarded to the best of our ability and not shared with others for any reason. By providing such personal information to Cypress Mountain you are agreeing to these terms and also accept that from time to time we may use such records to inform you of special notices, offers or promotions made exclusively by Cypress Mountain, Cypress Bowl Recreations Limited Partnership, Cypress Bowl ULC, Boyne Canada, Boyne USA Inc. and any of its subsidiaries, employees, agents, representatives, sponsors, successors, and assigns. We may disclose a customer’s personal information to a public authority or agent of a public authority, if in the reasonable judgement of Cypress Mountain, it appears that there is imminent danger to life or property which could be avoided or minimized by the disclosure of the information. If a customer calls 911, we will provide the customer’s name, address and telephone number to the emergency agency.If you do not wish to receive such information from Cypress we will be happy to remove your information from our database at your request. To make such a request, please call 604.926.5612 or email privacy@cypressmountain.com. Cypress Mountain reserves the right to change the information, features, products, policies, promotions, disclosures, and disclaimers at any time.The Cypress Mountain Privacy Policy described in this site is subject to the provisions of all applicable legislation and regulations.