Home » Guilford Press Privacy Policy


Guilford takes your online privacy and security very seriously. We've designed this site to be nonintrusive while offering the full functionality you expect. A full explanation of our policies is provided below.
. We've designed this site to be nonintrusive while offering the full functionality you expect. A full explanation of our policies is provided below.
Online Ordering

We provide a secure online ordering environment. SSL encryption is used on every order to protect your credit card information. We have never had a report of compromised customer security, and will do everything we can to maintain that record.  Our shopping cart remembers your address information so that you don't have to re-enter your address every time you order. However, as a security precaution, we never store your credit card information.
To place an order, we ask that you log in with your e-mail address as a username and a password of your choosing.  Your e-mail address will be used for your order confirmation and, if you chose during the ordering process, to receive notification of  titles by e-mail. Guilford does not make customer e-mail addresses or phone numbers available to any other company or third party.  Please see "Customer E-Mail Addresses" below for more information.
Cookies must be enabled in your browser to use promo codes, access account features or supplementary materials, or place an online order. Simple instructions for enabling cookies can be found here.
E-Mail Addresses and Telephone Numbers

If you register to access companion materials for one of our titles, we will ask for your email address. If you place an order we will ask for your e-mail address and phone number. Your e-mail address will be used to notify you about your order status, as well as to advise you of special offers and news from Guilford Press. Your phone number will be used only to contact you in the event of a question regarding your order. If you subscribe to one of our e-alerts, you will receive notification of new titles in your area of interest via e-mail, as well as exclusive offers and book news. Guilford does not make customer e-mail addresses or phone numbers available to any other company or third party. To remove your name from our mailing list at any time, use our simple online unsubscribe form. Guilford fully complies with the provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act. Your email address will be removed from our mailing list within 10 business days of receipt of your opt-out request.

Postal Mailing List Policy

We value you as a customer. After you place an order with us, we may use the billing address you provide to send new Guilford catalogs or special offers via the mail. On occasion, we also provide our customer postal mailing list to carefully selected companies whose products may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive any mailings from Guilford and other companies, please opt-out of postal mail on our unsubscribe page.

If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please don't hesitate to contact us.


			
 		
 	
		