   Types of information we collect may include:

Name
Mailing address
E-mail address
Phone (or mobile) number
Date of birth or age
Driver’s license number
Credit/debit card number
Purchase/return/exchange information
Registry or list information
Your mobile device information (e.g., device model, operating system version, device date and time, unique device identifiers, mobile network information)
How you use our sites and mobile applications, search terms, pages you visit on our mobile applications and application performance, as discussed further below
Geo-location and in-store location
Social media information (e.g., ID, profile picture, gender, age range, friends’ IDs)

If you choose not to provide information, we may not be able to provide you with requested products, services or information.          automated information collection       We may connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you in order to identify you as a Target guest. If we are able to identify you as a Target guest, we may, for example, link your activity on our website to your activity in a Target store or on one of our mobile applications. This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us—online, in store, mobile, etc.
In order to provide the best guest experience possible, we also use automated information collection technologies for reporting and analysis purposes. We examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our website, in our stores and on our mobile applications; the performance of our marketing efforts; and your response to those marketing efforts.
Target Automated Collection
We and our service providers use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device. This information, which includes, but is not limited to: the pages you visit on our site or mobile application, ads you click on, which web address you came from, the type of browser/device/hardware you are using, purchase information and checkout process, search terms, and IP-based geographic location, helps us recognize you, customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant. This includes Target content presented on another website or mobile application, for example, Target Weekly Ad. These technologies also enable us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits. In addition to other technologies, we use Flash cookies to prevent fraud or other harmful activities.          cross-context and cross-device identification, advertising, personalization, and advertising attribution       Cross-Context
We merge data collected from our own websites, such as www.target.com and www.weeklyad.target.com , and our mobile apps, such as our Target and Cartwheel apps. Data collected includes cookie IDs, device Advertising IDs (such as Apple’s Identifier for Advertising and Google’s Advertising ID); transactions and browsing history; your interaction with our online and mobile advertisements, including advertisements we serve within our emails and advertisements that we serve on behalf of third parties through the Target Media Network; information about ads we serve, such as which ad was served, your interactions with the ads, and the URLs where the ads are served from marketing partners such as Google DoubleClick for Publishers and Google DoubleClick Campaign Manager ; the email address we have on file for you; any Registry information you have provided us; demographic and other information regarding your likely commercial interests from third parties; and in-store transaction data.  This combination of data enables us to see users’ and Guests’ web activity on Target websites, app activity on Target apps, and interactions with our online and mobile advertisements and advertisements that we serve on behalf of third parties through the Target Media Network, to create a single set of information from all of the various contexts with which we or our partners interact with you, and to understand how well Target’s advertisements and advertisements that Target serves for third parties through the Target Media Network perform in terms of translating to transactions online, in app, and in Target’s stores and the stores of our third-party advertisers.  It also helps us improve our users’ and Guests’ experience by delivering more personalized advertising, including email advertising, social media advertising, and paid search advertising, and helps us create more personalized online and in-app experiences.  We share information on the performance of advertisements Target serves for third parties with our advertising partners in aggregate form.
Cross-Device
We may also link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in relevant advertising on another device.  We do this using both deterministic and statistical methods.  The deterministic means of linking devices and browsers uses data such as a consumer logging into a single account on multiple devices.  The statistical means using data about your devices or browsers that help identify devices, such as partial or full IP address and browser version.  We use this data to help us determine if two or more devices are linked to a single consumer or household.  We can then use this linkage to serve interest-based advertising (IBA) and other content to you across your devices and to allow us to perform analytics and measurement of the performance of advertising campaigns.  This allows us to deliver more relevant and consistent advertising to you (for example, if you purchase a product on our website using your desktop, we’re able to avoid showing you an advertisement on the same product on your tablet.  Instead, we may show you an ad on your tablet for complimentary products to the one you just purchased on our website).  We also measure the performance of such ads and deliver information on advertising performance to our advertising partners in aggregate form.
Your Choices
To opt-out of the vendors we use for cross-device linking, go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Choices page at optout.aboutads.info and perform a global opt-out on each browser and device that you would like to be opted out on.  Please note that this will not opt you out of cross-device linking or advertising for Target delivered by Target. Opting out in this manner means that the browser on the device from which you opt-out will no longer receive information collected on devices linked to it, that devices linked to it will not receive information collected from the opted-out device, and that the vendor will not transfer information collected from the opted-out device to a third party.   Please note that this will not opt you out of cross-device linking or advertising across linked devices based solely on your visits to Target websites or apps, or your interaction with advertisements for Target delivered by Target.  If we later work with cross-device vendors that have a proprietary opt-out, and for whom the DAA opt-out is not effective as described above, we will provide a link to those vendors’ proprietary opt-outs. 
The opt-out tool described above is Cookie-based.  Therefore, the opt-out will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies, and it may not function where cookies are automatically disabled or removed. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again.    Third-Party Automated Collection and Interest-Based Advertising
Target participates in interest-based advertising (IBA), also known as Online Behavioral Advertising. We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online., as well as to provide advertising-related services such as ad delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. Target adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory principles for IBA.
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our websites or use our mobile applications. This information is used to serve ads for Target products or services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites.  These companies use non-personally-identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g., static IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. or advertising-related services, such as ad delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. These parties typically use a cookie, web beacon or other similar tracking technologies to collect this information.          our do not track policy       Some browsers have a ”do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser ”do not track” signals, but we do provide you the option to opt out of interest-based advertising. To learn more about IBA or to opt-out of this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website. Options you select are browser- and device-specific.          mobile location information       If you have downloaded one or more of our mobile applications, you can opt in to location sharing for additional application capabilities. For example, geo-location will use your device’s latitude and longitude or your device’s location capabilities (e.g., GPS or Wi-Fi) to let you find nearby Target stores. Or, in-store location through the use of our phone’s blue tooth signal, LED light chip technologies or other technologies will permit Target to find nearby products for you, get you real-time deals, auto-sort your shopping list and more. To learn how to opt out of sharing your location with Target, go to the Choices section of this privacy policy.          user experience information       In order to improve guest online and mobile shopping experiences, help with fraud identification and assist our guest relations representatives in resolving issues guests may experience in completing online purchases, we use tools to monitor certain user experience information; including login information, IP address, data regarding pages visited and ads clicked, specific actions taken on pages visited (e.g., information entered during checkout process), browser and device information.          targeted TV Ads       We may display targeted ads to you through your cable or satellite TV provider. These ads are sent to groups of people who share traits,such as likely commercial interests and demographics. We receive this information from third-party sources. For example, we may target TV ads to guests who have expressed an interest in shopping for groceries, cosmetics, clothing, etc. The ads may also be based on personal information you have provided your cable or satellite TV provider. We do not share any of your personal information, including your shopping history, with your cable or satellite TV provider. See your cable or satellite TV provider’s privacy policy for additional information about targeted TV Ads, including how you can opt out of receiving such ads.          social media       Target engages with guests on multiple social media platforms (e.g., Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest). If you contact us on one of our social media platforms, request guest service via social media or otherwise direct us to communicate with you via social media, we may contact you via direct message or use other social media tools to interact with you. In these instances, your interactions with us are governed by this privacy policy as well as the privacy policy of the social media platform you use.
Social Media Widgets
Our sites and mobile applications include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, Google Plus, Pinterest and Twitter widgets. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you’re visiting on our site, and they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
Social Media Ads
We may display targeted ads to you through social media platforms. These ads are sent to groups of people who share traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. For example, we may target guests who have expressed an interest in shopping for groceries, cosmetics, clothing, etc. See the policies of each social media platform for additional information about these types of ads.          information from other sources       We collect data that is publicly available. For example, information you submit in a public forum (e.g., a blog, chat room, or social network) can be read, collected or used by us and others, and could be used to personalize your experience. You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances.
We also obtain information provided by third parties. For instance, we obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing guest information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our guests (e.g., adding address information).
This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that may interest you.          store cameras       We use cameras in and around our stores for security purposes and for operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns and tracking in-stock levels.   