Cross-Context
We merge data collected from our own websites and mobile apps. Examples of the data collected include: cookie IDs, device Advertising IDs (such as Apple and Google’s Advertising Identifiers); transactions and browsing history; your interaction with our online and mobile advertisements, including advertisements we serve within our emails and advertisements that we serve on behalf of third parties through the Target Media Network; information about ads we serve, such as which ad was served, your interactions with the ads, and the URLs where the ads are served from marketing partners such as Google DoubleClick for Publishers and Google DoubleClick Campaign Manager ; the email address we have on file for you; any Registry information you have provided us; demographic and other information regarding your likely commercial interests from third parties; and in-store transaction data. This combination of data enables us to see users’ and Guests’ web activity on Target websites, app activity on Target apps, and interactions with our online and mobile advertisements and advertisements that we serve on behalf of third parties through the Target Media Network, to create a single set of information from all of the various contexts with which we or our partners interact with you, and to understand how well Target’s advertisements and advertisements that Target serves for third parties through the Target Media Network perform in terms of translating to transactions online, in app, and in Target’s stores and the stores of our third-party advertisers.  It also helps us improve our users’ and Guests’ experience by delivering more personalized advertising, including email advertising, social media advertising, and paid search advertising, and helps us create more personalized online and in-app experiences.  We share information on the performance of advertisements Target serves for third parties with our advertising partners in aggregate form.
Cross-Device
We may also link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in relevant advertising on another device.   This allows us to deliver more relevant and consistent advertising to you (for example, if you purchase a product on our website using your desktop, we’re able to avoid showing you an advertisement on the same product on your tablet.  Instead, we may show you an ad on your tablet for complimentary products to the one you just purchased on our website).  We also measure the performance of such ads and deliver information on advertising performance to our advertising partners in aggregate form.
Your Choices
To opt-out of the vendors we use for cross-device linking, go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Choices page at www.aboutads.info/choices and perform a global opt-out on each browser and device that you would like to be opted out on.  Opting out in this manner means that the browser on the device from which you opt-out will no longer receive information collected on devices linked to it, that devices linked to it will not receive information collected from the opted-out device, and that the vendor will not transfer information collected from the opted-out device to a third party.   Please note that this will not opt you out of cross-device linking or advertising across linked devices based solely on your visits to Target websites or apps, or your interaction with advertisements for Target delivered by Target 
The opt-out tool described above is Cookie-based.  Therefore, the opt-out will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies, and it may not function where cookies are automatically disabled or removed. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again.