
Email Security
If you’ve been contacted by a suspicious email account, read our advice about how to keep your device and information secure. Find out more
Privacy Policy
We hope you will enjoy using the Arnold Clark Automobiles Limited website (“website”), and we want to make sure your experience is as safe and useful as possible. Here you can find out how our website works, what data we collect from you, how we use it, conditions where we may disclose this data to others and how we keep it secure.  By using our website you agree to be bound by the terms of this policy.
Arnold Clark Automobiles Limited (SC036386) (“Arnold Clark”, “we” and “us”) takes the issue of security and data protection very seriously and strictly adheres to guidelines published in the United Kingdom Data Protection Act of 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 which is applicable from the 25th May 2018. We are notified as a Data Controller with the Office of the Information Commissioner under registration number Z6369745 and we are the data controller of any personal data that you provide to us. Any questions relating to this policy and our privacy practices should be sent to website.privacy@arnoldclark.com.
Personal information that we collect, why we collect it and how we use it.
We obtain information about you when you use our website and we also receive information from you, for example when you are viewing vehicles or making online bookings. We need this information to enable us to provide our online services and where appropriate, our in branch services booked through the website. This section sets out in more detail what information we collect, why we collect it, how we use it and how long we keep your information.

To make an online Service, MOT or Repair booking, we require your name, contact information and vehicle details. This information is required so that we can arrange your booking and notify you if there are any changes to the booking. You can also specify if you would like this information to be stored in a cookie, so as to avoid repeat typing in subsequent visits. If your car was purchased from Arnold Clark our aftersales system will already have your information and we will send you a yearly service/MOT reminder, as we are contractually obligated to do so. However, if you are an Aftersales Customer only then we will ask you at the point of service whether or not you wish to receive service or MOT reminders and/or general Arnold Clark Group marketing. If you do not wish to receive these reminders or general marketing then your personal data will be deleted within a year. If you never fulfil your booking then your personal data will be deleted within 1 week.
When you search our New Car Special Offers or Used Car Stock Locator we may store information on the vehicles you searched for in a cookie so that we can personalise site content. 
We may track what type of vehicles you view so that we can make suggestions and personalise site content. 
We monitor visitor usage patterns to help us continually improve the site.
If you enter one of our competitions, we require your name, e-mail address and daytime telephone number so we can contact the winner. The competitions are subject to the following terms and conditions. One entry per person. All entrants will be considered, and the winner will be picked at random by the Arnold Clark Marketing team. Winners will be contacted by phone or e-mail after the prize draw. All prizes are non-transferrable and non-refundable. Entrants must be 17 years or older to enter and claim a prize from any of our competitions. Unclaimed prizes may be offered to other competition entrants within 48 hours of first notification to the winner. Competitions run on social media are not endorsed, sponsored, administered by, or associated with Facebook, Twitter or Instagram. If you do not opt in to receive marketing from us then your data will be deleted following the outcome of the prize draw.  
To make an online enquiry and book a test drive we would need your name, contact information and a copy of your driver’s licence, we will store a copy of this for 6 months, in case of any speeding, parking or any motoring offence that may occur.
Similarly if you take a courtesy car from our service department then we would require your name, contact information, insurance details and a copy of your driver’s licence, we will store a copy of this for 6 months, in case of any speeding, parking or any motoring offence that may occur.
Occasionally, we may use your e-mail address to send you information about changes to this website, we will ask you for permission to do so. 
Phone calls may be recorded, and any recorded calls will be retained for a maximum of 6 months and only be used for training and quality purposes and/or to prevent or detect crime.
Please be aware that if your online enquiry leads to the purchase of a vehicle from Arnold Clark, then at the point of sale (under a contractual obligation) we will collect your full name, address, two contact telephone numbers, date of birth, drivers licence details, payment details, details of the vehicle you are buying and any details of the vehicle you are part exchanging including mileage and MOT information if relevant. Your details will be retained in line with all regulatory laws and for no longer than 7 years. Your details will not be used for marketing purchases unless you have given us permission to contact you in this way.
If finance is required when purchasing a vehicle we will be required to collect further details including your marital and housing status, number of dependents, previous address, occupation, employer, business address and bank details as well as a copy of your driver’s licence, a proof of address (i.e. a utility bill) and any other relevant documentation. This information will be passed by Arnold Clark with your permission to the finance companies and if you are approved for finance the copies of your documentation will be securely shredded after 3 months. Your personal information will be stored on your order form which will be kept for 7 years after which it will be removed.
If your online enquiry leads you to visit an Arnold Clark branch we use CCTV to monitor all our premises, therefore your image and potentially your vehicle registration will be captured and stored for up to 8 weeks depending on the system used at the branch.

We review our data retention periods regularly and will only hold your personal data for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as required by law (we may be legally required to hold some types of information), or as set out in any relevant contract we have with you.
Marketing
It is your choice whether you receive information such as marketing from us and you can select this by ticking the relevant boxes on the form where we collect your information. We will not contact you for marketing purposes unless you have given your prior consent. If you have agreed to receive marketing from Arnold Clark we may e-mail to inform you of new products available from companies within the Arnold Clark group. If, at any time, you no longer wish to receive this information, please send a written request to direct.marketing@arnoldclark.com. Also, all of our email marketing correspondence gives you the option to opt-out of receiving further marketing emails. Please note that you will still receive emails directly related to an enquiry you have submitted via our contact form.
If you have opted-in to receive marketing material from us, we will use your name and email address to send out this information.
Access to Your Information
You may request, at any time, a copy of the personal information the Company holds about you, at no cost. Should you wish to access or update the personal information that we hold, please contact us by sending a written request to Customer Services Department, 454 Hillington Road, Hillington Park, Glasgow, G52 4FH or customer.services@arnoldclark.com.
If you wish to have the information the Company holds on your person removed, please request this in writing to Customer Services Department, 454 Hillington Road, Hillington Park, Glasgow, G52 4FH or customer.services@arnoldclark.com - as long as your information is not pertinent to the completion of a contract or required for any legal reason it will be removed. 
If you are concerned that we are not using your information in accordance with the law, or are not satisfied with our response to a request made above, then you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Data Security
Please be aware that the transmission of information via the internet is not always completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the complete security of your data transmitted to us electronically; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to restrict unauthorised access.
All credit/debit card data taken through our websites is encrypted in accordance with PCI-DSS.
Data Storage and Use of Data Outside of the European Economic Area
We store your data on secure servers inside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Some of our third party contractors are based outside of the EEA however, we have strict control over how and why your data can be accessed. By submitting your personal data, you are consenting to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your data outside the EEA we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures with the aim that your rights continue to be protected as set out in this policy. 
Disclosing Your Information
We may disclose your personal information to another member of our group, which means our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006 – GTG Training Ltd (SC290157), Arnold Clark Finance Ltd (SC039597), Arnold Clark Insurance Services Ltd (SC192797), Harry Fairbairn Ltd (SC043023), Assure Alarms Ltd (SC139217) and Towquest Ltd (02299882).
We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:

If we sell any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer of such business or assets.
If Arnold Clark or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Arnold Clark group, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We work with various third party providers to help us deliver our products and services, and we only disclose your information as far as is necessary to provide the service. However, we have contracts with third party suppliers we will have completed necessary security checks and full due diligence to ensure that your data is kept safe once passed to the third party. All third parties only have the right to use your data to complete an obligation, they do not have marketing rights over your data. Your data is used including in the following circumstances:
                
We may contract a data cleansing organisation to ensure all data is accurate and up to date.
If you use our "Live Chat" function via our partner, Contact At Once, your information may be collected, used and stored as part of our "Live Chat" service and your personal information will be shared with Contact at Once.
If your online enquiry leads to the purchase of a new car your information will be disclosed to the manufacturer for warranty, registration and safety recall purposes. In some circumstances the manufacturer will be acting as the data controller of your information and we recommend that you read their privacy policy to see how they will use your information. 
If your online enquiry leads to the purchase of a vehicle with a finance agreement, we will disclose your information to 3rd party finance companies. If you are accepted for finance that finance company will be the data controller for your information and we recommend that you read their privacy policy to see how they will use your information. 



How we use cookies
Arnold Clark use cookies to help improve our websites and make your browsing experience more useful, more relevant and tailored to you. In order to comply with the most recent legislation and in the interests of transparency, we have updated our privacy policy to give you clearer information on the way we use technology such as cookies and how they affect your privacy.
Cookies are small text files, placed on your hard disk by a web page server. They are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
We will use encrypted information gathered from the cookies to improve your online experience with Arnold Clark.
Some of the cookies we use will expire after you close the browser window. These are called session cookies. Some cookies last longer than this, because they are used to identify return visits to the website. 
After browsing our website you may receive personalised banner advertisements whilst browsing other reputable websites. We are committed to providing you with information on products and offers which are relevant to you. Any banner advertisements you receive will relate to products which have been viewed whilst browsing this website on your computer or other device. This service is provided by Arnold Clark via a reputable third party specialist provider, through the use of cookies placed on your device. All cookies listed below will be enabled while you use our website and they will operate as established below. Please note that cookies do not harm your computer or any software you may have.
What cookies we use and why
Types of cookies:

Session cookies are deleted when you leave our websites. They help keep track of your progress so you don't have to enter the same information more than once.
              Persistent cookies stay on your device after your browsing session has ended. They will remember settings, preferences and details for the next time you use the websites.
First party cookies are set by the website owner, i.e. Arnold Clark.
Third party cookies are set by other parties, such as Google and Twitter.
Necessary cookies are required for the operation of our website.
Performance or analytical cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, for example, remember your preferences (for example, your postcode in Find a Dealer search).

This section is a table which explains why we use certain cookies and what they do.
Necessary Cookies



Cookie Name
Type
Purpose




Searchcookie
Session, First Party
This helps us remember what you searched for, from page to page. The website would not function correctly without this cookie enabled.


JSESSIONID
Session, First Party
This helps us remember what you searched for, from page to page. The website would not function correctly without this cookie enabled.



Session Cookies



Cookie Name
Type
Purpose




AC_srch
Session, First Party
This cookie remembers what you searched for from page to page. To use our search function, this cookie needs to be enabled.


49a2c522799ce817e00b8c4aeb8869f8

This is an admin cookie set by the CMS.


Session
Session, Third Party (Towquest)
By setting and using session cookies throughout our booking process we are able to get you back to your booking session if you happen to move away to a different page or even if you close your browser. This session cookie means that next time you return to the booking process your previous session will have been saved.


LoginStatus
Session, Third Party (Towquest)
If you have a registered account with us we are able to determine if you are logged in to our website using cookies. This will save you time on your next visit to the website as we will already know your details. By setting a cookie to remember your details, for your next visit, we are able to personalise your user experience and you won't have to re-enter your details every time you visit.


LoginName
Session, Third Party (Towquest)
We want you to feel welcome at the website so we use cookies to remember who you are if you have a registered account with us. By saving cookies, based on your account details, we can make your next visit to our website personal to you, by welcoming you back to the website by name.



Performance Cookies



Cookie Name
Type
Purpose




Mixpanel
Persistent, Third party (Mixpanel, Inc)
When visiting some parts of our website, we may set this cookie which enables us to collect information in real time about the way users interact with our site. For more information about how Mixpanel may use this information, visit: www.mixpanel.com/privacy


Google Analytics (_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz)
Persistent, Third party (Google)
These enable the function of Google Analytics. This software helps us take and analyse visitor information such as browser usage, new visitor numbers, response to marketing activity and browsing times. That anonymous information helps us to improve the website and your browsing experience, and to make our marketing campaigns relevant. The data stored by these cookies can be seen only by the relevant teams at Arnold Clark and Google and never shows any confidential information. For more information about how Google may use this data - visit: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy


Crazy Egg
Persistent
This cookie is used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, details of which can be found by following this link: http://www.crazyegg.com/privacy


Get Clicky cookies, (first_pv_ , _jsuid)
Persistent, Third party
These cookies allow us to track visitors to the website using Get Clicky. We can use visitor information on which pages were visited, how frequently, and for how long to improve the website and the user experience. The data stored by these cookies can be seen only by the relevant teams at Arnold Clark and Get Clicky, and never shows any confidential information. Visit: http://getclicky.com/terms


Auto Trader Dealer Display Retargeting
Persistent, Third party
This cookie is used by our advertising supplier Auto Trader to identify users of the website when they subsequently visit autotrader.co.uk. This enables Auto Trader to target these users with display advertising specific to Arnold Clark. The data stored anonymously identifies a user as having visited www.arnoldclark.com.



Functional Cookies



Cookie Name
Type
Purpose




showroom cookie, showroomsns
Persistent, First Party
This allows you to use the shortlisting feature. It means we can remember which cars you added to the shortlist as you move from page to page. If you add cars to the shortlist, this information will be remembered while you browse the site, and when you return to the site.



Third Party Cookies



Cookie Name
Type
Purpose




Google Maps cookies, (SID, HSID, NID, SAPSID, SSID, PREF)
Mostly session, Third Party
We embed Google maps on various pages within our website. The cookies set by embedded Google maps appear to detect your preferences and record usage of Google maps. Read their privacy policy here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy


_utma
Persistent, Third Party
Refers to the number of times you have visited our website and the first and the last visit times.


_utmb
Persistent, Third Party
Google Analytics cookies that contain timestamps of time you enter and leave our website.


_utmc
Session Third Party
Google Analytics cookies that contain timestamps of time you enter and leave our website.


_utmz
Persistent, Third Party
Google Analytics cookie that tracks which search engine you have used to come to this website, which keyword(s) you used to find the website, which link(s) you have clicked on within the website and where you were located when you clicked that link.



To find out even more about cookies, visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org
IP Addresses
The additional cookies that run during your session will collect information about your computer in the form of server logs, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions. Disabling cookies ensures that your IP address will not be recorded. 
Arnold Clark recommend that you accept cookies, as we use them to:

Customise elements of our website’s layout and content, and test different designs of our websites to improve your experience.
Recognise when a user has visited before, meaning we can see how many unique visits we receive. We can then make sure the websites are easy to use and have enough capacity.
Remember your preferences and settings, such as text size and language.
Recognise your device so you don't have to provide the same information during your visit, or on subsequent visits.
Help us identify errors and resolve them effectively.
Establish what information is relevant to you while you are browsing our websites.
Collect statistical, anonymous information about how our visitors use/interact with our digital services so we can improve them.
Learn which parts of our websites are most popular and improve them.
See how effective our online messages are.

However, you can choose to decline cookies by changing your browser settings.
Links
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Social Networking
The Website may offer you the opportunity to share or follow information about us (or the website or our services) using third party social networking functionality (such as through "share this", "like" or "follow" buttons).
We offer this functionality in order to generate interest in us, the website and our services among the members of your social networks, and to permit you to share and follow opinions, news and recommendations about us with your friends. However, you should be aware that sharing personal or non-personal information with a social network may result in that information being collected by the social network provider or result in that information being made publicly-available, including through Internet search engines.
Please note that we do not exercise any endorse or control the policies or practices of any third party social network whose functionality you may access through the website. You should always read the privacy policy of any social network through which you share information carefully in order to understand their specific privacy and information usage practices.
Changes to our Privacy & Cookies Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy & cookies policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.

