We understand that you may be concerned about the security of the personal information we collect from you online. Accordingly, we have systems in place to ensure our online dealings with you are as secure as your dealings with us in person, or on the telephone. In those instances where we secure your personal information in transit to us and upon receipt, we use the industry standard encryption software, Secured Socket Layer (SSL) 128 bit encryption. The URL in your browser will change to "HTTPS" instead of "HTTP" when this security feature is invoked. Your browser may also display a lock symbol on its bottom task bar line to indicate this secure transmission is in place. We employ security programs and services to monitor network traffic in order to identify attempts to breach our security. Information collected on our websites We may collect non-personal information from you such as browser type, operating system, and web pages visited to help us manage our web site. We use cookies (see below) and other internet technologies to manage our website and certain online products and services. We do not use these technologies to collect or store personal information unless you have opted in to such a feature. Where you've logged into our website we may reflect the products and services you use with your on-line behaviour to provide content that is of more interest to you. Our internet server logs the following information which is provided by your browser for statistical and content optimisation and personalisation purposes:  the type of browser and operating system you are using  your Internet Service Provider and top level domain name (for example - .com, .gov, .au, .uk)  the address of any referring website (for example - the previous web site you visited), and  your computer's IP (Internet Protocol) address (a number which is unique to the machine through which you are connected to the internet).   All of this information is used by Australia Post for aggregated statistical analyses or systems administration purposes only. No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities, except where required by law. Cookies A "cookie" is a packet of information stored on your computer that allows the Australia Post server to identify and interact more effectively with your computer. Our websites use two different kinds of cookies:  Session cookies - temporary cookies that only last until you close your browser  Persistent cookies - cookies that are stored for a longer term on your computer.   Session cookies When you access our web site, we send you a temporary cookie that gives you a unique identification number. A different identification number is sent each time you use our website. Cookies do not identify individual users, although they do identify a user's internet browser type. When you close your browser, the cookie is deleted and no longer exists on your computer. You are free to disable cookies in your browser (see details below). If you have disabled cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our website features. We use session cookies in the following manner:  Log-on and log-off administration - Session cookies help with the log-on and log-off processes for those users who have decided to register to use one of our online services. The cookies enable us to recognize your user ID when you log on so that we do not establish a duplicate registration record for you.  Transactions and site usability - We use session cookies to improve how you navigate through our website and conduct transactions. As examples, session cookies are used to maintain your online session as you browse over several pages; to store and pre-populate information so that you do not have to re-enter the same information twice. Session cookies may also be used to collect referral statistics when you click on a link or ad banner to or from auspost.com.au, and associated websites.   Persistent cookies APG may also use "persistent cookies". A persistent cookie is a small piece of text stored on your computer's hard drive for a defined period of time, after which the cookie is erased. Australia Post will not collect or link to personal information through persistent cookies without your express consent.  We use persistent cookies as follows:   Site usage measurement - Our site measurement tool uses a persistent cookie to assist us in measuring how and when our web site and its various components are used. It functions as a "visit cookie," so we can determine if you are a repeat visitor to our site. This allows us to know if we are attracting new visitors and what aspects of the site seem most useful. The cookie will expire 30 days after your last visit.  Log-off safety function - Australia Post uses a persistent cookie to automatically log you off certain Australia Post sites if there has been no activity for 15 minutes. This is done for your safety to ensure that, if you have finished using our site but have forgotten to log off, no one else can use your computer via your log on and password. The cookie is permanently removed from your computer when you log off, or, if you have closed the browser without logging off, it is removed within 15 minutes from your last activity.  Longer-term cookies - Persistent cookies allow us, at your request, to recognise you when you return to auspost.com.au or to remember certain information that you have provided us. The recognition feature allows you to log on to certain Australia Post sites automatically, without having to enter your name and password each visit. The cookie assigns a random number to you, and allows us to track your site activity, but this is not linked to personal information. This allows us to personalise the site for you and tailor the content to your needs, for instance to show you banner ads about products you may be interested in.  Click stream data - "Click stream data" is information which is derived from an analysis of your website activity based on the sequence of links which you click on while browsing our Website. When you visit the Website or use our products and services, we will collect this information for analysis, maintenance or reporting purposes and to improve the performance of our Website. This can include information such as your IP address, the duration of your visit and the date and time of your visit.   Other cookies allow us to remember certain information related to prior transactions, such as package tracking numbers, or mailing or address lists, so we may pre-populate those fields for you on return visits. Cookie Management You can configure your internet browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is sent. Most browsers accept cookies by default. To learn more about cookies, including how to refuse cookies on your computer, click these links: Links to other sites The Australia Post site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage you to read and understand the privacy policies on those websites prior to providing any information to them. Some of the content appearing on the Australia Post website may be supplied by third parties, for example, by framing third party web sites or the incorporation through "framesets" of content supplied by third party application service providers. In such cases, Australia Post will ensure that our contractual arrangements with these third parties protect your personal information in compliance with privacy laws. Searches Search terms that you enter when using our search engine are collected, but are not associated with any other information that we collect. We use these search terms for the purpose of aggregated statistical analyses so we can ascertain what people are looking for on our website, and to improve the services that we provide. We may use external companies to provide us with detailed aggregate statistical analyses of our website traffic. At no time is any personal information made available to these companies, nor is the aggregate information ever merged with personal information such as your name, address, email address or other information you would consider sensitive or would compromise your privacy.
