


            This is the web site of MX Guarddog, a division of IK2 Limited. Our postal addresses are:        




						IK2 Limited
						11F, Admiralty Centre, Tower 2
						18 Harcourt Road, Admiralty
						Hong Kong
        			

						IK2 Limited / MX Guarddog
						672 Old Mill Rd #351
						Millersville, MD 21108
						USA
        			



            We can be reached via e-mail at postmaster@mxguarddog.com.We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.The information we collect is used for internal review and to improve the content of our services, used to customize the content and/or layout of our site pages for each individual visitor.With respect to cookies We use cookies to store visitors preferences, and record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site.With respect to telephone numbers Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding services they have specifically ordered from us.With respect to Ad Servers We do not partner with or have relationships with any ad server companies.With respect to security We have appropriate security and encryption measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.With respect to email retention Messages processed on behalf of users are not retained on our systems, once delivered to your server all message content is deleted from our servers. For purposes of stats and troubleshooting we log the following information: message sender, message recipient, date message received, date message delivered, delivery status and message subject.Messages placed in quarantine are retained on disk for review/release by the end user, when the quarantine expires message content is deleted from our servers. In the event of delivery problems to your server we will retain messages on our systems for a maximum period of seven (7) days while attempting delivery. Letting good mail in, keeping bad mail out.



            Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.Upon request we will provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g. name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them, as well as a description of information that we maintain about them. Prior to any information being released, proper security measures will be used to verify your identity. To request such information, please contact us in writing at the above address.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes at this site. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our site periodically.If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address.        


