

The www.theTrumpet.com site is produced and sponsored by the Philadelphia Church of God (pcg). Various information is collected from our site. The following provides details on how the information is collected and used.


The pcg collects two types of information: 1) personal information and 2) non-personally identifiable information. Personal information may include names and addresses that are submitted when requesting literature or other services.


Non-personally identifiable information may include the type of browser being used (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc), the type of operating system being used (e.g., Windows, Mac OS X, etc) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., msn, Earthlink, etc).

How We Use Collected Information

The pcg may use submitted information to fill requests for online viewing of the Key of David program, literature, as well as other follow-up information, promotional offers and requested services.


The pcg uses non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. The information may be summarized into reports for the purposes of analyzing site usage. The pcg may share non-personally identifiable information with prescreened third parties for marketing or promotional purposes.


The pcg reserves the right to disclose personal information, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required, to protect our rights and/or the safety of others.


The pcg restricts access to collected information and requires that it only be used as required for the purposes of fulfilling the services offered by the pcg.


The pcg does not sell or otherwise distribute information to third parties except as previously described.

Cookies

The pcg uses “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is written to your hard drive for record keeping purposes. This file is accessed, for example, to determine previously established viewing preferences. Cookies are not used to gain personal information that is not specifically supplied by the user.


The configuration of most browsers is initially set to accept cookies. Browsers can be set to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are sent. However, preventing the use of cookies may inhibit the designed functionality of the site.

Third Party Links

The pcg may provide links to Third Party sites for the purpose of enhancing the viewing experience, for crediting sources, for providing access to needed browser plug-ins or for other purposes. Third Party sites may have different privacy policies and methodologies for protecting collected information. Viewers of these sites should be aware of this difference and read available privacy statements.

Usage Agreement

Using this site signifies your agreement to terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement. The pcg reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Questions or comments can be sent to
info@pcog.org.


