

					We take your privacy very seriously and we will not share any information you give us with anyone else unless required by law.
					We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute the information that you or your users submit on our website. We take your privacy
					seriously and we want you to feel comfortable using our services.
				

					OneAll Sàrl (“OneAll”, ”we”, ”us”) is a registered technology company offering a set of web-delivered tools and services for establishing and
					optimizing a site’s connection with many social networks and providers such as Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo! and LinkedIn amongst others.
				

					The OneAll social optimization platform enables online businesses (“Developers”) to (a) easily connect their sites to all the major social
					platforms and integrate with Open ID and other external authentication providers; (b) offer their site visitors (“End Users”) on-site
					authentication, sharing and social features to enhance their connected experience; and (c) analyze a site’s social activity with helpful use
					data and metrics.
				

					OneAll’s technology also enables Developers and their End Users to easily distribute web content applications such as photos,
					videos and other widgets (“Web Applications”) to social networks and a wide variety of other web destinations, and directly
					to mobile devices.
				

					We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our privacy practices as they pertain to our website, oneall.com (the “Site”) and
					subdomains of this domain. We also intend for this policy to inform you about our privacy practices as they pertain to your use of our Web Applications and services
					(collectively, the “Service”). This Privacy Policy applies to all aspects of the Service, whether made available or accessed via our Site,
					via the websites of our partners, via other third parties, or on mobile devices.
				

					This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site.
					You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
				
