Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we treat your personal information.
(1)	What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:

information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views);
information related to any transactions carried out between you and us on this website or in relation to it, including information related to any purchases of our goods or services;
information that you provide us with when registering with us (including your full name, your email address and your climbing preferences); and
any other information that you choose to send us.

(2)	Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.

We may use third party web services to analyse the use of our website. Such services generate statistical and other
information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated
relating to our website is used for creating reports about the use of the website.1


We may display third party advertisements on our website.2
Our advertisers may also use technologies such as cookies or web beacons to track your use of this website and other websites
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.3

Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. This will, however, have a negative effect on the usability of many websites. On our website cookies are required in order to be able to log in.
(3)	Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:

administer the website;
improve your browsing experience by developing or personalising the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website;
send you goods purchased via the website, and supply you with services purchased via the website;
send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you if you have ordered goods or services that are not free;
send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested and email invitations requested by other users;
send you marketing communications related to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which may be of interest to you (eg. information about package tours to climbing destinations that you have listed as favourites or as destinations you want to visit) by email if you have specifically agreed to this (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.

When you submit content for publication on our website, we may publish the content and we may attach your full name and a link to your profile page to it.
We will not provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing without your express consent.
(4) Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:

to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);

Apart from the ways specified in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(5)	The security of your personal data
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.

We may store all the personal information you provide on servers or other technology provided by
third party vendors or trusted hosting partners.4

As data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you to provide us with your password.
(6)	International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we and our hosting partners operate.
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), information which you provide may be transferred to countries (including the United States) which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the EEA.
In addition, any content and personal information that you submit for publication on the website may be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world.
You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
(7)	Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(8)	Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Providing such information may be subject to the payment of a fee.
You may at any time instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
(9)	Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites and content integrated from other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
(10) Updating information
You can update or correct the personal information which we hold about you on your profile page.
(11) Contact

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or about the personal data we hold about you, please contact us by email at
support@27crags.com.
You can also contact us by post at Halssilanperä 2 A 4, 40400 Jyväskylä, Finland.


This privacy policy is based on a template created by
www.website-contracts.co.uk.


