3. Collection use and disclosure of personal information
General Purpose of Collection
All personal information that we or our related bodies corporate collect, is reasonably necessary for the purposes relating to providing our products and services
We will not collect personal information unless the information is reasonably necessary for or directly related to one, or more of our functions or activities. If we are unable to collect personal information we reasonably require, we may not be able to do business with you or the organisation with which you are connected.
Use and Disclosure
We may use personal information about you for the primary purpose of providing our services, and for which you would reasonably expect us to use that information, including sending you information about new developments, products, services and special offers by post, telephone or any form of electronic communication. We may use any email address or other personal information you provide to us at any time for this purpose.
We may also use or disclose information about you where we have obtained your consent, where we have obtained the information from another party (eg the valuer generals department of your state government) for a specified purpose, or as required by relevant laws, statutes, regulations, codes and external payment systems.
We will not disclose information that personally identifies you to any third party other than as set out in this Privacy Policy. In order to deliver the services that we provide, we may disclose your personal information to other organisations, only in relation to providing our services to you. We take reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
We may provide certain information about you including your personal information to our related bodies corporate.
Property Data and Analytics Services
For our Property Data and Analytics Services, we collect personal information for the purposes of:
developing our products and services
verifying your identity
providing our products and services to our customers
administering and managing products and services provided to you, including charging, billing, account management, and debt collection
performing administrative and operational tasks (including risk management, systems development and testing, credit scoring and staff training, and market or customer satisfaction research)
conducting research about our products and services
auditing and monitoring the products and services we provide
responding to any specific request you make of us
generating records and reports based on your use of our products and services
preventing or investigating any fraud or crime (or a suspected fraud or crime)
providing you with news and information, as well as promote and market products, services and special offers made available by us, our related companies and third parties (unless you ask us not to and only where we have obtained your consent directly).
In order to achieve the above purposes, we may use or disclose your personal information to:
your authorised representatives and agents
our agents, contractors and third party service providers to enable them to provide services (including administrative services) for or to us
our customers and subscribers as part of a Data, Research and Analytics Product or Service offered by us
third parties to enable them to provide you with news and information and to promote and market their products, services and special offers (unless you ask us not to)
others where the disclosure is required by law, for example, to government agencies and regulatory bodies as part of our statutory obligations, or for law enforcement purposes
an organisation that acquires all or part of our assets or businesses.
In addition to the above, when you sign up for a services (such as Property ValueMY RP), we may obtain your consent to provide you with news and information, as well as promote and market products, services and special offers made available by us, our related companies and third parties (unless you ask us not to). We will only ever direct market to you where we have collected the information directly from you or where you have consented to receiving direct marketing communications to do so. We will never use information obtained from third party government sources to direct market to you.
Where we collect information from publicly available sources, such as the valuer general office in each State and Territory, our use of this information must be in accordance with the rules set down by the relevant information provider. These rules are contained in the terms of consumer contracts (see, for example our General Terms and Conditions http://www.corelogic.com.au/about-us/terms-and-conditions.html (General Terms)). The information provider’s rules may be amended from time to time and therefore so too will the terms of General Terms.
We may also use or disclose information about you where we have obtained your consent, where we have obtained the information from another party (eg the valuer generals department of your state government) for a specified purpose, or as required by relevant laws, statutes, regulations, codes and external payment systems.
Platform and Risk Management Services
For Platform and Risk Management Services, we collect your personal information for the primary purposes of assisting mortgage originators (including their brokers) to:
source valuations and other property reports from third party services providers such as valuers, and building and pest inspection report providers;
assess risk associated with loan origination.
We may use your personal information to perform risk analytics and provide a report back to the mortgage originator.
The personal information provided to us by mortgage originators will only be disclosed to the third party service providers for the purpose of enabling them to provide the services requested. Similarly, any report provided to us by the third party service providers will only be disclosed to the mortgage originators who requested the service.
The personal information collected for the purposes of providing Platform and Risk Management Services is not used or disclosed for any other purpose.

