CoreLogic provides additional information to its EEA, Switzerland and UK based users to comply with data protection laws. 
What is personal data? 
“Personal data” is information about you (a “data subject”) the use of which is governed by applicable data protection laws. It will include any information from which you can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as your name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or other information about your identity. Most information collected about you on the Website will constitute personal data. 
Who is responsible for your personal data?
If you use our Website, the data controller is CoreLogic Solutions Limited, 1st floor, 39 Houndsditch, London EC3A 7DB. CoreLogic Solutions Limited is registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK (registration number Z6322218). 
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
On some occasions, we process your personal data with your consent, for example, when you agree to receive our newsletter or to deal with your enquiries.
On other occasions, we process your personal data when we need to do this in order to fulfil a contract with you, such as granting you access to our online services. 
We also process your personal data when it is in our legitimate interests to do this and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights. For example, we may process your personal data in our legitimate interests to ensure that our
Website and services are provided efficiently and in an user-friendly and personalised manner taking into account user feedback, data and profiles, unless consent is required for any such processing under applicable law. We will process personal data to ensure the security of our business and the information of our users, and to ensure the proper and efficient administration of our business. You may contact us for further information.
Finally, we will process your personal data where we are required to do this by law. For example, where we have to fulfil anti-money laundering requirements or disclose information under a court order.  
Data transfers
Personal data that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Personal data which you provide may be transferred to our group companies, commercial partners, suppliers or agents located outside your country as set out above. We will ensure adequate protection of personal data transferred outside of your country as required under applicable laws. For example, if you are located in the EEA, Swiss or in the UK, we may enter into model clauses with the recipient. You may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your personal data in these circumstances.
In addition, personal data that you submit for publication on the Website will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
How long does CoreLogic keep personal data?
CoreLogic keeps your personal data for only as long as required to provide you with the necessary Website content and services and to carry out the processing set out in this Privacy Notice, and in line with its obligation under applicable law. This means that we will generally not keep your personal data for longer than six years following your last interaction with us, and the actual retention period will often be shorter. You may contact us for further information.
Your rights
Data subjects may ask us for a copy of their personal data, to correct it, erase it or to transfer it to other organisations at their request. Data subjects also have rights to object to some processing including profiling and, where we have asked for their consent to process the data subject’s personal data, to withdraw this consent. In particular, data subjects have the right to object to direct marketing at any time. Where a data subject withdraws their consent, this will not affect the legitimacy of the processing conducted prior to your request.  Where we process personal data because we have a legitimate interest in doing so (as explained above), the data subject has a right to object to this. Where we make a decision based solely on automated processing which significantly affects the data subject, he or she may have the right to contest the decision, express his or her point of view and obtain human intervention. 
These rights may be limited in some situations – for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your personal data. 
Please use the contact information set out in our Contacting Us section above. We will aim to acknowledge your enquiries within 72 hours and respond within one month, unless otherwise required by law. 
We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal data. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority.  

