

Privacy Policy
CAMPBELL COMPANY OF CANADAPRIVACY POLICYMarch 23, 2012

Campbell Company of Canada is committed to protecting consumer privacy. We comply with applicable privacy and anti-spam legislation and otherwise deal with personal information in a manner consistent with the principles that are reflected in such legislation.
This document explains the nature of our commitment to protecting consumer privacy and identifies how consumers can learn more about how we mange personal information.
Policy Statement
Our commitment to protecting consumer privacy includes the following: 

Protecting privacy by designating a responsible individual and by assigning internal responsibility to promote privacy protection
Developing, maintaining and enforcing practices that are necessary to protect privacy and by providing information about such practices on request 
Collecting, using and disclosing personal information only as necessary for purposes reasonably required
Making a reasonable effort to ensure that personal information collected by or on our behalf is accurate and complete
Making reasonable security arrangements to prevent unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal or similar risks to personal information under our control
Providing access to personal information and a right of correction to personal information as required by law 
Retaining personal information as required by law and as otherwise in accordance with designated retention periods
Maintaining a process for receiving and responding to complaints and other feedback on privacy issues

Why we collect use and disclose personal information
In general, we collect the following kinds of personal information about consumers: contact information, demographic information and information about consumer preferences.
We collect consumer personal information for the following primary purposes:

to provide products and services
to communicate information about our products and services
to enhance our products and services and our marketing efforts
to administer contests and other promotions


We ordinarily bring these and any other applicable purposes to individuals’ attention at or before the time we collect personal information. At the same time, we ordinarily direct individuals to our Privacy Officer and this policy for further information.
Commercial communications
We often communicate directly with consumers about our products, services and promotions, but only do so based on consent. We also provide consumers with a means of telling us if they do not wish to be contacted. When we send commercial electronic messages, we do so in compliance with the specific requirements set out in Canadian “anti-spam” legislation.
We do not sell or trade personal information with other companies. From time-to-time we engage in joint-marketing with other reputable companies, but do not give our such companies access to personal information for their own purposes.
Website privacy
We maintain websites that may require individuals to register by providing us with personal information. Our use and disclosure of personal information collected through the registration process is governed by this policy and our privacy practices.
Our websites may also rely on “cookie” technology. 
Like most companies, we use “cookie” technology on our sites to collect aggregate information. When you log into one of our sites, the cookie tells us whether you’ve visited us before or are a new visitor. This allows us to measure the appeal of our sites to new and return visitors. The cookie doesn’t track any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn’t extract any information from your computer. Cookies are simply the best way for us to be able to offer you the most enjoyable and hassle-free online environment.
Some of our websites may be directed in whole or in part to children under the age of 13. We do not invite children under the age of 13 to provide us with their personal information and, where appropriate, warn registrants to our websites that parental consent is required for registration. 
Our commitment to securing your personal information
We make reasonable security arrangements to protect personal information against such risks as unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification disposal or destruction. Our commitment to securing personal information extends to information that we have transferred to service providers who help us communicate, who help us manage personal information and help us undertake similar activities. We select, retain and manage our service providers with a view to maintaining reasonable protection of personal information.
We process and store most personal information by ourselves or by service providers that reside in Canada. When we process or store personal information by using service providers who do not reside in Canada (including by using our affiliates) we select, retain and manage such service providers with a view to maintaining reasonable protection of personal information and with a view to managing any security risks posed by unique social or political factors.
For further information
Individuals may contact our Privacy Officer:

to ask about this policy or Campbell’s consumer privacy practices
to ask questions about the processing or storage of personal information outside of Canada
to request access to personal information in accordance with applicable privacy legislation
to lodge a privacy complaint.

Our Privacy Officer can be reached at the following address:
Campbell Company of CanadaAttention: Privacy Officer – Sumit Luthra60 Birmingham StreetToronto, Ontario M8V 2B81-800-410-7687


