

Privacy Policy

Tauck, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to our visitors' and customers' privacy. The following discloses the type of personally-identifying data collected, as well as the general purpose and/or use of the information gathered, via  www.tauck.com (the “Tauck Web Site”). We continually look to improve our features and services. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at Tauck, Inc. This privacy policy was updated January 1, 2011. 
At Tauck, your privacy is important to us and we want to make sure you like hearing from us. We, or an agent partner, may contact you to follow-up on requests for information we receive through the Tauck Web Site but we do not release personally-identifying guest information to other companies for their own marketing purposes. 
During the course of your use of the Tauck Web Site, we may collect some or all of the following information from you: 

Name 
Address 
Email Address 
Passport Number 
Telephone Number 
Emergency Contact Information 


Tauck will never collect this information from you without your knowledge and consent. You always have the right to decline to disclose any or all of the requested information. However, if you decline to disclose certain pieces of information to Tauck, you may be unable to fully access all of the features of the Tauck Web Site. 
Children Under Age 13
Tauck does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register on the Tauck Web Site. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Tauck Web Site or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Tauck Web Site or the Tauck message board. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe that we have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the contact information listed herein. 
Sharing of Personal Information
Personal information will never be shared with any third party by Tauck World Discovery other than for the purposes described in this document. We may disclose your information if:  

we believe we are required to do so by law; 
we need to do so to protect someone's safety or our rights and property; or 
in order to comply with this policy or other policies that may be applicable. 


In addition, Tauck occasionally shares personal information, such as name and address, with sub-contracted third parties with whom we have partnered to provide specific services to our company or our customers, or with travel companies with whom our customers have contracted for the purpose of facilitating travel reservations.  
If you create an account on the Tauck Web Site, you will be given the opportunity to share certain information about you and/or your trip, including your travel destinations, photographs, video, date of departure, your email or web site address, and the guest list from your trips (collectively referred to as the “Shared Information”) on the Tauck Web Site or Tauck Guest Departure Portal. Such Shared Information will be accessible to either all individuals who view the Web Site or to individuals within your particular departure, or both. Even if you do not create an account on the Tauck Web Site, but you are included by another person as a trip participant, your name, photograph and/or other information may be shared on the Tauck Web Site by such person or by another individual with whom you traveled.  
In addition, your name, travel itinerary and reservation details (such information referred to as “Group Travel Information”) may be shared among the other individuals with whom you are traveling if any one of Your traveling companions chooses to share Your group’s travel reservation amongst You and Your travel companions. If your Group Travel Information is shared, it will only be accessible to the members of Your travel group and will not be accessible by members of the public, absent the actions of You or one of Your travel companions. 
In the event your information has been shared without your permission, please contact Tauck to have your information removed from the Tauck Web Site.  
On occasion, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of business assets occur in the travel industry. In the event that Tauck is ever involved in such a transaction, then personal information may be disclosed to the entity that acquires, is acquired by, or merges with Tauck or purchases any of its assets. 
You may update or remove any or all of your personal information, contact options and preferences on the Tauck Web Site by updating your Tauck Profile and any information by postal mail, email or telephone. 
These updates may include but are not limited to: 

Update name and address information 
Eliminate duplicate addresses 
Remove your name from our   • Postal mailing list   • Email list 



To contact us by postal mail: Tauck, Inc.10 Norden PlaceNorwalk, CT 06855By email: info@tauck.comBy phone: 1-800-468-2825You acknowledge and agree that this policy does not apply to non-personally-identifying information collected through the Tauck Web Site or for any information collected other than through the Tauck Web Site. 
Acceptance of this Policy
By using the Tauck Web Site, you agree to this policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. Your continued use of the Tauck Web Site following the posting of changes to these terms on this site means you accept these changes. 
Tauck's Community Message Board
Please be aware that any messages, information or materials posted on our message board are not subject to the terms of this policy. Please do not submit any information to our message boards that you would like to be kept private or secure. Tauck does not control or regularly review the messages, information or materials posted in the message boards. It is a condition of your use of the message boards and the Tauck Web Site that you do not upload to, post, distribute or transmit to or through the Tauck Web Site any messages, information or materials which violate or infringe in any way the rights of others, or which are libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, abusive, unlawful or would otherwise violate any law, or encourage such conduct, or which, without Tauck's express written consent, contains advertising or any commercial solicitation; post or transmit any material that contains a virus or other harmful component; restrict or inhibit anyone from using and enjoying the message boards. 
Tauck's Guest Portal
Upon registering to take a Tauck tour, you will be permitted to establish a profile on the Tauck Guest Portal (the "Guest Portal"). Your profile on the Guest Portal will be populated with information you provide to Tauck in connection with registering for your tour. You will have the opportunity to update or supplement this information at any time. If you are traveling with a group, the other members of your travel party may have access to some of the information in your profile, but will not have the ability to change such information.
In addition, through your profile on the Guest Portal, you will have the ability to post photos and provide reviews of tours that you have taken with Tauck. Tauck does not monitor or regularly review the messages, information or materials posted in to the Guest Portal or in individual users' profiles. It is a condition of your use of the Guest Portal that you do not upload to, post, distribute or transmit to or through the Guest Portal any messages, information or materials which violate or infringe in any way the rights of others, or which are libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, abusive, unlawful or would otherwise violate any law, or encourage such conduct, or which, without Tauck's express written consent, contains advertising or any commercial solicitation; post or transmit any material that contains a virus or other harmful component.
Other Sites
The Tauck Web Site may contain links to other sites. Other sites may also reference or link to the Tauck Web Site. Tauck, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. Any information you may disclose at these other sites is not governed by this privacy policy. We encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit. 
Assurances
If you feel you have a dispute with Tauck, Inc. regarding our privacy policy procedures and practices, or you feel your privacy has been violated, please contact Tauck, Inc. by email or by phone.

To contact us by postal mail:Tauck, Inc. 10 Norden PlaceNorwalk, CT 06855

By email:
info@tauck.com 

By phone:(203) 899-6500 
Security
It is our intent to protect against the unauthorized use of personally-identifying information that we have collected from you. We use a variety of technologies and processes for protection of our customer data. We work to limit the personally-identifying information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities. 
When you request a brochure or create an account on our web site, your personal information is transmitted in an encrypted format. 
We always want to provide you with the best possible service. To do this, we collect information that allows us to, among other things: enhance your experience on the Tauck Web Site, send you brochures or offers we believe may be of interest to you, identify your product and service preferences, customize our communications to you, process your travel reservation, contact you about the status of your reservation or, if requested, send you the Tauck email Newsletter. 
Cookies
"Cookies" are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a Web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that Web site. Almost all Web sites use cookies for these purposes.  
We may use cookies (a) to customize your visit to the Tauck Web Site, (b) to deliver content consistent with your stated interests and the manner in which you browse and/or buy on our site, (c) to save your password (if you have registered with us) so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Tauck Web Site. 
Click-stream
As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as "click-stream data," can be collected and stored by a Web site's server. Click-stream data can tell us, among other things, the type of computer and browsing software you use, the address of the Web site from which you linked to the Tauck Website, and, in some instances, your email address. We may use click-stream data for various purposes including to determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our site, how visitors navigate throughout the site and how we may tailor our Web pages to better meet the needs of visitors.  
When you email content from the Tauck, Inc. website to another party, the information captured is used solely to fulfill the request. When you refer another party to Tauck, Inc. using our online “Refer a Friend,” service, the information is used to contact the individual on your behalf. The referral information is not used for any other purpose unless the referral contacts Tauck, Inc. 
Business Information
Information collected from our agent partners specific to the agent and other information used to identify the agency will be used solely for account creation and verification. Other sales information regarding activities that support doing business with Tauck may be voluntarily provided. Contact information given for the purpose of ordering supplies will not be used for any other purpose than fulfilling those orders. 

