
Privacy Collection Statement 
Privacy Policy 
Ethical Conduct Policy 
Blackwoods Quailty Policy 
Injury & Illness Management Policy 
WHS Policy 
Environment Policy 
We (J. Blackwood & Son Pty Ltd ABN 43 000 010 300, trading as “Blackwoods”, of Level 4, 26 Talavera Road, Macquarie Park, NSW, 2113) collect your personal information so we can perform our business functions and activities, including:

providing you with products and services and communicating with you;
answering your enquiries, providing information or advice about our products or services, and entering you into our competitions and promotions;
updating our records and the content of our websites; and
for our business processing, administrative, marketing and planning requirements.

If you do not disclose the personal information that we are seeking to collect then we may be unable to respond to you, or provide you with our products or services, or send you information about them.
We may disclose your personal information to our employees, related bodies corporate, contractors or service providers for the purposes of operating of our business or website, responding to your requests, or providing our products and services or information about them to you; or to suppliers and third parties with whom we have commercial relationships, for business, marketing and related purposes.
Occasionally, we may disclose your personal information to organisations located overseas. This might occur, for example, where:

we use service providers based overseas;
we or our related companies have offices overseas; 
you have requested a product or service that involves an international element; 
we must do so to comply with foreign legal or regulatory requirements; or 
an international payment has been made. 

We require overseas recipients to use personal information only for the purpose provided and to implement reasonable data protection. Generally, such recipients are likely to be located in the United States of America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region (including but not limited to China, Indonesia and New Zealand).
Our Privacy Policy (available at http://www.blackwoods.com.au/privacy-policy) contains information about how you may:

access personal information we hold about you and seek the correction of such information;
complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles, and how we will deal with such a complaint.

Unless you tell us not to, we may use your personal information to contact you directly about our products or services that we think may be of interest to you by telephone, email or correspondence using the contact details you have provided. You can ask us not to send you marketing information by contacting our Privacy Officer at:
Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety
		Level 4, 26 Talavera Road
		Macquarie Park  NSW  2113
		Email: privacy@wisau.com.au
		Phone: (+61) 2 8873 4800.


Privacy Policy
Your Privacy is important
This Privacy Policy is the official privacy policy of all members of the Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety Division, including J. Blackwood & Son Pty Ltd ABN 43 000 010 300 trading as “Blackwoods” (“Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety”) and it applies to all personal information collected by Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety. 
Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information.  This policy explains:


how we collect, use and disclose information about our customers, suppliers (and their employees) and people who apply for employment with us;
how we comply with our obligations under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles set out in that Act; and
how to contact us if you have any questions about the management of your personal information or would like to access the personal information we hold about you. 

We may amend this policy at any time by posting the updated version on our website.
Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety is not responsible for the privacy practices of sites that are linked to this website via hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise. 
What information do we collect?
Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety only collects information that is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions or activities.  Generally, the information we collect about customers includes your name, mailing and/or physical address, delivery address, phone number, payment, credit and billing information, and e-mail addresses.  We also collect demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your postcode, age, gender and purchasing preferences, interests and favourites.  When you visit our websites, we may also collect information about your computer, including your IP address. 
We also collect information about your use of our website using cookies. You can choose to decline cookies, but if you do so, you may not be able to fully experience our online interactive features. 
We may also collect additional information about customers, including purchase history, location and preferences, either directly, or through third party analytics tools, or our business partners (including other companies in the Wesfarmers Group). 
We also collect information about: 

suppliers and their employees (including business name and address and contact details); and
potential employees (including names, addresses, contact details, employment and academic histories and the names of their referees).

Without the above details, Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety would not be able to carry on its business and provide products and services to its customers. 
Wherever possible, we give you the option of interacting anonymously with us, if practicable and lawful to do so, but in this situation we may not be able to provide you with the full range of products and services available. 
How we collect and hold information
Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety collects personal information only by lawful and fair means.  Where it is reasonable and practicable to do so, we collect your personal information from you directly when you purchase products or services from us, provide your details to us at an industry or student event, or enter into competitions or other arrangements with us, provide feedback/complaints to us or register your details with us or one of our business partners (including other companies in the Wesfarmers Group).  Depending on the product or service we provide to you, we may collect your personal information from third parties.  Information about suppliers’ employees is usually collected from the supplier. Information about potential employees is usually collected during the recruitment process. 
If you have applied for credit with us, we may also collect your personal information from credit reporting agencies.  By providing your personal information to us, you confirm that you have reviewed this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of your personal information as specified. 
We take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.  Your personal information is stored on password protected servers located in access controlled secure locations. 
Personal information is de-identified or destroyed securely when no longer required by us. 
Why we collect and hold and how we use information
We collect, hold and use your information to: 


sell, lease, deliver, administer, improve and personalise our products and services; 
source products for sale, transport products and ensure our suppliers are compliant with our ethical sourcing policy; 
open trading accounts, and process payments and credit checks; 
better understand our customers’ requirements and preferences, conduct product and market research, personalise and improve our product and service offering and to provide offers that are of greater interest or benefit to you; 
to communicate with you, including providing you with safety data sheets where relevant; responding to your feedback, queries and complaints; and notifying you of safety alerts and product recalls; 
enable our third party service providers to provide us with IT products and services, carry out product investigations, data processing, data analysis, business consulting, auditing, archiving, printing, delivery and mailing services; 
undertake and administer trade shows, surveys, promotions, competitions, events, marketing activities, direct marketing, database compilation, analysis of trends and demographics and other marketing or promotional activities; 
manage our branches, supply arrangements and inventory and administer our websites; 
protect against fraud and theft; 
complete other transactions with you; 
recruit and assess future employees; and
maintain and update our records.

From time to time, we may also use your personal information to send you targeted news, offers and promotions of our products and services.  If you do not wish to receive these communications you can opt-out by contacting us at the address listed below.
How we disclose your information
We do not disclose personal information to third parties unless we are permitted to do so by law or you have given us your consent to do so.  Third parties we may disclose personal information to include: 


other companies in the Wesfarmers Group;
our advisers (including our accountants, auditors and lawyers); 
our service providers, including IT service providers, web-hosting organisations, delivery companies, external call centres and e-marketing providers, mail houses, recruitment firms, third party fulfilment centres, market researchers, billing and debt recovery providers and other companies who are responsible for parts of our product or service delivery; 
suppliers and manufacturers; 
payment system operators and financial institutions; 
government agencies; and
third parties if required by law or legal process.

We may occasionally disclose your personal information to organisations located overseas, for example where: 

we use service providers, cloud computing solutions or data storage based overseas; 
we, or our related companies, have offices overseas; 
you have requested a product or service that involves an international element; 
we need to comply with foreign legal or regulatory requirements; or 
an international payment has been made. 

We require overseas recipients of your information to use personal information only for the purpose provided and to implement strict confidentiality and data protection arrangements.   Any offshore disclosures will be predominantly to entities located in the United States of America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region (including but not limited to China, Indonesia and New Zealand). 
In special circumstances – for example, if we were to sell our business or part of our business – your information may be transferred to potential purchasers and their advisers as part of that sale.  From time to time, we may provide aggregated and de-identified information to other business partners for various purposes. 
Accessing and correcting your information and questions
You can request access to your information or that your information be corrected by contacting us at the address below. 
If you have a question about our Privacy Policy or wish to make a complaint about the way we have collected, used, held or disclosed your personal information, please contact us at the address below.   We may need to contact you for further details. 
If you wish to make a formal complaint, please make your complaint in writing to our Privacy Officer.  We will consider your complaint promptly and contact you to seek to resolve the matter.  If we have not responded to you within a reasonable time, you are entitled under the Privacy Act to make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. 
Contact
Privacy Officer
	Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety
	Level 4, 26 Talavera Road
	Macquarie Park  NSW  2113
	Email (to complain or access or correct information, or to unsubscribe or opt-out): privacy@wisau.com.au
	Phone: (+61) 2 8873 4800. 

	Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
	Website: www.oaic.gov.au
	Phone: 1300 363 992. 


Ethical Conduct Policy
Wesfarmers Industrial & Safety ("WIS") and its business units are committed to the highest standards
    of conduct and ethical behaviour in all of their business activities, and to promoting and supporting a
    culture of honest and ethical behaviour, corporate compliance and good corporate governance.
The Ethical Conduct Policy is to encourage suppliers, contractors, customers or any other party to raise
    any concerns and report instances of unethical, illegal, fraudulent or undesirable conduct, where
    there are reasonable grounds to suspect such conduct, without fear of intimidation, disadvantage or
    reprisal.
WIS relies on the parties that it does business with to help the company achieve its commitment to a
    culture of honest and ethical behaviour, corporate compliance and good corporate governance. For
    WIS, the failure to report actual or suspected incidents of Unethical Conduct will be treated seriously
    and may adversely affect the ongoing business relationship.
Unethical Conduct covered by this Policy includes any conduct of a director, officer, employee, contractor or third party, whether actual or suspected, including:

dishonest, fraudulent, corrupt or illegal conducts;
unethical actions or behaviours (including bribe, facilitation payment or other kick-backs, inappropriate gifts; falsifying documents or other unacceptable or unethical behaviour);
actions that have the potential to damage WIS' property, people or reputation or that of another party (such as unsafe work practices, environmental damage, health risks or substantial wasting of company resources); or
 abuse of authority, threats, intimidation or harassment.

Unethical Conduct can be reported to:

 the employee's immediate supervisor or manager or another senior person; or
 the Ethical Conduct email hotline on ethical.conduct@wisau.com.au and these matters will be confidentially referred to the WIS Managing Director or Chief Financial Officer.

While the person reporting the issues may wish to remain anonymous, if contact details are not provided, sufficient details will need to be included in the report to allow the matter to be investigated. WIS will investigate all reports of Unethical Conduct on a timely, thorough, confidential, objective and fair manner (subject to considerations of the privacy of those against whom allegations are made).

Blackwoods Quality Policy

Click here to view PDF.


Injury & Illness Management Policy

Click here to view PDF.


WHS Policy

Click here to view PDF.


Environment Policy

Click here to view PDF.

