
The Mauritius Institute of Training and Development (MITD) is committed 
to protecting your privacy. We do not sell or rent to third parties any personal data you may choose to 
provide to us, and we take reasonable precautions to protect and secure your information.

IP Address 

We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our 
server and to administer our websites. Your IP address is also used to help identify you in order to 
improve your experience when you visit our website. We occasionally gather broad demographic data 
regarding visitors to our site, but we do not share your IP address with any third party.
Cookies 

Cookies are small strings of text that are sent by our website 
to your browser and then stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to keep track 
of where our visitors are coming from and to keep track of returning visits. This information is not used 
to collect any personal or contact information and is not shared with any third party.
Personally Identifiable Information
We collect personally identifiable information (e.g, name, 
mailing address, telephone number, and email address) from you via our website only if you voluntarily 
provide it to us by completing our Contact Information forms, registering for one of our programmes, or by 
emailing us directly. We use this information to contact you about our programmes.

In order to help protect the personally identifiable information you have provided us, we do not sell or 
rent any such information. We share your information only within our system or to obtain information on 
your behalf, such as for any missing information.
Security 

The MITD website have security measures in place to protect 
against the loss, misuse and alteration of information within our immediate control. The MITD cannot, 
however, guarantee the performance or adequacy of such security measures.  
Links to other Sites

The MITD website may contain links to websites that are not 
owned or operated by the MITD, and which may be governed by information policies and practices that differ 
from ours. The MITD does not control and is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of these 
third parties or the content or security of these websites. (See the Disclaimers section in our Terms of 
Use.)
Children's Protection 

The MITD website is general audience site, and we do not 
knowingly collect any information from children. By using our site, you represent that you are not less 
than 12 years of age.
Contact Us

To remove or change your contact information in our database, 
to ask us any questions you may have about our Privacy Policy, or to make other inquiries, please contact 
us at privacy@mitd.mu 

Privacy Support

Information Technology Division
Mauritius Institute of Training and Development
MITD House
Pont Fer
Phoenix

