Information You Provide
 
Whether accessing the DD/BR Online Services from your home computer,mobile phone, or other device, Dunkin’ Brands and its agents may collect information you directly provide. For example, we collect information when you register an account, join the DDPerks Program, enroll in our mailing lists or text message campaigns, locate a restaurant, apply for a job, interact with Customer Care, or otherwise communicate or transact with us through the DD/BR Online Services.We also collect information when you access the DD/BR Online Servicesusing voice functionality services available through the microphone on a third party device.
 
The information we collect may include Personal Information.  “Personal Information” is information that identifies you personally (whether alone or in combination). Some examples of data we collect include the following:
 

Name and Contact Data:  We collect your first and last name;mailing address;telephone number;e-mail address, and other similar contact data.  If you are a franchisee, we collect your contact information and that of your employees;
Credentials:  We collect username and password , and similar security information(for account authentication and administration);
Demographic Data:  We collect information about your interests and activities, your gender, month and day of birth, and other demographic information;
Payment Data:  We collect data necessary to process your payments if you make purchases through the DD/BR Online Services, such as your financial account information and other payment information, or other forms of payment including Stored Value Cards (which may include Personal Information);
Contacts:  In some cases, we may collect information that you provide about others, including Personal Information, such as when you send your contacts benefits, coupons, or gifts. We will use the information you provide to fulfill your requests, including (if applicable) sending them a text message, and we will not send marketing communications to your contacts unless they have a separate relationship with us. Such functionality is intended only for United States residents.  By using this functionality, you acknowledge and agree that both you and your contacts are based in the U.S. and that you have your contacts’ consent for us to use their contact information to fulfill your request;
Content:  We collect the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback and information you provide to customer service.  We also collect the content of your communications as necessary to provide you with the DD/BR Online Services you use;
Contests/Promotions:  We may collect additional Personal Information necessary for the administration of certain promotional events or features of our Loyalty Program; and
Resume Data. We collect data as necessary to consider you for a job opening if you submit an application to us, such as your employment history, transcript, writing samples, and references.

 
If you are accessing the DD/BR Online Services as a current or potential franchisee, we may ask you to provide additional Personal Information, including yourfull date of birth, contact information, financial information,and employment history.
 
You may choose to voluntarily submit other information to us through the DD/BR Online Services that we do not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information. Please note that if you access the DD/BR Online Services using voice functionality services available through the microphone on a third party device, it may collectbackground noise or communications that you do not voluntarily provide.Therefore, you should take steps to prevent the communication of unnecessary information when accessing the DD/BR Online Services using voice functionality services.
 
Personal Information once “de-identified” is not subject to this Privacy Policy and we may treat it as non-Personal Information and use it without obligation to you except as prohibited by applicable law.
 
Information Collected Automatically
 
In addition, we automatically collect information about your device and how your device interacts with the DD/BR Online Services.  We may use Service Providers to collect this information.  Some examples of information we collect include the following:
 

Service Use Data: We collect data about the features you use, the pages you visit, the e-mails and advertisements you view, the products you purchase, the time of day you browse, your referring and exiting pages, and other similar information.

 

Device Connectivity and Configuring Data.  We collect data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating software, your internet service provider, your device’s regional and language settings, and other similar information. This data also includes IP address, MAC address, device advertising ID (e.g., IDFA or AAID), and other device identifiers.

 

Location Data. We collect data about your device’s location, which can be precise (e.g., latitude/longitude data) or imprecise (e.g., location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal code level).

 
 
We use various current – and later – developed technologies to collect this information (“Tracking Technologies”), to collect information about your interactions with the DD/BR Online Services, including information about your browsing and activity behavior:
 

Log Files.

 
A log file is a file that records events that occur in connection with your use of the DD/BR Online Services, such as your service use data. 
 

Cookies

 
Cookies are small text files placed in your devicebrowser directories to store your information about your use of the DD/BR Online Services and your activities online (collectively, “Cookies”).  A Cookie will typically contain the name of the domain (internet location) from which the Cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the Cookie (i.e. when does it expire), and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.  We use Cookies so that we can improve your online experience – for example, by remembering you when you come back to visit us, and making the content you see more relevant to you. Cookies also enable us to track online purchases made through the DD/BR Online Services.
 

Pixel Tags (“Web Beacons” or “clear gifs”)

 
Pixel Tags are small graphic images, also known as “web beacons” or “clear gifs,” embedded in web pages and e-mail messages. Pixel Tags may be used to count the number of visitors to the DD/BR Online Services, to monitor how users navigate the DD/BR Online Services, and to count content views.
 

Embedded Scripts

 
An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the DD/BR Online Services. It is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party with whom we work, is active only while you are connected to the DD/BR Online Services, and deleted or deactivated thereafter.
 

Location-identifying Technologies

 
GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering, Bluetooth, and other location-aware technologies locate (sometimes precisely) you for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting relevant content based on your location. For example, if you have Bluetooth enabled on your device, we may use beacons to determine if you are near a Dunkin Brands physical location (or another retailer), and to send you advertising or promotions via push notifications. We may also associate your location captured via Bluetooth with your device identifier, and combine that data with transactional information to improve the services offered to you.
 

Voice Processing Technologies

 
Voice processing technologies collect audio through the microphone on your device, for purposes such as responding to your instructions or requests, and providing you with relevant content based on your requests. We only maintain the audio long enough to complete your instruction or request and then immediately delete it. We may use non-audio data associated with the collection for additional purposes such as data analytics and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
 

Device Fingerprinting.

 
Device fingerprinting is the process of analyzing and combining sets of information elements from your device’s browser, such as JavaScript objects and installed fonts, in order to create a “fingerprint” of your device and uniquely identify your device and applications.
 

In-App Tracking Methods

 
There are a variety of tracking technologies that may be included in mobile apps, and these are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. Some use device identifier, or other identifiers such as mobile Ad IDs to associate app user activity to a particular app and to track user activity across apps.
 

Connected Devices

 
We may use technology in connected devices, including your vehicle, home assistant, or smartwatch, to determine your location, serve advertising,or provide promotional offers. Information we collect through your connected devices will depend on the device and your settings, but may include voice, location, payment information, or biometric data. We may also associate the information from connected devices to your device identifier and combine that with transactional information to improve the services offered to you. For more information please refer to the sections on “Location-identifying Technologies” and “Voice Processing Technologies” above.
 
Some information about your use of the DD/BR Online Services and certain Third Party Services (defined below) may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services and used by us and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant ads and/or other content to you on the DD/BR Online Services and certain Third Party Services.
 
For further information on Tracking Technologies and your rights and choices regarding them, please see “Third Party Services” and “Your Rights and Choices” below.
 
Information fromFranchisees and Other Third Party Sources
 
We may also receive information about you from third parties. For instance, we may receive information about your purchases and inquiries from our third party payment processors. Likewise, we may receive information about you from our franchisees.To the extent we combine such third party sourced information with information we have collected about you throughthe DD/BR Online Services, we will treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third party sources vary over time, but may include:
 

Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.

 

Social networks when you reference our Service or grant permission to Company to access your data on one or more of these services.

 

Partners with which we offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities.

 

Publicly-available sources such as open government databases or other data in the public domain.

 
For further information on Third Party Services, see the “Third Parties” section below.
