
Privacy Policies
Commitment to Privacy Because Royal Botanical Gardens gathers information about our users, we ask that you take some time to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the use of that information. The following policy is intended to explain how your personal information will be treated. Personal information includes your name, street and e-mail addresses, billing information, click-through activity, and any other personal information you may provide voluntarily.
eRBG Royal Botanical Gardens offers a free, monthly electronic newsletter. E-mail addresses of subscribers are contained in a database for use by Royal Botanical Gardens for periodic correspondence to subscribers and to distribute the newsletter. Anyone can subscribe to eRBG by e-mailing to eRBG@rbg.ca and writing SUBSCRIBE in the Subject line. Conversely, subscribers may be removed from this mailing list by e-mailing to eRBG@rbg.ca and writing UNSUBSCRIBE in the Subject line. Royal Botanical Gardens does not sell, rent, or lend the e-mail addresses of subscribers.
Membership E-mails Royal Botanical Gardens collects e-mail addresses through forms that are filled out voluntarily by members or prospective members. From time to time, the Gardens may send e-mail information regarding membership matters, special events, and Gardens news considered important to our members. Royal Botanical Gardens does not sell, rent, or lend the e-mail addresses of subscribers.
E-COnnections RBG Royal Botanical Gardens offers E-COnnections as a free quarterly electronic newsletter. The mailing database consists of subscribers who have indicated interest in receiving education or children’s program information from Royal Botanical Gardens. Subscribers are provided with access to update their personal information or unsubscribe by following the link to ‘modify user information and subscription’ or clicking on the link to ‘unsubscribe’. Royal Botanical Gardens does not sell, rent or share the email addresses of our subscribers.
Traffic Logs User traffic may be examined by Royal Botanical Gardens through logs provided by our host server. Royal Botanical Gardens does not use cookies as a tracking mechanism.
Feedback Users of Royal Botanical Gardensâ Web site are encouraged to send questions or comments to the webmaster. Information provided by the user is solely for the purpose of the inquiry.
Children In order to help ensure the safety of children:

Royal Botanical Gardens does collect online information without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Online information will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent.
Royal Botanical Gardens does not collect personally identifiable offline contact information without prior parental consent.
Royal Botanical Gardens does not distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information with out prior parental consent.
Royal Botanical Gardens does not give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent.
Royal Botanical Gardens does not entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity.

Revisions to our Privacy Policy Royal Botanical Gardens may revise its privacy policy at any time. Such revisions may arise in response to changes in law, policy, design and/or technology, or other factors. You are encouraged to review our most current policy.
Contact Royal Botanical Gardens If you have any further questions or concerns about the policies and use of personal information, please send them to the Web Master.

