
Terms of Use and Privacy Policym
«
Brazil
Terms of Use

www.v-brazil.com is produced and maintained by private parties, with no connection to any official body. All efforts are made to provide accurate and current information, but no guarantee, express or implicit, is made about the accuracy of the information presented.

Content of this site is protected by copyright laws.
 No portion of this site may be reproduced, by any means, without prior authorization of v-brazil.com.
Visitors are allowed to print hard copies and store digital copies of text and images from site for personal use only.
Privacy Policy

v-brazil.com respects Privacy of visitors. The information below explains our practices.

Information Automatically Logged.
Our servers automatically logs generic technical information, which may be used to diagnose problems with the servers and administer the site, but do not allow personal identification of users.
Examples of information logged: country of origin; duration of visits; number of returning visits; IP (internet address) of hostings;  browser characteristics (resolution, number of colors, etc).
Usage of cookies.
This site may make use of cookies and/or web beacons; such cookies are associated with the browser used by the computer, and are meant to provide a better navigation experience to the visitors.
Cookies may be installed by the computer server which hosts this site or by servers of third parties, such as the servers which provide advertising services.
Users can search their own computers to check out the cookies which have been installed. Users can configure their browsers to be warned when a cookie is about to be installed. Users can delete cookies already installed and prevent new cookies to be installed. Please, read the browser manual to learn more about these configurations.

Cookies and advertisers.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

Most advertisements are presented through a partnership with Google.
    * Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
    * Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
    * Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Non-personal Information about visitors.
Our statistics system records non personal information about visitors, such as: which site sent us a visitor; keyword used in search engines to find the site; time spent on site; number of pages visited. To keep track of some data, our statistics system places a cookie on the visitor's computers.
None of the above mentioned data permits a personal identification of any visitor.
The above data may be aggregated and used to administer the site (including advertising).
Personal Information about visitors.
At the moment, v-brazil.com DOES NOT collect any personal information about visitors, such as name, address or email. 
Every message sent to v-brazil.com is kept strictly confidential.

