9. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We will not share your Personal Information with third parties unless we have your explicit consent, need to share this information to enable us  to fulfil our contract with you, are required by law or where otherwise necessary for our internal business processes.
For example, where you purchase products from us, if you pay by card, your card details will be shared with third parties as necessary to process your transaction. We need to contact card issuers for validation checks and authorisation on all card payments. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery. OFFICE will validate the names, addresses and other information supplied during the order process against commercially available records (e.g. Electoral Roll data, Credit Reference Services) and a third party may be instructed to complete these checks. By ordering from our Websites (or via our App) you acknowledge that such checks shall be made. We may also need to provide your Personal Information to PayPal or other payment processors. Any Personal Information you provide may also be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of the information. These measures are taken as extra protection for you, to ensure your online shopping experience with us is as safe and secure as possible. We also share your Personal Information to third parties for purposes of delivery of the products to you and for the purpose of processing your order.
Where you have explicitly opted-in to such communications, OFFICE may, from time to time, share your Personal Information with its affiliated company, Offspring. Offspring may contact you by post, by electronic mail services or mobile phone messaging about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the delivery or email address which you have provided. You may opt-out of receiving any such communications by following the instructions outlined in the communication, contacting us using the details below or contacting Offspring directly.
Where you have explicitly opted-in to such communications, OFFICE may, from time to time, share your Personal Information with its affiliated company, Offcutsshoes. Offcutsshoes may contact you by post, by electronic mail services or mobile phone messaging about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the delivery or email address which you have provided. You may opt-out of receiving any such communications by following the instructions outlined in the communication, contacting us using the details below or contacting Offcutsshoes directly.
If we are sold or merged with another company we may disclose your information to a potential buyer, including your Personal Information and other information concerning your relationship with us, so that they can continue to provide our products and services to you.
We may share your Personal Information with third parties, such as Facebook, Instgram or via other third party advertising that may appear on other websites you use, where we have a legitimate business interest for doing so. Where we are relying on legitimate business interests for the processing of data, we will first consider whether or not these interests are outweighed by your interests, rights and freedoms.

