Sydney Living Museums (SLM) is committed to protecting your privacy while interacting with our website and using our online services.
SLM is subject to the NSW Privacy and Personal Information Act 1998 (the Act). SLM’s Privacy Management Plan outlines how we comply with the Act and its Information Protection Principles. This Online Privacy Statement sets out how SLM deals with personal information related to the content and use of its websites and for services provided through its website.
1. Collection and Use of Information
1.1 Automatic logging of information
When you visit our website our server automatically makes an anonymous record of your visit. The various mechanisms used include server logs, proxy logs, and cookies.
A cookie is a small file which a website requests be stored temporarily on your computer (or in memory) to identify you as a visitor to that website. The cookies used by our website do not collect any personal information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information. You can choose to disallow cookies by changing settings on your web browser. However, if you reject all cookies some parts of our website may be inaccessible, unusable, or behave strangely.
The information collected by these mechanisms includes:
User’s server address and top level domain name
Date and time of visit to the site
Pages viewed and documents downloaded by the user
Sites previously visited
Type of browser used
Country of origin of the user.
SLM uses the data collected for statistical and business purposes such as diagnosing a fault and improving our services. The data is generally not accessible except to authorised staff from the Information Communications & Technology (ICT) or Web, Screen & Media teams for these purposes. We will not attempt to identify users or their browsing activities unless called upon to do so by a law enforcement agency with an active warrant.
1.2       Collection and use of personal information
SLM collects personal information when you provide it to receive specific services. The information will be used only for its intended purpose, or directly related purpose, as stated on the pages or forms you submit. Your personal information will not be used for any other purpose without your consent. The information collected includes:
When you subscribe to a SLM list
When you sign up to a SLM list or become a Member, SLM collects your personal information in order to send you information about SLM events, programs, exhibitions and special offers. You can only be added to SLM lists, such as E-news, at your request or if you give us permission to do so. We will never provide the list to other organisations although we may promote special offers from other organisations. In sending email newsletters Sydney Living Museums complies with the Australian Government's Spam Act 2003. By signing up for an email newsletter you are explicitly giving consent to receive that newsletter. All bulk emails have an unsubscribe feature.
When you enter a competition 
When you enter a SLM competition we collect information such as your name and contact details. Examples of competitions include an architecture design competition, Tank Stream Ballots or a Lucky Door Prize at a Sydney Living Museum event or festival. Recording your name and contact details on the form or entry is necessary so that we can contact you in relation to your entry or if you win a ballot or prize. You may also be asked to indicate if you wish to join our E-news list. You may also choose to provide information such as your age range, your interests and how you heard about or travelled to the event.
This information is used anonymously for statistical purposes. If you have indicated that you do not wish to join our E-news list, the form containing your personal information will be destroyed after the statistics have been compiled. If you have nominated that you wish to be added to our database, we will record your contact details, interests and event attendance in your database record. This helps us to tailor products and services to your preferences.
When you use e-commerce
When you book tickets for an event, make an online purchase, make a donation or become a Member through the website we will record your contact details and payment method in order to process the payment and send you your tickets, purchased item or Membership pack. SLM’s e-commerce website uses SSL encryption technology to protect your credit card details from unauthorised use. This ensures that your credit card details are seen only by yourself, eWAY payment gateway and our bank receiving the transaction. Credit card information is never recorded on the web server or elsewhere in SLM. The only information that may be recorded by us is the last 4 digits of your credit card number and a transaction confirmation number, which you see in the confirmation screen and email.
When you connect to SLM wifi
In order to connect to an SLM wifi connection at one of our properties you will be required to provide your email address. SLM will also automatically collect the MAC address which identifies your device in order to enable the connection.
SLM will send you an email requesting you to indicate whether you wish to register for future visits. In order to register, you will also be consenting to join our E-news list and we will record your contact details as set out above. If you choose not to register then the record containing your email address will be disposed of in accordance with the disposal authorities issued under the NSW State Records Act 1998.
2. Storage and security of personal information
SLM takes all reasonable steps to protect the security of your personal information. Personal information collected by SLM through our website is stored in an appropriately secure format, generally in secure SLM databases. SLM’s ICT team has in place security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information.
Personal information may also be stored securely by third party service providers such as cloud operators. Third party service providers that store SLM information may not access or use that information in any way.
When personal information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected, the information will disposed of in accordance with SLM disposal authorities.
Where you can access a SLM website or portal by using the secure login issued to you (e.g. members) the information about you which is held, or you add or amend, on that website, is protected by restricting access through that login. Accordingly, you must ensure that your password is not disclosed or made available to others. 
3. Disclosure
SLM may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties to provide the service you requested. For example, in ordering tickets for events online, we will need to disclose personal information to third parties in order to bill and deliver your tickets. This disclosure, however, will only be made to fulfil the purpose for which you disclosed your personal information. We will not disclose your personal information for any other purpose except with your consent or where required or authorised by law. Under no circumstances will SLM sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing your personal information.
4. External links
This site contains links to other sites. SLM is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
5. Access and correction
The personal information you provide is accessed only by authorised persons.
SLM will take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is accurate, complete and up to date. Should you wish to access or amend your personal information, please see SLM’s Privacy Management Plan for further information or contact our Privacy Officer.
If you wish to opt out of receiving any communications or be removed from any databases, please click the unsubscribe option at the footer of E-news emails, or contact the person listed on the relevant feature page or the Privacy Officer.
Privacy OfficerThe Mint 10 Macquarie Street, Sydney, NSW, 2000Telephone: (02) 8239 2272Email: privacy@sydneylivingmuseums.com.au
Further information on NSW privacy law can be found at Privacy NSW's website.
