
Your registration data
You may choose at any time to change the information that you provided when you registered, including your email address and Mumsnet username, and you can do this by going to My Account.
If you have signed in using Facebook or Google, you can stop access at any time via your Facebook or Google account settings. If you still wish to post on Mumsnet you would then need to register a Mumsnet username and password via our Registration page.
Your email preferences
You can change which newsletters you receive, or ensure that you do not receive any newsletters from Mumsnet, by going to My Account.
Your posts
If you’re ever worried that you’ve said too much, hit ‘report’ on one of your posts and explain the problem to our site Moderation team; they will be happy to help if they can. You can request a retrospective name change – this means that all your previous posts will appear under a different username.
Your cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. A cookie is a small, temporary file which a web server sends to your web browser to be stored. Cookies allow Mumsnet to identify your web browser and device if we see it again.
Cookies do not contain your name or other personal details and there are some benefits to you and Mumsnet:

“Necessary” cookies allow you to perform certain functions like logging into Mumsnet.
Cookies improve your experience of the site. For example, they allow you to log in and post, and allow us to show you discussions you've already read in a different colour, and to display them top-down or bottom-up according to your preference.
Cookies help us to show you more relevant content and ads. As an example: if we know you’ve read our pregnancy content, we can show you further pregnancy-related Mumsnet content and ads from brands that might be particularly relevant to pregnant women. We get paid to show ads to people who might be interested in them – which helps keep Mumsnet running – and relevant ads are more likely to be clicked on, and command a higher price. The technology companies that Mumsnet allows to place cookies (known as third-party cookies) on your device are listed in the section in this Privacy Policy called “Where your data is stored”. Some of these technology companies deliver advertising and, as well as delivering ads on Mumsnet, may use your cookies to deliver ads to you on other sites (which is called “retargeting”).
Cookies allow us to gather information about how many people visit Mumsnet, how often, and what they look at while on the site (a process called ‘analytics’). If you visit multiple pages or come back to Mumsnet after a break, cookies mean we do not count you as a new visitor. Using cookies like this allows us to compile aggregate statistics about how many users Mumsnet has and how long people use the site for, on average. We share this anonymous information with advertisers. Understanding what’s well-used on Mumsnet means we can create more of what users find useful and less of what they don’t.

If you have cookies turned on within your web browser, we do not specifically ask your permission to use them in the ways we’ve described above, but you can turn cookies off yourself if you’d like to. Here’s how:
To turn off cookies:

Analytics cookies: details of how to decline Google Analytics cookies are here.
Advertising cookies: there are three main associations that allow you to visit their websites to opt out of all cookies served by their advertising members (listed below). Typically, they will scan your device for a few seconds to see what cookies are currently set and then provide you with the facility to opt out on an individual basis or from all cookies. In opting out, a cookie will be set to let advertisers know not to use your cookies for targeted advertising purposes. You will still see adverts; they just won't be tailored to your interests or browsing habits. If you clear your cookies via your browser you will need to go through the opt-out process again.


Turning off all cookies: you can usually modify your browser settings to decline all cookies if you prefer. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Instructions for the most common browsers are provided here. If you choose to do this, please bear in mind that the Mumsnet website may not function properly or you may not be able to log in, depending on your browser. Changes that you make in your web browser may apply across all the websites you visit.

Deleting your Mumsnet Account
You can delete your account by going to My Account. Your Mumsnet posts won’t be deleted, but there will no longer be any personal information associated with them.
Data requests
If you’d like you can ask us to provide details of the personal information we hold about you, under the 2018 EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). To request this information, please email us at dataenquiry@mumsnet.com or write to Mumsnet Limited, Studios 13-16, Deane House Studios, 27 Greenwood Place, London NW5 1LB.

