
Information Collection
When you visit/surf our website, certain personal information about you such as your IP Address, etc. may be automatically stored with us. However, if you choose to avail of certain services on our website, you shall be required to provide certain personal information for the registration and/or access to such services/web pages. Such information may include, without limitation, your name, email address, contact address, mobile/telephone number(s), sex, age, occupation, interests, credit card information, billing information, financial information, content, IP address, standard web log information, information about your computer hardware and software and such other information as may be required for your interaction with the services and from which your identity is discernible. We may also collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as code, preferences, favorites, etc. Further, sometimes you may be asked to provide descriptive, cultural, preferential and social & life style information.
In addition to the above we may indirectly also collect information about you when you use certain third party services available on our website. We may also collect certain information about the use of our website by you, such as the services you access/use or areas you visit.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our Web pages utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about Web site activity. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a Web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Web site and App.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics.
Use
If you choose to provide us with the above mentioned information, you consent to the use, transfer, processing and storage of the information so provided by you on our servers. The information provided by you shall not be given to third parties (third parties for this purpose do not include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners / associates) for marketing purposes and other related activities without your prior consent. Though if you choose to make your profile visible, all information pertaining to your profile will be visible to third parties.
The information provided by you shall be used by us to:

Improve our website and enable us to provide you the most user-friendly experience which is safe, smooth and customized;
Improve and customize our services, content and other commercial / non-commercial features on the website;
Contact you to get your opinion on our current products and services or possible new products and/or services that may be offered by us.
Send you information on our products, services, special deals, promotions;
Ask you to send feedback on any or all of our services;
Send you marketing/promotional communications (If you do not wish to receive such marketing/promotional communications from us you may indicate your preferences at the time of registration or by following the instructions provided on the website or by providing instructions to this effect);
Create various surveys and analysis in form of reports;
Send newsletter(s) to you (Provided you subscribe to the same)
Send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so;
Provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our website (If you participate, we may request certain additional personally identifiable information from you. Moreover, participation in these surveys or contests is shall be completely voluntary and you therefore shall have a choice whether or not to disclose such additional information);
Contact you or send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates on our website, new job opportunities, services and additional/new job postings/openings which may be of your interest.
Provide customer support and the services you request;
Ascertain how many people visit our website, of what kind and what areas they visit,on our website;
Resolve disputes, if any and troubleshooting;
Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce Agreements
Provide service updates and promotional offers related to our services/products.
Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law;
Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws;
Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation;
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address security and/or technical issues;
Protect the rights, property or safety of HTML and/or its Directors, employees andthe general public at large;
Respond to Claims of third parties;
The members of our corporate family and group, affiliates, service providers and third parties under a contract to provide joint services, contents and marketing communications;
Other third parties to whom you explicitly require us to send the information;

If you consent to receive information about third party (such as employers, recruiters, data aggregators, marketers or others) opportunities, products or services/job opportunities or you make your profile visible we may disclose your information to such third parties for sending you communications via e-mail or otherwise to inform about new opportunities/services/products and new job postings/openings which may be of your interest. Also we might use your personal information to communicate with you and ascertain if you are interested in third party services.
Your information shall be disclosed to our employees/service providers who provide services to us vis-a-vis our website and the services/products therein. These service providers/employees will have access to the information provided by you in order to perform their functions/services efficiently.
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website or refer a job posting/service, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the website. However, your friend may contact us to request that he does not require such services/content/email or we remove the information related to him from our database.
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries with respect to our services/content, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes. We will also send you SMS alerts from time to time to update you on new matched jobs and other updates.
In order to provide certain services to you, we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submitted to us with information from third party sources (third parties for this purpose may include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners /associates). We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.

