We may collect two types of data and information from our Users: 1. The first type of information is un-identified and non-identifiable information pertaining to a User(s), which may be made available or gathered via the User’s use of the Service (“Non-personal Information“). We are not aware of the identity of the User from which the Non-personal Information was collected. Non-personal Information which is being collected consists of log data, technical information and aggregated usage information, and may contain, among other things, device settings, hardware information, device approximate location, mobile operator or internet service provider information, time zone, the activity of the User on the Service, User’s ‘click-stream’ and activity on the Service, including with respect to User Sites and/or Third Party Sites, de-identified Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring/exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and your links’ interaction on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, type of operating system, language and keyboard settings, etc. 2. The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual, or may be of private or sensitive nature (“Personal Information“). Personal Information which is being gathered may consist of the following:○ In the event that a User registers to the Service through his/her existing third-party Social Network Account (as defined under the Terms, namely the User’s Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or Google+ account, or other approved social platforms or networks), then such third-party social network may provide us with certain information about such User, as is stored in and/or made available by the User through his/her Social Network Account. For example, such information may consist, as applicable and/or made available by the User, of the User’s name, public profile picture URL address, Social Network Account User ID, e-mail address, date of birth, gender, occupation or work information, education and other information which the User made public. This Personal Information is automatically provided and stored by Spot.IM when registration to the Service is conducted via the User’s Social Network Account. We may also collect certain device identifiers, such as the registered user’s IP address. ○ In the event that a User registers to the Service through the registration form available on the Service, such User will be required to provide certain information such as his/her full-name, e-mail address, a User Account login password, profile picture and description; and/or ○ Any Personal Information provided voluntarily by the User via its use of the Service, user generated content provided through use of the Service, and/or other actions performed by the User in connection with the Service. ○ In the event a user communicates with us, we collect the Personal Information the user provided us with (such as correspondence and inquiries). For avoidance of doubt, any Non-personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
