English  |  简体中文  |  Français  |  Deutsch  |  Português  |  Español  |  Italiano  |  日本語At J.D. Power and Associates ("JDP"), we conduct market research across a variety of industries to understand the Voice of the Customer.JDP maintains three main websites: jdpower.com for consumers, businesses, and the media; and my.jdpower.com and businesscenter.jdpower.com for our corporate clients.JDP conducts many different types of research.  If you have completed a survey from JDP, we will use your information to help our clients better understand your needs and preferences.The JDP privacy notice is organized to answer your questions regarding how JDP uses the information you provide us and governs the information J.D. Power and Associates ("JDP") collects from various sources, including:Survey respondents for market research studies that are 100% owned by JDP, which are conducted to understand consumer preferences and attitudes across an entire industry or market;Survey respondents when we receive your information from one of our clients as part of an ongoing customer experience tracking program;Information we collect as part of our Power Information Network (PIN) operations;Website users, including users of www.jdpower.com or users of the J.D. Power VoX Platform at http://my.jdpower.com, or the J.D. Power Business Center website at http://businesscenter.jdpower.comUSE OF THE J.D. POWER APPUse of the J.D. Power App will be  governed by the J.D. Power App terms of use which are located here, in addition to the terms set forth herein. You are advised to review all of these terms before you download and use the J.D. Power App.WHAT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ("PII") DOES JDP COLLECT ABOUT YOU?Contact information that you provide to us or that is provided to us by our clients, such as your name, title and organization, address, telephone number, fax number, or e-mail address.Your responses to questions that we ask you as part of our market research activities.WHY DOES JDP COLLECT PII?To conduct market research into consumer preferences and attitudes around a variety of products and services.To conduct market research on behalf of our clients regarding consumer preferences and experiences.To verify consumer responses if needed to ensure the accuracy of our research.To process transactions and respond to inquiries.To maintain accounts on our client-facing websites.To provide clients with information about services and products offered by JDP and other parts of our parent company, S&P Global, that we believe may be of interest.HOW DOES JDP SHARE YOUR PII?With our vendors to perform services on our behalf.In connection with research that JDP conducts on behalf of a specific client, we may share PII with our client, subject to survey respondents’ consent. In these research studies, both the JDP brand and the brand of the JDP client will appear.With other parts of S&P Global.For JDP websites that serve our corporate clients, including the J.D. Power VoX Platform,  J.D. Power Business Center, PIN sites, and our online delivery platforms, we may share with your employer to ensure you are authorized to use our products and services and to track your usage as part of our contractual agreement with your employer.Potentially in conjunction with a sale or similar transfer of a business.When legally compelled or for other legal purposes.In connection with these legitimate business purposes, your PII may potentially be shared outside of the country where it was collected, anywhere in the world.IF YOU WANT TO LIMIT USE OF YOUR PII FOR MARKETING PURPOSES:If you want to limit use of your PII for marketing purposes, write to us at: jdpowerprivacy@jdpa.com, or: Privacy OfficialJ.D. Power30870 Russell Ranch Road, Suite 300Westlake Village, CA 91362 J.D. Power will only use your PII as stated in this Notice, and will not share your PII for marketing purposes. No one will try to sell you anything based on your answers to our market research surveys.About AdChoices J.D. Power is committed to providing you with transparency regarding the data collected by J.D. Power and control over the use of that data for interest-based advertising purposes. J.D. Power is compliant with the principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can visit www.aboutads.info/principles to learn more about the program and interest-based advertising. If you would like to opt out of the placement of third party cookies, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices; if you would like to opt out of third party use of your mobile device identifier for behavioral advertising, please see www.aboutads.info/appchoices.SECURITYWe have established safeguards and use reasonable security measures to protect your PII from unauthorized access and use.JDP has a global research team to serve its global customers, and your PII may be stored in a secure location in the U.S., U.K., Germany, Singapore, Japan, China, India, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, or Thailand. Access is limited to authorized persons.INTERNET PROTOCOL (IP) LOGSWhen you visit our sites, our servers automatically log and record your IP address. We use log data to monitor the use of our sites and services. We do not associate your IP address with any PII to identify you personally, except in cases of violation of our website Terms of Use.COOKIE USAGEPlease note that by using this site, you consent to the use of the cookies described below.JDP or our third-party service providers may use cookies (or other anonymous tracking technologies that do not collect personally-identifiable information) when you visit our websites. A "cookie" is a small text file placed on your computer or device, which helps our Web sites function better. We may use the following types of cookies:"Strictly necessary" cookies, which have to be set to allow us to deliver the site to you and to provide specific services that you request from us. The services offered by this site that require cookies to function include:account log-inshopping basket/online storebillingcomments/blog features"Performance" or "Analytics" cookies, which help us to collect information about how visitors use our site, and helps us with site analysis and improvements. Performance or analytics cookies will remain on your computer after you close your browser, but cannot be used to identify you personally."Functionality" cookies, which allow our site to remember your choices or preferences, such as information on online forms or previous orders. These cookies allow us to offer you a personalized experience while using the site. They are not used to track your browsing activity on other Web sites.You can change your Web browser's Internet preferences to disable or delete cookies, although that may affect certain functions on this site. To learn how to manage your cookies, please follow the instructions from your specific browser, or follow the links below:Internet ExplorerFirefoxChromeSafariOperaIf you are visiting this site using a mobile device such as a smartphone or tablet, please refer to the manufacturer's instructions on how to manage cookies.ONLINE TRACKINGOn our jdpower.com website, some of our advertisers may set cookies allowing them to collect information about your online visits. They do this in order to present relevant ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you. We cannot control their use of cookies and do not have access to any cookies they may set. Please note that by using this site, you consent to the use of third-party cookies and other cookies described in this notice.Some companies disclose when they are using interest-based advertising programs on J.D. Power websites and give you the ability to opt-out of this use of your information. This is sometimes indicated by this icon    displayed in or around third-party advertisements that use interest-based advertising programs. Clicking on this icon will provide additional information about the companies and data practices that were used to deliver the ad. You can opt out of delivery of targeted advertising to you by multiple companies by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices. Please note that even if you opt out, you will continue to receive advertisements, but they will not be tailored to your specific interests.J.D. Power collects anonymous online activity across multiple websites and ad campaigns. We also work with third-party service providers to collect information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to this and other websites, mobile websites and/or mobile applications, across your various devices. This data is used for cross device measurement and reporting on the effectiveness of websites and online advertising campaigns. The data is not used for delivering interest based ads. J.D. Power has a proprietary and patented method for linking together anonymous online activity to offline purchase activity. This data is received and processed in a way that ensures that the online browser data and offline purchase data is not tied together until it has been de-identified (anonymized).Users can choose to opt out of multi-site data collection by J.D. Power. To opt out, click here.Until "Do Not Track" protocol has been finalized, this site's information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that it provides to consumers, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy and Cookie Notice, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.J.D. POWER MOBILE APP TERMS OF USEBY DOWNLOADING THIS APP YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTFIABLE AND OTHER INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE AND TO THE USE OF AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION, INCLUDING THE LOCATION OF YOUR MOBILE DEVICE AS SET FORTH IN OUR PRIVACY AND COOKIE NOTICE. IF YOU DO NOT WANT SUCH INFORMATION COLLECTED, YOU SHOULD NOT DOWNLOAD THE APP.  YOU CAN STOP ALL COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY UNINSTALLING THE APP.BY ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING AND USING THE APP, YOU AND YOUR COMPANY/EMPLOYER ARE BOTH LEGALLY BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.The mobile app obtains the information you provide when you download the app. Such information may include your name, email address, user name, and password. In addition, the app may collect certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, the device unique ID and IP address, your mobile operating address, the type of browsers you use, and information about the location of your mobile device.  You can stop all collection of information by the app by uninstalling it.By accessing and using the J.D. Power App (the “J.D. Power App” or "App"), you agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions set forth below (the “Terms of Use” or “Agreement”).  The terms "you" and "User" refer to your company, employer, agent, relative, or anyone who accesses the J.D. Power App. The term “J.D. Power” refers to that certain legal entity known as “J.D. Power and Associates”, with its corporate headquarters located at 3200 Park Center Drive, Costa Mesa, California, 92626.Subject to applicable laws and regulations, J.D. Power may change these Terms of Use at any time without notice. Changes will be posted on the J.D. Power App and such changes shall be effective immediately.  You agree to review the App periodically to be aware of any such amendments. Your continued use of the App after such amendments have been made shall constitute acceptance of the amendments. If any of these changes are unacceptable, you are not authorized to access the J.D. Power App and should delete the App from your device.1. ELIGIBILITY Use of automated services or machines is not permitted. Use of the App requires you to establish an account and is limited to one (1) account per person, even if the individual has multiple e-mail addresses.2. REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONSa. Your user name and password will be the same as the one for the Platform. Users that log into the site via the Single Sign On (“SSO”) will not have a user name or password and instead will use a QR code. All Users of the App have to create a 4-digit PIN when first logging into the App to enable Users continued access to the App after their devices “time-out”.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and you accept responsibility for all activities, charges and damages that occur in relation to your account.  You shall promptly contact J.D. Power if you believe there has been unauthorized use of your account. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of your access to the App. Please see our Privacy and Cookie Notice for information regarding how your information will be used and maintained.b. You agree to abide by all applicable laws and regulations with respect to your J.D. Power App account.3. PASSWORD/ACCOUNT ACCESS RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIESJ.D. Power may act upon any instructions received under your password and e-mail address without further verification. 4. EXPIRATION OF J.D. POWER APP At its sole discretion, and without notice, J.D. Power may disable and/or discontinue the J.D. Power App.5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND UNLAWFUL USEYou will have access to certain proprietary content accessible via the J.D. Power App (the “Content”).  Some of the Content may be proprietary to you or your company, other Content may be proprietary to J.D. Power.The J.D. Power App is the property of J.D. Power or its licensors, and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. All trade names, trademarks, service marks and other product and service names and logos on the App and within the Content, including the name J.D. Power, each of the J.D. Power Medallions and all intellectual property rights with respect to each of the foregoing, are proprietary to their respective owners and are protected by applicable trademark and copyright laws. Any of the trademarks, service marks or logos (collectively, the "Marks") displayed on the App may be registered or unregistered marks of J.D. Power and Associates or others.Nothing contained in the App should be construed as granting any license or right by implication, estoppel or otherwise to use any of the Marks displayed on the App without the express written permission of J.D. Power and Associates or a third-party owner of such Marks. You shall honor all reasonable requests by J.D. Power to protect the proprietary interests of J.D. Power in the App and the Content.Illegal and unauthorized uses of the Marks or any other Content are strictly prohibited.6. YOUR CONDUCTYou agree to not use the J.D. Power App to:a. Violate applicable law;b. Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity;c. Interfere with, disrupt or violate the terms and conditions and operating rules of the J.D. Power App or servers or networks connected to J.D. Power; or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of such networks;d. Interfere with another’s use of the J.D. Power App;e. Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the J.D. Power App, or to any other accounts, Websites, computer systems, or network;f. Transmit any file that contains viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other contaminating or destructive features;g. Use the J.D. Power App to conduct any activity or solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes the rights of others;h. Provide access to the J.D. Power App to others using your personal account.7. ANTI-HACKING PROVISIONYou expressly agree not to use the J.D. Power App to:launch or attempt to launch any "deep-link," "scraper," "robot," "bot," "spider," "data-mining," "computer code" or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process, or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the App, any data or Content found on or accessed through the App or any Other Content without the prior express written consent of J.D. Power;obtain or attempt to obtain through any means any materials or information on the App that have not been intentionally made publicly available either by their public display on the App or through their accessibility by a visible link on the App;violate the restrictions in any robot inclusion headers on this App or in any way bypass or circumvent any other measure employed to limit or prevent access to the App or its Content;violate the security of the App or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the App, data, materials, information, Websites, computer systems or networks connected to any server, through hacking, password mining or any other means;interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the App or any activities conducted on or through any website, including accessing any data, content or other information prior to the time that it is intended to be available to the public on the App;take or attempt any action that, in the sole discretion of J.D. Power, imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load or burden on the infrastructure of J.D. Power and Associates8. TERMINATIONThis Agreement, and your account, may be terminated as follows:a. Termination. You have the right to terminate this Agreement and your J.D. Power App account at any time by deleting the application from your mobile device. If access to the J.D. Power Platform account is terminated for any reason, access and functionalities of the App will likewise be terminated. b. J.D. Power Termination. J.D. Power may terminate this Agreement and your J.D. Power App account effective immediately and without prior notice, for any reason.c. It is the sole and exclusive responsibility of company or employer of User to notify J.D. Power in writing when any such User shall be removed or blocked from further access to the App or more generally the J.D. Power Platform.  For the avoidance of doubt, J.D. Power bears no responsibility for any failure by you to timely notify it of the removal of any User from access to the App and/or the J.D. Power Platform.9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYYou are entirely liable for activities conducted by you in connection with your use of the J.D. Power App. If you are dissatisfied with the App or with these Terms of Use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to cease using the App. J.D. Power, nor any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or any third-party provider will pay you any damages in connection with your access or non-access to the J.D. Power App.Neither J.D. Power, or their parents, subsidiaries, their affiliates, nor their third-party providers guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any Content provided through this App.  J.D. Power, their parents, their subsidiaries, their affiliates, third-party providers, their directors, officers, shareholders, employees and agents are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of such information. J.D. POWER, THEIR PARENTS, THEIR SUBSIDIARIES, THEIR AFFILIATES AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE. In no event shall J.D. Power, their parents, their subsidiaries, their affiliates or their third-party providers and their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of such information or the J.D. Power App even if J.D. Power has been advised of the possibility of such damages.10. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES FROM THIS WEBSITEYou may, through hypertext or other computer links on the App, gain access to Websites operated by persons other than J.D. Power. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only, and are the exclusive responsibility of such websites' owners. You agree that J.D. Power is not responsible for the content or operation of such Websites, and that J.D. Power shall have no liability to you or any other person or entity for the use of third-party websites. Except as described below, a hyperlink from this app to another website does not imply or mean that J.D. Power endorses the content on that website or the operator or operations of that site. You are solely responsible for determining the extent to which you may use any content at any other Websites to which you link from this app. J.D. Power assumes no responsibility for the use of third-party software on the website and shall have no liability whatsoever to any person or entity for the accuracy or completeness of any outcome generated by such software.11. USER CONTENTSubject to the requirements and obligations set forth in any other written agreements between the User and J.D. Power, User grants to J.D. Power the non-exclusive and perpetual right to use all Content entered into or on the App by the User (other than User Registration Information) in any medium and for any purpose.Users posting Content on the app are responsible for the content of that material. J.D. Power has no responsibility for User Content or for the content of any messages or information posted by Users or others, or for the content of information accessible on the Internet, even if accessed via direct or indirect hyperlinks from the App. However, J.D. Power retains the right, which it may or may not exercise in its sole discretion, to review, edit, or delete User Content that J.D. Power deems to be illegal, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate.The User is solely responsible for all access to, usage of, or activity on, such User’s account/profile including, but not limited to, use of the account/profile by any person who uses your password to access the J.D. Power App, with or without authorization, or who has access to any computer, mobile or other device on which your account/profile resides or is accessible.The User agrees not to post, upload, transmit, send or otherwise make available on or through the App any Content which such User is bound not to disclose by agreement, contract, fiduciary duty, employment relationship, or otherwise, including but not limited to, insider information, proprietary and/or confidential information, trade secrets or Content that infringes upon any third-party’s rights.The User agrees to indemnify J.D. Power and any third-party data providers, from all damages, liabilities, costs, charges and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that J.D. Power, its affiliates, employees, and authorized representatives may incur as a result of any claim arising out of User Content posted using your email address and password, including without limitation, that which violates these Terms of Use and/or applicable laws.12. USER’S AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS OF USEThese Terms of Use, constitute the entire agreement  (“Agreement”) between the parties relating to the J.D. Power App and supersedes any and all other agreements, oral or in writing, with respect to the App. The failure of J.D. Power to insist upon strict compliance with any term of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver with regard to any subsequent failure to comply with such term or provision. This Agreement is personal to you, and you may not assign your rights or obligations to anyone. If any provision in this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. This Agreement, your rights and obligations, and all actions contemplated by this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of California. The parties agree that the State and Federal courts of California shall be the exclusive forums for any dispute arising out of this Agreement and the parties hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.13. INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to indemnify and hold harmless J.D. Power and its current and future subsidiaries, successors, affiliates, licensors, suppliers, co-branders, third-party providers, clients, sponsors, and partners, and the officers, directors, employees, and agents of each of them, from and against any and all claims, losses, costs (including court costs), fees (including legal fees), damages and expenses that any such party may incur as a result of, due to, or arising out of violation by you (or anyone acting under your account or password) of this Agreement or the use or misuse of the J.D. Power App by you (or anyone acting under your account or password), or the violation of any rights of another by you (or anyone acting under your account or password).QUESTIONS AND CONCERNSTo review and confirm the accuracy of your PII, or to contact us with concerns or questions, please write to us at jdpowerprivacy@jdpa.com or Privacy Official, J.D. Power, 30870 Russell Ranch Road, Suite 300, Westlake Village, CA 91362 USA.Click Here for more information about S&P Global's Customer Privacy Policy.This notice is effective as of June 2016. Future revisions to this Privacy and Cookie Notice will be posted at this location.