Information collection and privacy protection
The Website Privacy Statement explains how your personal information will be treated as you access and interact with NSW Electoral Commission websites.  

You can find more information in our Privacy Management Plan that explains how we manage personal information in line with the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 (PPIP Act) and the Health Records and Information Privacy Act 2002 (HRIP Act).

The NSW Electoral Commission uses its websites to undertake a number of its functions including providing resources and services to our stakeholders on an ongoing basis or in relation to specific elections. We also use our websites to publish information including personal information that we are lawfully authorised or required to publish on an ongoing basis or for a limited period of time, such as: 


Information and documents relating to the Register of Parties for State and local government elections.


Registers of candidates, associated entities, party agents, third party campaigners, official agents.


Disclosures of reportable political donations and electoral expenditure.


Copies of claims for payment of public funding under Part 4 of the Electoral Funding Act 2018 (EF Act). 


Copies of claims for payment of administrative and new part policy development funding under Part 5 of the EF Act.


Register of determinations that a person is not a prohibited donor.


Particular legislative notices eg notice of nominations for State elections, notice of amendments to the Register of Parties. 


Candidate information sheets for local government elections.


Names and summary of roles/responsibilities of senior office holders of registered political parties.


Certificates of registration of electoral material.


Register of Third-party Lobbyists.


Lobbyists Watch List.


Approved forms and procedures.


Declarations of election results.


Open access information. 


The personal information we collect via our websites include: 


The content of forms including registration and application forms submitted via our websites.


Any messages or comments including complaints and feedback a person may submit using an online form or email address via our websites.


Subscriptions to the election reminder service.


Registrations for an event or seminar.


Registrations with respect to third-party lobbyists.


Expressions of interest with respect to employment opportunities.


Entries made through the online enrolment verification service. 


iVote registrations.


Any personal information you provide to us via our websites will only be used and disclosed for our purposes, or a related purpose, unless you consent to another use or disclosure, or as otherwise stated on a form, application, webpage or as required or authorised by law. Electors who provide us with their contact email address and/or mobile number on election related forms will have those details added to the election reminder service contact list.

Please note that additional privacy statements may be found on the pages of our websites where registration occurs or on the forms/applications to be completed. Our Privacy Management Plan details the circumstances where particular forms/applications made by electoral participants are required to be made available for public inspection or published on our websites.
Your email address – contact form
The NSW Electoral Commission will record your email address if you send a message by email or use our online contact form. Your email address provided via the form will be used to respond to specific user queries or in relation to an investigation/compliance issue. Your email address will not be added to any mailing lists without your consent. We will not use or disclose your email address for any other purpose, without your prior written consent or unless lawfully required or authorised. 
Email and mobile numbers - Election Reminder Service
Subscribers to the election reminder service will have their email address and mobile number added to the election reminder service contact list. We may use your email address and mobile number to send reminders about upcoming State and local government elections and by-elections. At times we may invite you via email or text message to participate in surveys for research purposes. 

Your email address and mobile number may also be recorded on the Electoral Information Register.  In accordance with the Electoral Act 2017 (Electoral Act) and the exchange of information agreement between the NSW Electoral Commission and the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC), the NSW Electoral Commission may disclose details from the Electoral Information Register to the AEC. This information may include your email and mobile number. The AEC and the NSW Electoral Commission may use your mobile number and email address to assist with automatic enrolment procedures. We will not share this information with any other agency without your consent unless required or authorised by law.
Online applications for technology assisted voting and postal voting at state elections
The NSW Electoral Commission collects this information for the purpose of ascertaining an applicant’s eligibility to vote electronically or by post, to facilitate an elector’s access to and use of technology assisted voting and to provide information to an applicant about the application/voting processes under the Electoral Act 2017.

The NSW Electoral Commission may also use this information to seek feedback about its online registration processes and voting experiences as part of its research functions but will never ask an elector who they voted for. An applicant can find additional information in the Electoral Commission’s Technology Assisted Voting Approved procedures for NSW State elections available on this website.

Any personal details including mobile numbers and email addresses not already known to the Electoral Commission may be added to the Electoral Information Register as part of the Commission’s functions to maintain and verify enrolment information.  This information may also be used to inform electors about upcoming election events.

The administration of these voting services and research functions are undertaken by relevant staff and contractors engaged by the Commission. The information may be disclosed to the Australian Electoral Commission in accordance with the joint enrolment arrangement under the Electoral Act and as otherwise required or authorised by law.

The information required on these forms are compulsory unless otherwise indicated, failure to provide this information may hinder or delay the application and voting processes. There are a number of eligibility requirements that pertain to health information. An applicant only needs to select which ground or grounds are applicable, eg there is no requirement to identify their illness, type of vision impairment, or disability.

During the iVote system’s application process personal identification information will be required, eg a driver licence number, Medicare number or passport number. If this information is not provided, the application will still be processed but the elector will be sent a letter by the Electoral Commission acknowledging receipt of the iVote application. These identification numbers are provided to the Document Verification Service (DVS) for the purpose of confirming that they match records held by the government authority that issued them.  The identification numbers are not retained by the NSW Electoral Commission. The NSW Electoral Commission will retain the response provided by the DVS, which is generally a ‘yes’ or ‘no’ response with respect to the matching process. Additional information about how the DVS works can be found by visiting dvs.gov.au

The NSW Electoral Commission does not retain an individual's application to vote electronically or by post for future election events, ie an applicant is required to complete an application for each election event (unless a registered early voter).  The personal and health information collected will be kept in secure storage until the conclusion of the election’s preservation period in accordance with section 175 of the Electoral Act.
Clickstream data and cookies
When visiting our websites the site server makes a record of the visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes in relation to that site:


The user's server address – this allows us to consider the visitors who use the site most and tailor the site to their interests and needs


The user's operating system (for example Windows, Mac). This allows us to tailor browser or platform specific parts of the site to each operating system because browsers act differently on each platform.


The user's top level domain name (for example, .com, .gov, .au etc.). This can allow us to tailor information relevant to different domains.


The date and time of the visit to the site – this is important for identifying the website's busy times and ensuring maintenance on the site is conducted outside these periods.


Pages accessed and documents downloaded – this indicates to us which pages or documents are most important to our users and also helps identify important information that may be difficult to find.


Duration of the visit – this indicates to us how interesting and informative our site is to our users.


Geographic location – this shows us how well marketed our site is.


The site visited before and the site visited after our website – this helps us determine the interests of our users and which sites are providing links to ours as well as sites where we may be able to seek links.


The type of browser used – this is important for browser specific coding eg JavaScript.


The NSW Electoral Commission captures this information on its own computers and those of its contracted service providers. Access to the data is restricted to a limited number of officers and our contracted service providers for the purpose of maintaining, securing and improving our websites and to enhance your experience when using them. 

Generally no attempt will be made to identify users unless lawfully authorised or required. 

The NSW Electoral Commission will also identify users and disclose this information to relevant staff and law enforcement authorities where:


The information will assist relevant staff of the NSW Electoral Commission with respect to a potential or ongoing investigation of an offence under our governing legislation.


The use of this site raises a suspicion that an offence is being or has been committed eg authorised attempts to intercept message, access files, tamper or interfere with files.


Communications are received that are defamatory, abusive, vilifying individuals or groups or which give rise to a suspicion that an offence is being committed.


Attempts are made to otherwise compromise the security of the web server, breach the laws of the State of New South Wales or Commonwealth of Australia, or interfere with the enjoyment of the site by other users.


Google Analytics
Our websites use Google Analytics, a service that transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate individual IP addresses with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. For more information about this, see Google's Privacy Policy. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
Information collected by Google Analytics
The information collected during each visit is aggregated with similar logged information and published in reports so we can identify patterns of usage of our websites. This helps us improve the site and the services offered on it. We will not disclose or publish information that identifies individual machines, or potentially identifies sub-groupings of addresses, without consent unless authorised or required by law or if those circumstances above in which we would disclose clickstream data and cookies arise.
Links to external websites
This site contains links to other sites. Our website privacy statement does not extend beyond our websites. When following links to third party sites, we recommend you read the privacy statement of that site to familiarise yourself with its privacy practices. 

The NSW Electoral Commission is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Please refer to our disclaimer for additional information.
Security of Information
While we take all reasonable steps to protect personal information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification and disclosure there are inherent risks associated with the transmission of information via the internet. Please refer to our disclaimer for further information. 

Our websites are protected by advanced access control mechanisms to prevent unauthorised access. Strong data encryption mechanisms are also used to protect your personal information during data transmission and when your data is stored.  

For those who do not wish to use the internet, we provide alternative ways of obtaining and providing information. We will remove personal information from our system where it is no longer required, except where archiving is required and in order to fulfil our obligations under the PPIP Act.
Social networking services
Our websites contain links to social networking services Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and LinkedIn. 
Social media communications are in the public domain. We will not ask you for personal information through social media. If we need personal information to answer your question or help you, we will ask you to use a more private channel, such as sending us an enquiry via our feedback/complaints form or by telephoning us.
When you communicate with us using these services we may collect your personal information to help us communicate with you and the public. We may also use the social networking services to invite you to participate in surveys and to our events or services. 

We use and manage information collected from social media services in line with the State Records - Strategies for managing social media records. This includes capturing information and making records of social media activities.  This does not mean all social media information is captured and managed as an official record but it does mean that some high risk and key business value social media information will be managed and kept for appropriate periods of time.

This statement does not extend to social networking sites. These sites have their own privacy policies and we encourage you to read them. Please refer to our disclaimer for additional information.
Access and correction
Access and correction of personal information is dealt with in detail in the NSW Electoral Commission Privacy Management Plan. An individual may request access to and alteration of personal information unless exemptions apply eg information pertaining to the NSW Electoral Commission’s investigative functions.
Need further information?
If you have any questions about this website privacy statement or privacy concerns, please contact the Privacy Contact Officer on (02) 9290 5999  .
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. However, if you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies. In some instances this may mean you will not be able to take full advantage of parts of the network. A server cannot find out a name or email address, or anything about a user's computer, by using cookies. Cookies may also be used to confirm where an identified user came from when they entered the site. This personal information may be used to tailor the services provided to the user.
Domain name
The code for the country or type of internet connection a user comes from, such as '.com' '.gov' '.au' '.uk'.

Internet Service Provider
A company or organisation that provides access to the internet for users.
      The code for the country or type of internet connection a user comes from, such as '.com' '.gov' '.au' '.uk'.A company or organisation that provides access to the internet for users.