
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about how the Belize Tourism Board (“BTB“) uses and protects the information you give us when you access this website. Any information that you provide to us will be used only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

 
The BTB respects your privacy and we are committed to protect the personal information you chose to share with us while using this website. Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including name, email address, a home, postal or business address or other information of a personal descriptive nature such as a title or occupation or information about personal interests or other similar types of information.
 
Ordinarily, when you browse our website you do so anonymously and the BTB does not automatically collect your personal information.
 
However, the BTB may log your IP address (the internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have logged in to our website. Like many other commercial websites, the BTB may use a standard technology called a cookie to collect information about how you use this website. For example, we may use traffic log cookies to help us compile and analyze data about webpage traffic so that we may improve our website to tailor it to your needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
 
You may also choose to provide personal information to us by inputting your data into fields on our website when prompted to do so. We may use this information for internal record keeping or statistical purposes or to compile mailing lists or we may periodically send promotional emails or other information to you about Belize or we may use the personal information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by telephone, email or mail.
 
You may choose to restrict the use of your personal information at the time when you are asked to enter your personal information into a field by clicking the box that indicates that you do not want the personal information you provide to be used by anybody for marketing purposes.
 
Please be aware that our online communications assets are managed by third parties and so the personal information that you provide to us is accessed by these third parties. We may also disclose the personal information to third parties who conduct our market research or analysis. Whenever we disclose your personal information we take all reasonable steps to ensure that our third party partners handle your information with the same respect for your privacy as we do.
 
We may also disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law or legal process or for the investigation of potential violations of law or to detect or prevent fraud or for any security or technical issues or to protect against harm to the BTB, its users or the general public.
 
Our website may contain links to other websites. Once you have used these links to leave our website then we are no longer responsible for the protection and privacy of any personal information which you provide while on that other website.
 
This Privacy Policy may be changed at any time by the BTB by simply updating this page.
 
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Belize and the courts of Belize shall have jurisdiction.
 
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us through this website or write to us at the Belize Tourism Board, No. 64 Regent Street, Belize City, Belize.

