Privacy
The Victorian Government and our service providers value the privacy of every individual’s personal information. We are committed to protecting the information we collect, and comply with our obligations under the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Vic).  PROV's privacy policy can be viewed here.
Protecting your privacy and your personal information is an important aspect of the way we create, organise and implement our activities on and off line.
This privacy statement does not extend beyond this website to other linked websites and you are encouraged to review each linked website’s privacy statement.
 
Collection
You can access our homepage and browse our website without disclosing your personal information. We do not and will not seek to identify individual users with the information automatically collected by the website.
We collect personal information about you when you:
register an account for the purpose of ordering records
submit an electronic form via the website, requesting us to provide services, information or take action
take part in an online survey
submit messages or comments to email addresses displayed on this website.

Web statistics
This website uses Google Analytics to track and measure visitation numbers using clickstream data, cookies and web beacons. For more information visit https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
This website also captures the following details of your visit in server logs which may be used for diagnosing errors:
your server address
your top-level domain name
the date and time of your visit to the site
the pages accessed and documents downloaded
the previous site visited
the type of browser used.

Use and disclosure
Your personal information and the details of your correspondence will be dealt with in accordance with the Public Records Act 1973 and the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Vic).  
We will only use and disclose personal information for:
the primary purpose for which it was collected
purposes related to that primary purpose and which are within the reasonable expectations of users
other purposes to which you have consented
other purposes permitted by the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Vic).

Security
Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
 
Access and correction
Should you wish to gain access to, or correction of, your personal information held by us, please contact us via our online enquiry form.
 

