Privacy Policy
Last updated on July 1, 2014

        Rakuten Kobo Inc. (for residents outside of Europe) and Kobo Europe S.A. (for residents of Europe), (in each case as applicable, referred to herein as "We", "Our" or "Us") consider the protection of your personal information a top priority when you ("You" or "Your") use Our Kobo Service. If you decide to become a customer of the Kobo Service by creating an account (“Customer”), Your account and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and Our Terms and Conditions of Use. Our Policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure, if any, of personal information can be broken down into the 10 principles covered in Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA").
    
Partnership with FNAC

        "Kobo by FNAC" is an e-book download service offered by Kobo in collaboration with FNAC (RCS Créteil B 775 661 390, 9 rue des boats-lavoirs, 94200 Ivry-sur-Seine). You can access it with a Kobo or FNAC account. The information and data concerning you are collected and processed electronically by KOBO and FNAC, each for its own account, regardless of the account used for access. These data are required by Kobo and FNAC for service management, monitoring of your business and security relationship, and to enable Kobo and FNAC to improve and personalize the services offered to you and the information that you are sent.
    

        Depending on the choices made when you create your account or when you access your account, you may receive offers from FNAC or KOBO as well as from FNAC's companies and brands. If you no longer wish to receive such offers, you may at any time request us to make any necessary changes to your account.
    

        If you use Kobo applications with your FNAC account, FNAC will send you the information you need to use Kobo, whose servers are located in Europe and the United States. The purpose of this data is to enable the service of downloading e-books from KOBO applications for users of FNAC accounts. The transfer of this data is authorized to Canada, a country whose legislation on the protection of personal data was recognized by a decision of the European Commission of 20 December 2001, as well as to the United States, by decision of the Commission. CNIL n ° DF-2013-1269 following the conclusion of contractual clauses to protect your data between FNAC and Kobo. Similarly, information collected directly by Kobo during the provision of this service will be sent to FNAC for the purposes of managing, monitoring the e-book downloading service and administering business relations with FNAC.
    
In accordance with the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978, you have the right of access, information, rectification and opposition to your personal data held by FNAC and Kobo. Just write to us.


            by e-mail at the following address:
            KOBO: help@kobo.com
FNAC: livresnumeriques@fnac.com



            by post at the following address:
            Kobo Europe S.A., 2 Rue de Fosse, Luxembourg L-1536, or to Kobo Inc., 135 Liberty St, Ste 100, Toronto, ON M6K 1A7
FNAC Customer Service, PO Box 9, 93301 Aubervilliers Cedex, mentioning your name, your e-mail address and, if possible, your customer reference.


In accordance with current legislation, your application must be signed and accompanied by a photo ID with the address to which you wish to receive the reply. A reply will be sent within two months of receipt of your request.
1. ACCOUNTABILITY


We are responsible for information under Our jurisdiction.
We have appointed a Privacy Officer who is responsible for verifying our adherence to this Policy and all applicable privacy laws.
All Our employees are required to comply with this Policy and applicable laws on a daily basis.
When We use trustworthy third parties, including Our affiliates and subsidiaries, to act on Our behalf by performing certain tasks such as order fulfillment, packet delivery, credit card processing, or provision of customer service, appropriate or contractual means are put in place to ensure compliance of these third parties with this Policy and other laws in force regarding confidentiality.
Our website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage our users to be vigilant when they leave our site, to read the privacy policies of each website that collects personal data. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Our Care in accordance with the Kobo Service. Please read the Terms of Use for more information.



(a) User account and personal data


To access virtually all Kobo Service features, you must register to create a Kobo account and enter into a contract with Kobo to use the service by agreeing to the Kobo Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. To become a customer of the Kobo Service and to create your account, personal information is required, including your real name, e-mail address, password and country of residence. If you are logged in you will be logged in with your username. The latter can be your real name if you wish, or you can choose to publish under a nickname, whatever the username you chose when creating your account.
When you make a purchase on the Kobo Service, we will ask you for additional information to validate your purchase, and we will retain that information until you request that we delete it.
We ask you for personal data when you create a Kobo user account, including Your email address and a password, which are necessary to protect your account from unauthorized access.
We may record information about your use, for example when and how often you use the Kobo Service, what information you display, or what information you click within the Kobo Service (including user interface elements, settings and other information).
For newspaper and magazine subscriptions, We may share Your personal information and other information about Your account with Our publishers and other content providers for use internally only including reports and cumulative disclosure reports. If You consent, the publisher or content provider may contact You for commercial purposes.
We may use Your use information to diversify Your experience. For example, We may present content that We believe may be of interest to you, based on the information We record on Your use.
When You Go to Kobo, We will collect Your browser type and IP address and We will be able to use this information to diversify Your experience.
If You are logged in, We may associate this information with Your Account.
We can use invisible pixels (or "Web beacons") in the HTML emails that we send to our users to find out which e-mails are opened by the recipients.
Any personal information or personal content that You voluntarily disclose online (in comments, reviews, etc.) becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by others. If you contribute to the Kobo Service, you publish every word you send publicly. If you write something, assume that it can be kept indefinitely.



(b) E-mail


When you enter into a contract with Kobo to access the Kobo Service by creating a Kobo account and agreeing to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, you consent to our sending Kobo Service emails or to the products you have purchased. You can change this option at any time through your Account Settings, or by using the unsubscribe feature found in all emails we send.
We reserve the right to send you e-mails containing important information about Your account from time to time, even if You have chosen not to receive e-mails from Us.



(c) Password


Your customer account is protected by a password of your choice. Passwords ensure the security of your account.
All customers are encouraged to choose secure passwords and never share them. You are prohibited from knowingly exposing another user's password to public broadcasting, either directly or indirectly.
Protect yourself from unauthorized access to Your password and Your computer by logging out when you are finished using a shared computer.



(d) Children under 18 years of age



            You must be at least 13 years old to register and use the Kobo Service. Therefore, the Kobo Service does not specifically collect information about children. If We learn that the Kobo Service has collected information from a child under the age of 13, We will delete this information as soon as possible. Minors aged 13 and up to the age of majority in the jurisdiction where they reside must receive permission from their parents before using Kobo or sending information about themselves or anyone via the Internet.
        



(e) Cookies


Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that We transfer to your computer's hard drive through Your Web browser to enable Our systems to recognize Your browser and Tell us how and when the pages of Our Website are viewed, and how many people. Kobo cookies do not collect personal information and We do not combine the information collected through cookies with other personal data to tell us who you are or what Your nickname or e-mail address is.
The "Help" section of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to use the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to completely disable cookies. We recommend that you leave cookies enabled as cookies may allow you to use certain features of the Kobo Service.
Some of Our Business Partners, such as Our advertisers, may use cookies on Our Website. We have no access to or control over these cookies.



(f) Private Journaling


Each time you see a Web page, you send information to the Web server. Most Web servers maintain access logs with some of this information. These logs can be used to get a global overview of the most visited pages, other sites that link to it, and browsers used by users.
These logs are used to generate statistics on the site; the raw log data is not made public.
Log data can be scanned by developers and administrators for troubleshooting technical problems and tracking web spiders that do not work properly and overwhelm the site. The IP addresses of users, derived from these logs or archives in the database, are frequently used to correlate network addresses and user names to investigate abuses of the Kobo Service, including acts of vandalism, harassment other users or other site disruptions.


2. AIMS OF IDENTIFICATION


We collect your personal information in general to provide you with the Kobo Service as described in the Terms of Use and for any specific purpose identified in this Policy or in accordance with this Policy. Without limiting the foregoing, we collect personal information to honor your orders, process your payments, collect the amounts you owe us, respond to your requests for information and services, manage your account (including storing your digital content purchased or obtained free of charge from Kobo), communicate with you, conduct internal studies to understand your needs and improve our service, enforce our terms of use, manage and administer Kobo's business (if necessary) sales to our content publishers and providers, and for any other purpose permitted or required by law.
Unless the purpose is evident due to the nature of the transaction in question, We will identify the purposes for which the personal information is collected before or at the time the information is collected.
The proposed objectives will be described in a reasonably understandable manner.
An obvious purpose is to ask for the name and address of the person during the registration process with the Kobo Service in order to provide that person with access to the service.


3. CONSENT


We will collect, use or disclose Your personal information only with Your knowledge and consent, unless the law or this Policy requires or permits us to do so.
We will not make Your consent a condition to the supply of a product or service unless necessary to be able to provide a product or service.
The consent may be explicit or, in certain circumstances, implied and given in writing, whether or not using a check - box, electronically, orally (in person or by telephone), or Your conduct, use of a product or service.
To determine the type of consent to be obtained, We will consider all relevant factors, including the level of confidentiality of the information and your reasonable expectations.
You may withdraw Your consent at any time, subject to reasonable notice, subject to legal or contractual restrictions. We will inform you of the consequences of such a decision. Your withdrawal will only apply to future gatherings, uses or disclosures.


4. LIMITATION OF COLLECTION


We will only collect personal information necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy or for the purposes identified to us by or at the time of collection.
We collect personal information by fair and lawful means.


5. LIMITATION OF USE, DISCLOSURE AND CONSERVATION


Personal information will not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with Your consent or as required or permitted by law or this Policy.
They shall be kept as long as necessary for such purposes or as required by law.

            For greater certainty, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Our Policy states that personally identifiable information collected within the Kobo Service Server logs may be released by Our System Administrators in the following situations:
            
In response to a court order, assignment or other compulsory legal procedure; 
With the permission of the client / client; 
For our management team, legal counsel, or their delegates, when necessary for investigating complaints of abuse; 
Where the information relates to pages generated by a spider or a robot and its dissemination is necessary to illustrate or solve technical problems; 
When the client causes damage or degradation to the Kobo Service or engages in continuing disruptive behavior, its data may be disclosed to assist in the targeting of IP blocks, or to assist in the formulation of a complaint to ISPs relevant; 
Where it is reasonably necessary to protect Our rights, our property or our security, or the rights, property or security of users of the Kobo Service or the public; 
To trusted third parties, including Our subsidiaries and affiliates, acting in our name in the provision of the Kobo Service and, in the case of subscriptions to newspapers and magazines, to Our publishers and other content providers (in this case , contractual means or other appropriate means will be used to ensure compliance by these third parties with this Policy and all applicable laws). 


In addition, Your personal information may be used and disclosed or transferred to one or more other third parties, including Our affiliates and Subsidiaries (individually, a "third party") in a purchase and sale transaction, consolidation, joint venture or other type of business combination, reorganization or restructuring, or the financing of all or part of Our Business or Assets (a "Business Transaction"), including third party to determine whether to conduct such a trade transaction.
In such a case, We will disclose Your personal information only if:
            
the personal information is necessary for the parties to determine whether to proceed with the business transaction and, if the decision is to proceed with the transaction, to complete and complete the business transaction;
the third party has entered into an appropriate agreement under which the use and disclosure of Your personal information is limited to:
                    

                            purposes relating to the commercial transaction, and
                        

                            if the transaction is completed, for the purposes for which the information was originally collected or subsequently authorized by You;
                        


the disclosure relates only to personal information collected by Us under the Kobo Service; and if
the commercial transaction is terminated, such third party must continue to use and disclose Your Personal Information in a manner that is in all respects consistent with the provisions of this Policy unless you agree otherwise. Subject to legal and contractual restrictions, You will be notified as soon as reasonably possible after the completion of any business transaction during which, or as a result of which, Your personal information has been transferred or disclosed to a third party. You agree that this notice may be given by an announcement on the Kobo website.



6. ACCURACY


We will retain Your personal information as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.


7. SAFETY PRECAUTIONS


        We will protect personal information by security measures appropriate to the level of confidentiality of information, including physical (eg locked filing, restricted access, appropriate destruction of personal information), organizational ( for example, security clearances, access only to the "need to know"), technological (eg, passwords, encryption) and employee training.
    

8. TRANSPARENCY


Information on Our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information will be made available to individuals.


9. INDIVIDUAL ACCESS


Upon request, We will notify you of the existence, use and disclosure of your personal information and, except in certain circumstances, We will give You access to this information. You have the right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of Your information and have it amended as appropriate.
In certain circumstances permitted by law, access to Your personal information will not be given to You. For example, if the information contains references to other persons, where they can not be disclosed for legal, security or proprietary reasons, or if such information is subject to solicitor-client privilege or to the privilege of the dispute.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from a person under thirteen years of age or knowingly do not knowingly allow these individuals to register. If you are under the age of thirteen, please do not try to register or send us any information about you, including Your name, address, phone number or e-mail address. In the event We learn that We have collected personal information from an individual under the age of thirteen years, We will delete this information as soon as possible. If You believe that We have any information from or about a person under the age of eighteen years, please contact us.


10. CONTACT US AND / OR DECLARE A DEFECT OF COMPLIANCE
For more information about this Policy, including sending questions or comments, or challenging Our compliance with this Policy, please Contact us as follows:

        Rakuten Kobo Inc. Privacy Officer. 135 Liberty St. Suite
        101, Toronto, ON Canada M6K 1A7
privacy@kobobooks.com

        Kobo Europe S.A.
        Privacy Officer
        2 Rue de Fosse
        Luxembourg
        L-1536
privacy@kobobooks.com


        We will notify applicants of complaints or complaints about our procedures to follow in the event of an application or complaint, if any. If a complaint is found to be justified, We will take appropriate action, including, if necessary, modifying our policies and practices.
    

Effective Date of this Privacy Policy
        This Privacy Policy has been in effect since December 15, 2009 and is last updated as of July 1, 2014.
    

Changes to this Privacy Policy 
        This policy is subject to PIPEDA and / or any other applicable privacy legislation, and we reserve the right to periodically change this policy at our sole discretion. If we make substantial changes to this policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Kobo website. Changes to this policy will become effective once posted on the Kobo website. If you continue to use the Kobo Service after posting any changes to this policy, it will be your acceptance of such changes.
    
