
Privacy PolicyEffective date Sept. 15, 2017OverviewThe Purdue Student Publishing Foundation owns and operates a Web site known asThe Purdue Exponent online ("our site"). The privacy practices of this statementapply to our services available and operated under the domain(s) and/orsubdomain(s) of www.purdueexponent.org , www.purdueexponent.com andwww.exponenthousing.com. By visiting our site you agree to be bound by the termsand conditions of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, do not use or access oursite. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information our site gathers aboutvisitors and the ways in which we use and don't use that information.By accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy through accessing the servicesprovided, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personalinformation in accordance with this Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to amend or modify our Privacy Policy at any time in thefuture, in which case we will post a revised Privacy Policy on our site and update theEffective Date to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use our site afterwe post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified. Therefore, youshould check periodically for an updated policy. All amended terms areautomatically effective once they are posted on our site.This Privacy Policy applies to The Purdue Exponent online and any subdomainsdescribed above and does not cover any other activities or services, including printpublishing, undertaken by The Purdue Exponent.Information that is automatically gatheredDuring normal Web browsing, our site automatically logs information based on yourbehavior on the site, which may include:(1.) The URL that you just came from and to which URL you go next.(2.) Your Internet Protocol (IP) address.(3.) The date, time and length of time of your visit.(4.) Any page you visited.(5.) Your computer operating system and browser type and version (if provided bythe browser).(6.) Search words you use to search our site.The information collected does not identify you by name or any other personallyidentifiable fact. The information is used in aggregate form for internal reportingand marketing purposes. For example, we publicly release how many visitors oursite receives on a monthly basis.The Purdue Exponent reserves the right to use client- or server-based cookies or"Web beacons" to track activity on our site and enhance traffic statisticalinformation. However, companies that display ads or provide services on our sitemay use cookies or other tracking mechanisms. Their use of these technologies isgoverned by their privacy policies. "Cookies" are small files placed on your harddrive that assist the service provider in developing and providing its services.The Purdue Exponent occasionally offers services provided by external third partiesto provide linked services for visitors of Web sites operated by The PurdueExponent. The privacy policy of the external third party applies, not our PrivacyPolicy. If you visit one of these linked sites or a Collegian Web page that uses anexternal organization's services, you should first review that organization's privacypolicy and its other policies.The Purdue Exponent is not responsible in any way for the content or policies ofother organizations, and cannot protect information you provide directly to a linkedsite or service.The Purdue Exponent cannot protect you from unlawful interception by thirdparties.The Purdue Exponent reserves the right to and may add, change and/or deleteadditional third-party providers for The Purdue Exponent from time to time at anytime without notice.Information provided by usersThe Purdue Exponent does not require any type of registration for normal browsing.However, we do sometimes request personal information for specific purposes, suchas verifying a letter to the editor or posting a comment alongside our content.When we do collect personal information, The Purdue Exponent will use it only forthe purpose for which we requested it. We do not sell or distribute personallyidentifiable information to third parties except where required by law. The PurdueExponent will cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, investigations, andrequests and disclose any information, with or without a subpoena, that is needed tosatisfy any law, regulation or legal request or assist in any investigation of a lawenforcement agency.Our site is not directed to children younger than the age of 13 years, and we do notknowingly collect or distribute information from or about children younger than theage of 13 years.Your California privacy rightsThe California Civil Code gives California residents the right to request fromcompanies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which thecompany disclosed personal information during the preceding year for directmarketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if a company has a privacypolicy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of your personalinformation by third parties for marketing purposes, the company may insteadprovide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure options.The Purdue Exponent does not disclose personal information to third parties fordirect marketing purposes. Thus, we are not required to maintain or disclose a listof the third parties that received your personal information for marketing purposesduring the preceding calendar year.– Adapted, by permission, from The Daily Collegian Online.
