INTRODUCTION
This User Agreement and Privacy Policy governs each website, mobile site, application, and/or other service, regardless of how distributed, transmitted, published, or broadcast (each, a "Service") provided by Advance Publications, Inc., its parent, subsidiaries and/or affiliates ("we," "us," or "our") that links to this User Agreement and Privacy Policy, which is binding on all those who access, visit and/or use the Service, whether acting as an individual or on behalf of an entity, including you and all persons, entities, or digital engines of any kind that harvest, crawl, index, scrape, spider, or mine digital content by an automated or manual process or otherwise (collectively, "you" or "your").
Please read this User Agreement and Privacy Policy carefully. You can access this User Agreement and Privacy Policy any time in the footer of the Service's home page or initial screen. Your access, visitation and/or use of the Service, including without limitation any registration on any aspect of the Service, will constitute your agreement to this User Agreement and Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you may not access, visit and/or use the Service.
The User Agreement and Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page, so check back often. Continued access of the Service by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the User Agreement and Privacy Policy. 

If you breach, violate, fail to follow, or act inconsistently with the rules, restrictions, limitations, terms and/or conditions that apply to the Service, whether listed in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy, posted at various points in the Service, or otherwise communicated to users of the Service (collectively, the "Agreement"), we may terminate, discontinue, suspend, and/or restrict your account/profile, your ability to access, visit, and/or use the Service or any portion thereof, and/or the Agreement, including without limitation any of our purported obligations hereunder, with or without notice, in addition to our other remedies.  In addition, we may curtail, restrict, or refuse to provide you with any future access, visitation, and/or use of the Service.  We reserve the right, in addition to our other remedies, to take any technical, legal, and/or other action(s) that we deem necessary and/or appropriate, with or without notice, to prevent violations and enforce the Agreement and remediate any purported violations.  You acknowledge and agree that we have the right hereunder to an injunction without posting a bond to stop or prevent a breach or violation of your obligations under the Agreement.
In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this User Agreement and Privacy Policy, and any rules, restrictions, limitations, terms and/or conditions that may be posted at various points in the Service or otherwise communicated to users of the Service, we shall determine which rules, restrictions, limitations, terms and/or conditions shall control and prevail in our sole discretion, and you specifically waive any right to challenge or dispute such determination.
Among other things, the Agreement governs all text, articles, photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, creative, copy, artwork, video, audio, music, podcasts, ringtones, games, trademarks, trade names, service marks, and other brand identifiers, designs, plans, software, source and object code, algorithms, data, statistics, analysis, formulas, indexes, registries, repositories, and all other content, information, and materials (collectively, "Content") available on or through the Service, whether posted, uploaded, transmitted, sent or otherwise made available by us, our licensors, vendors, and/or service providers, or by you, and/or other users or third parties, including any such Content uploaded manually or bookmarked by you and/or other users.

