
 
Privacy Policy
Bilara.com and associated companies and affiliated companies 
					hereinafter to be collectively referred to as Bilara.com 
					hereinafter to be collectively called "the Site", is 
					committed to providing a secure experience and safeguarding 
					your personal information. By using or navigating around the 
					Site or utilizing any of the services we provide here, you 
					acknowledge that you have read and understand and agree to 
					be bound by this Privacy Statement.
Contact Information: Some areas of our Site request or 
					require you to provide your contact information (such as 
					your name and email address). Your contact information may 
					be used to communicate with you when necessary with respect 
					to transactions conducted through the Site and material 
					changes in the Site's policies. We may also send you 
					information about Bilara.com and it's content. We will not 
					sell, share or rent any contact information collected from 
					you except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement. All 
					contact information provided to the Site is maintained on 
					our secure servers.
Financial Information: We or the third party billing 
					companies acting as our authorized resellers collect 
					financial information (such as your credit card information) 
					on an as-needed basis to bill you for products and services 
					you purchase through the Site and to fulfill your orders. If 
					we have trouble processing an order, the contact information 
					discussed above will be used to get in touch with you. We 
					will not sell, share or rent any financial information 
					collected from you except as necessary to fulfill your 
					order. All financial information provided to the Site is 
					maintained on our secure servers and similar rules are 
					applied to our third party authorized resellers.
Third Party Service Providers: We sometimes use third party 
					vendors and service providers to manage certain aspects of 
					the services we provide, such as maintaining our servers and 
					processing or fulfilling orders for products and services 
					you purchase through the Site. We generally require that 
					such third party service providers agree to safeguard your 
					information with at least the same level of protection as 
					afforded by our Privacy Policy.
Third Party Links: The Site contains links to other World 
					Wide Web Internet sites and resources. Selection of an ad 
					banner or link will redirect you off of the Site to a third 
					party Web site. Bilara.com is not responsible for the 
					privacy practices of such sites. You should make sure that 
					you read and understand the privacy policies of these sites 
					and direct any concerns regarding any external link to the 
					site administrator or Webmaster of that third party Web 
					site.
		

