 OUR COMMITMENT Ministry of Finance and Economic Development is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. We recognize our obligation to keep sensitive information secure and have created this privacy and security statement to share and explain the current information management practices on our websites. The handling of all personal information by Ministry of Health departments and entities is governed by the Ethiopia privacy and security acts. We are committed to protecting your privacy whether you are browsing for information or conducting business with the ministry electronically. COLLECTION AND USE OF ONLINE INFORMATION When you visit our websites, we will not collect your personal information unless you choose to use and receive online products and services that require it. For transactions with government organizations involving credit cards, government systems use up-to-date security protocols to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of information and systems. COLLECTION OF IP ADDRESS Our web server automatically collects your IP address when you visit our site (your IP address is your computer's unique address that lets other computers attached to the Internet know where to send data, but does not identify you individually). We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to compile statistics on site usage. USE OF COOKIES Some Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Web sites use cookies. Cookies are generally used to make it more convenient for users to move around our Web sites. If you choose, they may be used to 'remember' your password and make it easier and faster to log-in to certain sites. These types of cookies need to be stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies used by the ministry are encrypted to make the information in cookies unreadable to anyone except the ministry department with which you are dealing. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Your personal information is available only to the ministry employees who have a need to know it. It will not be available for public inspection without your consent. Also, no site user information will be shared, sold, or transferred to any third party without your prior consent. Access is given only to those qualified professionals who provide Ministry of Health services consistent with your interactions with our site. IMPORTANT NOTICE Some of our Web sites link to other sites created and maintained by other public and/or private sector organizations. We provide these links solely for your information and convenience. When you link to an outside Web site, you are leaving Ministry of Health Web site and our information management policies no longer apply.  