

                              TimoCom
                              Data protection
                            

	Visiting the TimoCom website can result in the storage of access information (IP address, date,
	time, page viewed).
	

	These data do not count as personal data but are anonymized. They are evaluated solely for
	statistical purposes and system security.
	They are not disclosed to third parties for commercial or non commercial purposes. Data are only
	divulged to state agencies if prescribed by law.
	Data can also be stored on the user's computer, so-called "cookies". They serve to simplify access
	for the user and to tailor TimoCom's offering
	to the user's interests. The user is however able to deactivate this function within his browser.
	In this case, however, there may be restrictions
	on the website's usability.
	

	Personal data are used for contract handling and customer relationship maintenance where the user
	voluntarily enters these data on our website.
	Upon written enquiry the user can be informed which of his personal data (e.g. name, address) we
	are holding on him.
	

	TimoCom expressly points out that data transmission via the Internet (e.g. when communicating by
	e-mail) is subject to security flaws and cannot
	be fully protected against third party access.
	

	TimoCom employs technical and organisational security measures to protect the user's data that it
	is managing against manipulation, loss,
	destruction and access by unauthorised individuals. The security measures are constantly being
	improved in line with technological developments.
	

	The use of the contact data on the provider's qualifier - in particular the telephone and fax
	numbers and e-mail address - for business advertising
	is expressly not desired without TimoCom's prior written consent or unless there is a pre-existing
	business relationship. TimoCom and all the named
	individuals on this website hereby object to any commercial use and dissemination of their data.
	

	This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google").
	Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text
	files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information
	generated by the cookie about your use of the
	website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the
	United States.
	Please note that Google Analytics on this website was extended by the code "_anonymizelp" to ensure
	anonymous collection of your IP address (so-called IP masking).
	Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling
	reports on website activity for website operators
	and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also
	transfer this information to third parties where
	required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
	Google will not associate your IP address
	with any other data held by Google.
	You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however
	please note that if you do this you may not be able
	to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing
	of data about you by Google in the manner and
	for the purposes set out above.
	

	If you do not agree to having your data analysed by Google Analytics, you can easily deactivate
	this service. To do so, click on the following link:
	
		http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
	


	Find more detailed information on terms and conditions as well as data protection at
	
		http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html
	.
	

	Alternative to the browser-add-on or within the browsers on mobile devices, please click
	
		on this link
	
	to prevent future acquisition of data by Google Analytics within this website (the opt-out only
	works with the browser and for this domain).
	An opt-out cookie will be stored on your device for this purpose. If the cookies are deleted from
	this browser, you must click on this link again.
	
		Your data will not be stored by Google Analytics.
	

	This website uses the +1 button of the social network Google Plus which is run by Google Inc., 1600
	Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043,
	USA ("Google"). The button can be identified by a "+1" icon on a white or
	coloured background. If you go to one of our website's
	pages which contains such a button, your browser creates a direct connection to Google's servers.
	Google then transfers the content of the +1 button
	directly to your browser and thereby links it to the webpage. Consequently, we have no impact on
	the data volume that Google collects with this button.
	However, we assume that your IP address is recorded. For the purpose and volume of the data
	collection and the further processing and use of the data
	by Google as well as your rights and setting options concerning your privacy, please see Google's
	
	If you're a Google Plus member and do not want Google to use your data via our website and to link
	that to your member information saved in Google,
	you have to log out of Google Plus before visiting our website. If you have questions on the
	privacy statement with regard to the use of Google's +1 button,
	see further information
	

Bing Ads
	We also use the online advertising programme Bing Ads. When you click on our ad with Microsoft (Bing/Yahoo) a cookie is set for conversion tracking.
	

	For more information please read 


	(2) Applicable law

This website uses the +1 button of the social network Google Plus which is run by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). The button can be identified by a "+1" icon on a white or coloured background. If you go to one of our website's pages which contains such a button, your browser creates a direct connection to Google's servers. Google then transfers the content of the +1 button directly to your browser and thereby links it to the webpage. Consequently, we have no impact on the data volume that Google collects with this button. However, we assume that your IP address is recorded. For the purpose and volume of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Google as well as your rights and setting options concerning your privacy, please see Google's 
		privacy statements
	 on the +1 button.If you're a Google Plus member and do not want Google to use your data via our website and to link that to your member information saved in Google, you have to log out of Google Plus before visiting our website. If you have questions on the privacy statement with regard to the use of Google's +1 button, see further information 
		here
	 : Data Protection when using the +1 button.We also use the online advertising programme Bing Ads. When you click on our ad with Microsoft (Bing/Yahoo) a cookie is set for conversion tracking.For more information please read Microsoft Dataprotection guidelines 
	The relevant laws of the Federal Republic of Germany alone shall apply.




	(3) Particular conditions of use


	Where particular conditions applying to individual uses of this website diverge from points (1) to
	(2) inclusive mentioned above, this will be
	explicitly stated at the appropriate point. In this case the particular conditions of use will
	apply in the specific instance in question.
