

                              TIMOCOM
                              Data protection
                            

    Visiting the TIMOCOM website can result in the storage of access information (IP address, date, time, page viewed).
    
 These data do not count as personal data but are anonymized. They are evaluated solely for statistical purposes and system security. They are not disclosed to third parties for commercial or non commercial purposes. Data are only divulged to state agencies if prescribed by law. Data can also be stored on the user's computer, so-called "cookies". They serve to simplify access for the user and to tailor TIMOCOM's offering to the user's interests. The user is however able to deactivate this function within his browser. In this case, however, there may be restrictions on the website's usability.
    
 Personal data are used for contract handling and customer relationship maintenance where the user voluntarily enters these data on our website. Upon written enquiry the user can be informed which of his personal data (e.g. name, address) we are holding on him.
    
 TIMOCOM expressly points out that data transmission via the Internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) is subject to security flaws and cannot be fully protected against third party access.
    
 TIMOCOM employs technical and organisational security measures to protect the user's data that it is managing against manipulation, loss, destruction and access by unauthorised individuals. The security measures are constantly being improved in line with technological developments.
    
 The use of the contact data on the provider's qualifier - in particular the telephone and fax numbers and e-mail address - for business advertising is expressly not desired without TIMOCOM's prior written consent or unless there is a pre-existing business relationship. TIMOCOM and all the named individuals on this website hereby object to any commercial use and dissemination of their data.
    
 This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Please note that Google Analytics on this website was extended by the code "_anonymizelp" to ensure anonymous collection of your IP address (so-called IP masking). Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
    
 If you do not agree to having your data analysed by Google Analytics, you can easily deactivate this service. To do so, click on the following link:
    
        http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
    

 Find more detailed information on terms and conditions as well as data protection at
    
        http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html
    .
    
 Alternative to the browser-add-on or within the browsers on mobile devices, please click
    
        on this link
     to prevent future acquisition of data by Google Analytics within this website (the opt-out only works with the browser and for this domain). An opt-out cookie will be stored on your device for this purpose. If the cookies are deleted from this browser, you must click on this link again.
    
        Your data will not be stored by Google Analytics.
    

 This website uses the +1 button of the social network Google Plus which is run by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). The button can be identified by a "+1" icon on a white or coloured background. If you go to one of our website's pages which contains such a button, your browser creates a direct connection to Google's servers. Google then transfers the content of the +1 button directly to your browser and thereby links it to the webpage. Consequently, we have no impact on the data volume that Google collects with this button. However, we assume that your IP address is recorded. For the purpose and volume of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Google as well as your rights and setting options concerning your privacy, please see Google's
     If you're a Google Plus member and do not want Google to use your data via our website and to link that to your member information saved in Google, you have to log out of Google Plus before visiting our website. If you have questions on the privacy statement with regard to the use of Google's +1 button, see further information
    
On this website, data is collected and saved for marketing and optimisation purposes using etracker GmbH (Please do not include me in the etracker census.


Bing Ads
We also use the online advertising programme Bing Ads. When you click on our ad with Microsoft (Bing/Yahoo) a cookie is set for conversion tracking.
    
 For more information please read 

(2) Newsletter signup:
This website uses the +1 button of the social network Google Plus which is run by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). The button can be identified by a "+1" icon on a white or coloured background. If you go to one of our website's pages which contains such a button, your browser creates a direct connection to Google's servers. Google then transfers the content of the +1 button directly to your browser and thereby links it to the webpage. Consequently, we have no impact on the data volume that Google collects with this button. However, we assume that your IP address is recorded. For the purpose and volume of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Google as well as your rights and setting options concerning your privacy, please see Google's 
        privacy statements
     on the +1 button.If you're a Google Plus member and do not want Google to use your data via our website and to link that to your member information saved in Google, you have to log out of Google Plus before visiting our website. If you have questions on the privacy statement with regard to the use of Google's +1 button, see further information 
        here
     : Data Protection when using the +1 button.On this website, data is collected and saved for marketing and optimisation purposes using etracker GmbH ( www.etracker.com ) technology. This data can be used to create a user profile under a pseudonym. This may involve the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files that are saved locally in the cache of the visitor's internet browser. Cookies allow the internet browser to be recognised on return to the site. The data compiled with the etracker technology will not be used to personally identify visitors to this website and will not be merged with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym without the express permission from the respective individual. Data collection and storage can be revoked at any time effective for the future.We also use the online advertising programme Bing Ads. When you click on our ad with Microsoft (Bing/Yahoo) a cookie is set for conversion tracking.For more information please read Microsoft Dataprotection guidelines 
    Your personal data (email adress, surname and name) will be forwarded by TIMOCOM GmbH to the Database of SC-Networks GmbH (Registergericht: Amtsgericht München, Registernummer: HRB 14 65 73), Enzianstr. 2 in 82319 Starnberg for sending further information only. The SC-Networks GmbH subjects the Federal Data Protection Act and follows instructions of TIMOCOM GmbH.
    

Unsubscribe
 Users who do not wish to receive further newsletter or advertorial emails please click on "unsubscribe newsletter" which is to find in all sent emails.



(3) Applicable law

    The relevant laws of the Federal Republic of Germany alone shall apply.



(4) Particular conditions of use

    Where particular conditions applying to individual uses of this website diverge from points (1) to (2) inclusive mentioned above, this will be explicitly stated at the appropriate point. In this case the particular conditions of use will apply in the specific instance in question.



(5) Facebook Remarketing / Retargeting

    Furthermore, this website uses Facebook Custom Audiences from the Facebook social network, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. This Facebook pixel marks you, in an anonymised form, as a visitor to our website. If you then log into Facebook, we can use this information to provide advertisements on Facebook to target groups. We, the operators of this website, do not receive any personalised data regarding you as a user, or regarding your data on Facebook. You can find more information in Facebook’s privacy statement https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. As a visitor to our website, you can deactivate Facebook Custom Audiences here.    



(6) LinkedIn

   We use Analysis and Conversion Tracking technology from LinkedIn on our website. Using this LinkedIn technology, we are able to show you advertisements that are more relevant to you and based on your interests. In addition, we receive aggregated and anonymous reports from LinkedIn regarding advertisement activities, and information on how you interact with our website. You can find more information on data protection at LinkedIn here: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy#choices-oblig. You can opt out of the analysis of your user behaviour via LinkedIn as well as the display of interest-based recommendations; to do this, click on “Opt Out on LinkedIn” (for LinkedIn members) or “Opt Out” (for other users) on the following site: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.

