Contact and other Personal Information. When you visit, use and/or access MGM Resorts or MGM Online Services, you might provide us with, (and/or we may collect) contact and other Personal Information such as your name, date of birth, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number, and videos, recordings, and images of you.  We may also obtain such information from third parties.
Employment Application Information. If you apply for a job with us, we might ask for certain information about you including, for example, your work and education history, and your profile/résumé.
Vehicle Information. When you park at MGM Resorts we may collect information about the vehicle you park including an image of the vehicle, the vehicle's make, model, and license plate number.  For example, we collect license plate information through technology known as “Automatic License Plate Recognition” (which captures the images of a vehicle license plates and related information such as time/date of image capture) for various safety, security and fraud prevention purposes, among others.
Purchase and Transaction Information. When you visit, use and/or access MGM Resorts or MGM Online Services, we might collect information about your purchases, reservations, and gaming activity (in jurisdictions where gaming is permitted).
Sensitive Information. When you make a purchase, visit, use and/or access MGM Resorts or MGM Online Services, or engage in other transactions or activities, you might provide us with your credit or debit card number, financial account number, biometrics, driver’s license number, government-issued identification card number, social security number, passport number, or naturalization number (“Sensitive Information”).
Wi-Fi and Location Information. When you use Wi-Fi services we make available at MGM Resorts, we might collect information (directly or through third parties) about the websites you visit, the type of device and browser you are using, your device identification number, your precise physical location, bandwidth used, session time, etc.  Even if you choose not to use Wi-Fi services we make available at MGM Resorts, we may still collect information concerning the precise physical location of your mobile device within and around MGM Resorts for non-marketing purposes.  With notice or your consent (and regardless of whether you use Wi-Fi service we make available at MGM Resorts), we might also collect information about the precise physical location of your mobile device within and around MGM Resorts for marketing purposes.
