Disabling Cookies: Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Site visitors who disable their web browsers’ ability to accept cookies will be able to browse the Site; however, you must enable cookies in order to use our services.Flash LSOs: We may use local shared objects, such as HTML5 or Flash also known as Flash cookies, to store your Site preferences, to personalize your visit, or to display content based upon what you view on our Site. Third Parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. We do not have access to or control over these third party cookies nor does this Privacy Policy cover such third parties’ use of data. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot typically control, delete, or disable the acceptance of Flash cookies through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel.” Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.Third Party Analytics and Tracking. We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us improve our Services, performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. We do not share your personal information with these third parties. We have no access or control over these types of analytics and tracking. Our privacy policy does not cover these analytics and tracking.As is true of most web sites, we also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. Some of this information may be appended to other information we may have collected about you. 