iContact and our partners, such as marketing service providers, partners, vendors, affiliates, or analytics or service providers use cookies and similar tracking technologies. These technologies are used to tailoring offers, promotions and content and in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
When you interact with the Site, we strive to make your experience easy and meaningful. We may use or engage others to use cookies clear gifs and Flash LSOs to track user activity and collect Site Data. In addition, we may combine the Site Data we collect with the other data we collect.
Cookies: When you come to the Site, our web server sends a cookie to your computer. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. There are two types of cookies: session-based and persistent-based cookies. In addition, we may permit certain third parties to place cookies through our website.

Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. iContact uses session cookies to allow the system to uniquely identify you while you are logged in to the Site. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests, and to verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Site.
Persistent cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. iContact uses persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity, to identify the fact that you are an iContact customer or prior Site visitor, and to display advertising, both on our Site and on third-party sites.
Disabling Cookies: Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Site visitors who disable their web browsers’ ability to accept cookies will be able to browse the Site; however, you must enable cookies in order to use our services.

Flash LSOs: We may use local shared objects, such as HTML5 or Flash also known as Flash cookies, to store your Site preferences, to personalize your visit, or to display content based upon what you view on our Site. Third Parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. We do not have access to or control over these third party cookies nor does this Privacy Policy cover such third parties’ use of data. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot typically control, delete, or disable the acceptance of Flash cookies through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel.” Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
Third Party Analytics and Tracking. We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us improve our Services, performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. We do not share your personal information with these third parties. We have no access or control over these types of analytics and tracking. Our privacy policy does not cover these analytics and tracking.
As is true of most web sites, we also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. Some of this information may be appended to other information we may have collected about you.
