Referrals. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. iContact does store this referral email address for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email, and we may use a third party to track the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at customercare@icontact.com to request that we remove this information from our database.Import Contacts. iContact offers a variety of means to import contacts. One-at-a-time import provides the user with the ability to add a single contact and to fill out that contact’s information, one field at a time. A user also is able to upload a single contact in the form of a .vcf ( VCard) file, which can be retrieved from an email client, such as Microsoft Outlook. Bulk contact upload can be done in two different ways. If a user is simply adding email addresses, they can copy and paste them from a program, such as Notepad. Alternatively, if a user wants to upload many contacts with various amounts of subscriber data, iContact supports the upload of both .xls and .csv files. The imported contact information will only be used for the sole purpose of utilizing the iContact services. Single Sign-On. With certain social media sites, you can choose to log in to our site using single sign-on. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal data with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. These services may give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.Social Media Widgets. Our Web site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.The majority of our customers are businesses; however, some the information we collect about customers and potential customers may identify or relate to an individual, rather than a business. We will use such data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For example, we may send marketing communications to our customers and potential customers, and we may also allow our affiliated companies to send marketing communications to our customers and potential customers; you may opt out of receiving marketing communications from us and from our affiliated companies by emailing us at customercare@icontact.com.We may also receive personal data about individual Customer Message Recipients (defined above), from or on behalf of iContact’s customers. We process personal data about Customer Message Recipients only on behalf of and under the direction of our customers, and the collection, use and disclosure of such data is subject to the customer’s privacy policy, not this one. 