Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy regulates the use by Meech of the information which you provide when using our website.  Please refer to our legal notice.
 
References in this legal notice and on the website to “Meech” are references to Meech Static Eliminators Limited.   Meech is committed to the online privacy of its visitors.
 ConsentYou signify your consent to our collecting and using your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy by using this website and registering with the email alert service.  Please note that this Privacy Policy may be amended and updated from time to time.  You can find an up-to-date copy of this Privacy Statement on our website.
 Information which we may collect
 
Browsing of our website and most other services provided through our website do not require any personal information.  Meech does, however, require that subscribers to our RSS feed supply some personal information. .  .  We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the website which linked you to our website.   You cannot be identified from this information and its only use is to assist us in providing an effective service on this website.
Who we share the information with, and your choices.
 
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law.  Upon request Meech will remove any subscriber (and related personal, information) from our database.  .  We reserve the right to access and disclose personal information in accordance with any applicable laws, court orders, lawful government requests and to operate the Meech web systems properly or to protect Meech or its users.
Cookies
 
A cookie is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive.  Once you agree (or your browser agrees automatically, if you have set it up that way) your browser adds that text in a small file on to your computer’s hard drive.   We use cookies to identify which web page you are using (“traffic log cookies”).  This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our web site in order to tailor it to customer’s needs.   We only use this information for statistical analysis and once this is complete, the data is removed from our system.  Denial of a traffic log cookie may prevent you from using our website.
 
Links
 
This website may contain links to other websites.  Please be aware that Meech is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites and accordingly assumes no responsibility whatsoever in respect of such websites.
 
