
Privacy and Security
 
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was posted on March 23, 2016.
At Fossil ("Fossil", "we", “us”, or “our”), we respect and protect your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy describes

what information we collect in any Fossil stores, Fossil websites, through any Fossil mobile application (except for the Fossil Q App) or through any service provider,
for which purposes we use Personal Information we collect and
your rights regarding your Personal Information.

“Personal Information” is information through which you can be directly or indirectly identified, e.g. your name, your e-mail address and items you purchased (provided we can connect them to your e-mail/customer account).
 
WHEN DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We receive Personal Information from or about you depending on the nature of your activities, especially in the following cases:
Sign-up/Registering: We store the information that you provide to us, such as when

you create an account at our website (including e-mail, name, date of birth and additional information you may voluntarily provide us for example your general interests, items you register that you previously purchased in stores or when you create a wish list).
you give us your e-mail address in our stores to receive an electronic receipt for your purchase.
you share any pictures/materials with us for publication on social media.
you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us.

Transactions: We collect details of purchases on our website or in Fossil stores (date, price and products purchased) as well as when you return or exchange a product or when you send us your product for warranty or repair service and any communication in connection with this.
Visiting our website/Using e-mails: We store details of your visits to the websites (such as pages visited, browser details, your IP address) and your interactions with any e-mails that we send to you. For more information, see our Cookies Section.
 
What Do We use Personal Information For?
Transactions/Provision of services:

We use your Personal Information to process your purchases, send you confirmations or electronic receipts (if you requested this), screen transactions for fraudulent behavior, and handle any returns, repairs to exchanges of your products and for any related communications.
We use your Personal Information to administer your website accounts such as to enable you to access your shopping bag, to see products you saved for later, products you registered (which may earn you points to redeem at stores) or to show you other products that may interest you.
When you enter a sweepstake/contest, we process your Personal Information to enable your participation.

Analytics: We may combine and use Personal Information to help us learn more about our users’ shopping preferences, to be able to tailor our offers and websites according to your interests and preferences, to help us address problems with and improve our site design, products and services, to analyze trends and statistics and to present content in the clearest and most friendly manner for you.
Marketing: We may contact you for direct marketing purposes per e-mail, text message or mail unless you have opted-out from receiving further direct marketing messages (see below for your opt-out options),
Securing our assets: We may also use Personal Information to protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business.
Other: We may use and collect Personal Information for any purpose associated with or related to the above purposes.
 


COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
Fossil uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags for purposes described below. Cookies are small files which are sent from the website and then stored on the hard drive of your device. Pixel tags, also called web beacons are clear image (i.e. non-visible) files that may be placed on a website/in an e-mail and which request information from your device such as your browser type (also referred to as "Cookies" hereafter).
Fossil may permit third parties to collect user Personal Information over time or across third-party websites, and we may permit third parties to gather Personal Information passively on the Fossil websites for behavioral advertising purposes.
You can control many tracking tools, including cookies, from your browser. In particular, you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Fossil websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Fossil websites.
Additionally, some Internet browsers have a ‘do not track’ feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These features are not yet uniform, so we are currently not set up to respond to such signals. 
 
TYPES OF COOKIES
We use session Cookies that expire at the end of a browser session (from when a user opens the browser window to when they exit the browser) and persistent Cookies which remain on your hard drive until you erase them or they expire. How long a persistent Cookie remains on your browser depends on how long the visited website has programmed the Cookie to last or they can be stored for longer.
We use Cookies for different purposes, which can be categorized as follows:

Functional Cookies: These Cookies are required for the website to function and for you to use our services. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log in, use a wish list or store products in a shopping cart.
Analytical Cookies: These Cookies analyze how users navigate around the website (pages visited, links used etc.) or use e-mails we sent to users. They enable us to better understand interests of users and to improve our website and services. We currently use Google Analytics and Clickstream for such analytical purposes. If you want to opt-out from Google Analytics you can use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Third party advertising: We use third-party service providers to display advertisements (banners or links) on our behalf across the internet. These advertising service providers may collect information about your visits to our website and your interactions with our products and services, as well as your visits to other websites. Such information does not include your name, address, e-mail address but may contain browser-related information. 

 
DISCLOSURE/SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Fossil will not provide Personal Information to any third party without obtaining your prior consent except for the following cases:

We may involve other companies for the purposes described in this Policy. These other companies might be members of the Fossil group or other third party providers, which may be based in other jurisdictions than your country of residence. Third party providers perform various different services in support of our websites and our business such as administrative, computer, technology outsourcing, data processing and marketing services. In these instances, we will need to share your Personal Information with these companies. Where we engage service providers that use Personal Information on behalf of Fossil we will use reasonable measures to contractually ensure that Personal Information is only used for the purposes of Fossil.
Fossil may share your Personal Information where necessary in order to comply with any legal obligation, to protect and defend Fossil, its subsidiaries and affiliates and all of their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements.
Occasionally we may also share your Personal Information with select third parties so that they can send you promotional materials about goods and services offered by them. We may also occasionally share your Personal Information with organizations that combine the Personal Information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our marketing partners and other third parties. We use that combined information to enhance your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products, to inform you of events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.
Fossil reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to a third party in the event of a transfer of all or some of Fossil's assets to a third party, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to terms similar to those of this Privacy Policy.

Fossil may disclose aggregated, non-personal information about website users without restriction.
 
RETENTION PERIOD
Fossil will keep your Personal Information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above or as long as we are required by law. After this your Personal Information will be deleted. We cannot remove your Personal Information when there is a legal storage requirement, such as accounting rules or when there are other legal grounds to keep the data, such as an ongoing contractual relationship.
 
SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. Accordingly, while no set of privacy and security standards or safeguards is 100% secure, we take steps to ensure any information that you share with us is kept secure and strictly confidential in accordance with this policy. We take various precautions to protect information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, alteration, destruction or similar risks.
 
LINKS TO OTHER MATERIALS
If you are offered a link to connect to a third-party website, it is for the convenience of our website visitors. Sites linked to and from this website are not necessarily under the control of Fossil and Fossil has no responsibility for the content or privacy practices of any such linked site or service. We recommend that you read the privacy policies of those third parties to see how your information is handled.
 
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with Fossil may make a written request to Fossil about how we have shared their personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the prior calendar year. In response to a written request, Fossil is allowed to provide a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing.
Fossil has opted to provide you with a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing. If you do not want Fossil to disclose information to other companies for their marketing purposes, please follow the opt out procedures set forth below.
You may also send an email to CorporateCompliance@fossil.com instructing us to no longer share your personal information with third parties who will use it for direct marketing purposes. Please also include your name and all of the postal addresses and email addresses that you have provided to us.
 
OPT OUT PROCEDURES
With regard to Personal Information that you have provided or that has been collected under this Privacy Policy, you may opt out of uses for direct marketing purposes, such as correspondence from us about our products and promotions or the sharing by us of your Personal Information with select third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may opt-out by sending an e-mail to CorporateCompliance@fossil.com, calling 1 (800) 449-3056 or use any other options we may offer. Your opt-out choices do not apply to (i) any communication which is not promotional in nature, (ii) sharing and use by Fossil of your Personal Information with service providers used by Fossil to enhance your experience on our websites and (iii) to allow Fossil to provide you with more personalized advertising across the internet.
If you do not exercise your opt-out or "do not share" choices upon registration on one of our websites, it may take up to ninety (90) days for your opt-out choices to be fully effective.
 
CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT ("COPPA")
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from our Website about children under the age of 13. We request that persons under the age of 13 not use our Website without supervision from a responsible adult. We will never request Personal Information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has sent Personal Information to us without prior parental consent, we will remove his or her Personal Information from our files.
 
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
This website gives you the ability to view and change the Personal Information you provided to us within the My Account section of the website. You may access information we hold about you, request a correction where data is incorrect or a deletion of your data, unless we have to keep your data for legal reasons. For any inquiries please contact us at CorporateCompliance@fossil.com or our help desk under 1 (800) 449-3056.
By using this website or our products and services, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
 
SAFE HARBOR
Fossil complies with the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Fossil has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Fossil's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.
The Site is operated by Fossil in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including Personal Information, may be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. By using the Fossil websites or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of your information in the United States. You are also consenting to the application of United States federal and Texas state law in all matters concerning the Site and this Privacy Policy.
 
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was posted on March 23, 2016. Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
 
HOW TO CONTACT US
Please address any questions or concerns, inquiries, complaints, requests to access or correct your Personal Information, or requests to limit the processing of your Personal Information regarding our Privacy Program or our practices concerning Personal Information to Fossil at:
Telephone Number: 1 (800) 449-3056
 
Alternatively please feel free to directly contact our US Compliance Department:
Fossil Group, Inc.
Attention: Chris King
Chief Compliance Officer
901 S. Central Expressway
Richardson, TX 75080
USA
E-mail: CorporateCompliance@fossil.com
 
 

