   5. Automatic Data Collection Tools How HPE uses Automatic Data Collection Tools. HPE web sites use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, Automatic Data Collection Tools), to remember log-in details, collect statistics to optimise site functionality, collect information on user activity in response to email communications and related to white papers, documents and other assets made available through our websites, and more generally to improve your user experience and deliver content tailored to your interests. HPE also allows third-party advertising companies to use cookies on our web sites in order to optimise our advertisements and marketing and to serve advertisements specific to your interests on other websites. HPE may use retargeting and behavioural advertising technologies, a set of practices collectively referred to as “Interest Based Advertising” to tailor those advertisements to your perceived interests. Cookies may also be used when you share information using a social media sharing button on our websites. The social network will record that you have done this and may use this information to send you targeted advertisements. The types of cookies used by these companies and how they use the information is governed by their privacy policies. When you enter your contact details on a web form on an hpe.com site, in order to subscribe to a service, download a white paper or request information about HPE’s products and service, your contact details may be stored in a cookie on your device. This information is then accessed on subsequent visits to hpe.com sites, allowing us to track and record the sites you have visited and the links you have clicked, in order to better personalize your on-line experience, and future HPE communications. If you choose to receive marketing emails or newsletters from HPE, we may track whether you’ve opened those messages and whether you’ve clicked on links contained within those messages, through the use of web beacons and personalized URLs embedded in these communications. This allows HPE to better personalize future communications and limit these communications to subjects that are of interest to you. Choices Regarding Automatic Data Collection & Online Tracking. While HPE web sites at this time do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, such as "do not track" instructions, you can generally express your privacy preferences regarding the use of most cookies and similar technologies through your web browser. You can set your browser in most instances to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. You can also generally set your browser to turn off cookies. If you are accessing our web sites in countries of the European Union (EU), or countries where the EU regulations apply, you are given the choice to accept or refuse our use of non-essential cookies (as described in the section titled ‘How HPE uses Automatic Data Collection Tools’ above) through a ‘cookie preference’ banner that appears on our web pages. The banner stops being displayed when you have made your choice, but it can be brought back on display by selecting the ‘Cookies’ link on the footer of every HPE web page. Since cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our web sites' features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. If you block, turn off or otherwise reject our cookies, some web pages may not display properly or you will not be able, for instance, to add items to your shopping cart, proceed to checkout, or use any web site services that require you to sign in. HPE participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA and DAAC) self-regulatory program for digital online advertising (see http://www.aboutads.info/  or http://youradchoices.com/  in the US and youradchoices.ca   in Canada). HPE advertisements that are targeted to you will be identified with the Ad Choices icon . If you do not want this information to be used for serving you targeted advertisements, you can click here to opt-out. This will allow you to access and update your preferences. Please note that this does not opt you out of being served non-targeted advertising. Some of our websites use Google Analytics cookies. Information collected by Google Analytics cookies will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America in accordance with its privacy practices. To see an overview of privacy at Google and how this applies to Google Analytics, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You may opt out of tracking by Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. In the USA and Canada, we participate in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op. This helps us understand how you use our websites and apps across all the devices you use and deliver tailored promotions based on your interests to those devices.  You can learn more about how Adobe does this, and how to opt-out, at https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com/.  