



Privacy Policy

Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Limited is absolutely committed to maintain the trust and confidence of visitors to the website (i.e http://www.delhimetrorail.com). DMRC will not sell, rent, publish or trade any user's personal information to any individual or agency/organisation under any circumstances.
The authorised controller of this website is Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Ltd. having its registered office at Metro Bhawan, Fire Brigade Lane, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi - 110001. The information contained in this website has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing information about DMRC in public interest.
Users may access or/and download the information or material located on www.delhimetrorail.com only for personal and non-commercial use. The unauthorized use/ illegal use of the material available on the website is strictly prohibited.
DMRC may track domain names, IP addresses and browser types of people who visit this website. This information may be used to track aggregate traffic patterns and preparations of internal audit reports. Such information is not correlated with any personal information and it is not shared with anyone or anywhere.
This site may have some links on the site which may lead to servers maintained by third parties over whom Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Ltd has no control. DMRC accepts no responsibility or liability of any sort for any of the material contained on third party servers.
DMRC's web portal uses some social media networks such as Facebook, Youtube etc. to share our information/videos for better convenience of the commuters and general public at large. DMRC do not claim any responsibility nor shall any claim stand against DMRC if any error/inconvenience occurs while browsing it or any objection put on it by these site hosting organisation/agencies at any time.
DMRC without any prior permission do not permit anyone to load/hyperlink any page of the website to any other website. DMRC also do not permit any app/blog or any social media pages to be hyperlinked to DMRC's website or any page of the website.
By accessing this website the user agrees that DMRC will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss, of any nature whatsoever, arising from the use or inability to use website and from the material contained in this website or in any link thereof. The use of the website or any incidental issue that may arise shall be strictly governed by the laws in force in India and by using this website the user submits himself/herself to the exclusively jurisdiction of the courts in Delhi/New Delhi.
The DMRC website uses cookies to allow the user to toggle between Hindi and English. The same is used to enhance the user's experience and not to collect any personal information.
The copyright of the material contained in this website exclusively belongs to and is solely vested with DMRC. The access to this website does not license the user to reproduce or transmit or store anywhere or disseminate the contents of any part thereof in any manner.
DMRC reserves its rights to change or amend its privacy policy as per the management policy norms or Government of India guidelines from time to time.
If at any time any user would like to contact www.delhimetrorail.com about the privacy policy with an aim to contribute to better quality of service of this website, then he/she may do so by emailing the Administrator at feedback@delhimetrorail.com  


