
Contact Us



  Please consider supporting us by enabling javascript or buy Our website is made possible by displaying online advertisements to our visitors.Please consider supporting us by enabling javascript or buy PlayOn and record Netflix! :)

  Please consider supporting us by disabling your ad blocker or buy Our website is made possible by displaying online advertisements to our visitors.Please consider supporting us by disabling your ad blocker or buy PlayOn and record Netflix! :)







How 
                          To Contact Us
                    
                    
                    
				        
                          Subject*:
                          
				        
                        
                          Your email:
                           
                          (Optional, if you want a reply*)
                        
                        
                          Feedback*:
                          
                        
                        
                           
                           
                          (* = required)


*We will only answer site feedback emails. We are not offering any email-support for our guides or other video related problems, use our forum for such problems instead. 
                        
	                    
                    
                      








VideoHelp.com 
                          Copyright Statement
 Everything on this website(videohelp.com) 
                      can be copied, reproduced or in any way distributed. But please mention the source address.
                      









VideoHelp.com Privacy policy and Cookies policy 
 This Privacy Policy  applies to videohelp.com and forum.videohelp.com. It does not apply to other sites to which we link.

                      VideoHelp.com may use cookies to enhance your surfing experience, but cookies will not be used under any circumstances to personally identify you without your prior consent. If the user decides to participate in the forum, with user's consent, a cookie will be issued to keep track of the username and password for the period of 1 year.

Third Party Advertising
Some ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by our Web advertising partner. Information about your visit to this site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you on this site. 

Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. 

If you have any questions, suggestions or complains about our Privacy policy please contact us.

Read more about the european cookie consent law here.
                        




