
Acceptance  of Terms
 Certain products and services may from time to time be made available to you  ("you" or "User") by Bullseye. By registering/ purchasing  any products or services through BULLSEYE website, you signify that you have read,  understood and agreed to be bound by the Terms of Sale in effect at the time of  purchase ("Terms of Sale").
  These Terms of  Sale are subject to change without prior written notice at any time, in  Company's sole discretion, and such changes shall apply to any purchases made  after such changes are posted to the Site. Therefore, you should review these  Terms of Sale prior to each registration/ purchase so you will understand the  terms applicable to such transaction. If you do not agree to these Terms of Sale,  do not make any purchases/ register. 
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SALE CAREFULLY AS THEY  CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND  OBLIGATIONS. THESE INBULLSEYEUDE VARIOUS LIMITATIONS AND EXBULLSEYEUSIONS.
Purchase  Qualifications; Account Security
To make a purchase on BULLSEYE website, you must comply with these Terms of  Sale. You acknowledge that you are responsible for maintaining the security of,  and restricting access to, your account and password, and you agree to accept  responsibility for all purchases/ registration and other activities that occur  under your account. BULLSEYE reserves the right to refuse or cancel orders at  any time in its sole discretion.
Termination
Termination by you: You may, at any point in time, choose to terminate your subscription to a service by sending us an e-mail. Such termination will not change any amounts due to us.

Termination by BULLSEYE: Breach of any of the terms of this Agreement constitutes a termination of the Agreement. Any and all amounts due under this Agreement shall survive the Term of this Agreement.

If you fail, or BULLSEYE suspects that you have failed, to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement,  Bullseye including but not limited to failure to make payment of fees due, failure to provide BULLSEYE with a valid credit card or with accurate and complete Registration Data, failure to safeguard your Account information, violation of the Usage Rules or any license to the software, or infringement or other violation of third parties' rights, BULLSEYE, after notice of 07 days to rectify such failure to you, may terminate your subscription and/or your Account if such failure on your part still continues. No refunds will be issued for early Termination.
Refund incase of incorrect purchase 
Product purchased will not be refunded or changed to another program on grounds of incorrect selection at the time of purchase.
Payment Method and Terms
We currently accept the following forms of payment: 
For offline payment: 
Demand draft in favour of "Bullseye." payable at 
For online payment:
Credit cards and certain Debit cards
Direct Debit of accounts with certain banks
Note: By submitting an order through BULLSEYE website, you authorize the Company, or its designated payment processor, to charge the account you specify for the purchase amount.
All payments are to be made in Indian Rupees.

Delivery
With respect to services purchased through the Site, you acknowledge and agree that upon making such services available to you (or to their intended authorized recipients), BULLSEYE will have fully satisfied its obligation to deliver or otherwise provide such services, regardless of any failure or inability to use such services.
Product and Service Descriptions and Availability, Errors
We attempt to be as accurate as possible and eliminate errors, however we do not warrant that any product, service or description, photograph, pricing or other information is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. In the event of an error, whether on the Site, in an order confirmation, in processing an order, delivering a product or service or otherwise, we reserve the right to correct such error and revise your order accordingly if necessary (including charging the correct price) or to cancel the order and refund any amount charged.
PERSONAL INFORMATION, PRIVACY AND DEBULLSEYEARATION
By registering/ purchasing the product/ service on BULLSEYE website, you become a Bona fide student of BULLSEYE and authorize BULLSEYE to use your name and photograph in any of its promotional communication such as newspapers, ads, leaflets etc. You will not make any claims of whatsoever nature. BULLSEYE may send you regular updates from BULLSEYE on new products, exclusive offers, institute information etc.
Your privacy is important to BULLSEYE. BULLSEYE will not make your contact details available to any third party.
Disclaimers
Products and services are provided or sold "as-is" and the company disclaims any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, including without limitation implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. The company cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of products or services. Company does not represent or warrant that products, services or any part thereof, are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free or that products or services that are downloaded from the site are free of viruses or other harmful components. Therefore, you should exercise caution in the use and downloading of any such content or materials and use industry-recognized software to detect and disinfect viruses.
Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, and supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Company.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in connection with your purchase or use of any product or services, or any violation of this Agreement or of any law or the rights of any third party.
Other
These Terms of Sale, including the Terms of Use, constitute the entire agreement between you and Company regarding purchases you make on BULLSEYE, superseding any prior agreements between you and Company relating to such purchases. The failure of Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Sale shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision in that or any other instance. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. If any provision of these Terms of Sale shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Sale and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. In the event of a conflict between these Terms of Sale and the Terms of Use, these Terms of Sale shall be controlling.
Notices
BULLSEYE may send you notice with respect to Products/Services by sending an email message to the email address listed in your contact information, by sending a letter via postal mail to the contact address listed in your contact information, or by a posting on the website. Notices shall become effective immediately.
Events beyond our reasonable control
BULLSEYE will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond its reasonable control including reasons of Force Majeure which shall include any default due to an act of God, war, or threatened war, act of terrorism or threatened act of terrorism, strike, lockout individual action, fire, flood, drought, tempest or other event beyond the control of either party.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and BULLSEYE takes no action, BULLSEYE will still be entitled to use its rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Books & Material
The books & material is given to the students in several parts. Although most of this material is available to all the students who have enrolled for the course, BULLSEYE Educate reserves the right to give some exam specific portion of the material only to a select group of students. In this case, a student can be asked to submit a copy of the hall ticket of the examination as a proof of registration before he can access the material.
Questions
If you have any questions about these terms, the practices of the  company, or your dealings with the  company, you can contact @.com or write to: 
BULLSEYE Limited,
Sector 8 Chandigarh
India

