

Information Collected by Our Servers. To make our Site more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. 


Log Files. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Site to our users’ needs. For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Site again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data. 


Cookies. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. A "cookie" is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer or mobile device [hard drive]. It allows us to recognize your computer (but not specifically who is using it) upon entering our site by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other customer information you have provided us. That customer information is stored on our secured database. Some of the cookies we use are automatically deleted from your hard drive after the end of the browser session (session cookies). We also use cookies that remain on your hard drive for a certain period of time (between one day and five years, depending on the cookie) after the browser session. When you revisit our site, it will automatically recall the country and language you selected at your last visit to our website. These "persistent cookies" are stored on your hard drive and will be deleted by the browser after the given time. You also have the option to delete these cookies at any time through your browser. We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and web beacons and collect information on our behalf or provide services such as credit card processing, shipping, promotional services, or data management. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Customer Care Partners. We use third party retargeting and remarketing features on our website. These technologies allow us to address internet users who previously visited the site by personalized advertising on our partners' websites. For this purpose, the retargeting or remarketing provider will store a cookie on your hard drive. Based on the cookie technology, anonymous user details will be stored - for example, the advertising you received from us or clicked, the products you viewed, or whether you made a purchase. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive user experience. This type of information is collected to make our Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs. Please note that your opt-out status may be maintained by placement of an "opt-out" cookie on your device. If the cookie is removed or deleted, or you upgrade to a new version of your browser, change browsers or visit us from a different device, you will need to repeat this process to indicate your preference. 


Pixel Tags. In addition, we use “Pixel Tags” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users. In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages. Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to users. We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to Personal Data. 


Flash LSOs. When we post videos, third parties may use local shared objects, known as “Flash Cookies,” to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features. Flash Cookies are different from browser Cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash Cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html. 


Google Analytics. We may use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site. Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our Site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or other personally identifying information. We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Data. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on Your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site and use Services, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Site is governed by the Google Analytics’ Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. 


Social Plugins. We use social plugins of several providers on our website in the respective standard plugin: (a) The Facebook ("Share") button of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The button is marked with the Facebook logo and the addition ("Share"), (b) The social plugin of Twitter, operated by Twitter, Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. This button is marked with the Twitter logo, and (c) The social plugin of Instagram, operated by Facebook Inc. When you access one of our websites containing any of the above plugins, the plugin provider may store a cookie in your browser. We have no control over the scope of the data collected by the provider by means of the plugin. The plugins may provide their hosts with information such as the date and time of your visit to our website(s), your IP address, or the type of browser you use. If you are logged on to your account with the plugin provider while visiting our websites, the provider may match this information and any data you enter to your user account, should you interact with the plugins. - for instance if you click the corresponding button on our website or post a comment. Your recommendations or comments may be displayed as information, together with your profile name and photograph, in the relevant provider's service - for instance in search results or in your user profile, or at other places on websites and in advertisements on the internet. Even if you are not a member of the relevant provider's service, the provider may under certain circumstances nevertheless obtain and store your IP address. For the purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of your data by the provider, as well as your related rights and opt-out possibilities to protect your privacy, please see the privacy policies of Facebook and Twitter. If you are a member of the relevant service and do not wish the service provider to collect data on you via our websites and connect them with the member data stored by the provider, you should log off your provider account before visiting our internet sites. 


