Gofar Enterprises Ltd fully respects the privacy of all our users and while we do collect information at registration and from time to time through various means such as surveys, competitions and other means, we strictly believe in respecting your right to privacy. To this end we will NEVER supply the personal details of any user to any third party unless a) you give us your explicit permission to do so, or b) we are obliged to do so by relevant authorities.


We may also disclose information to the Police where we believe it to be in the interests of the individual concerned or for the prevention or detection of crime.
Ads delivered on our site come from a variety of sources. These ads and the revenue they generate are vital for the continued existence and development of our site. Some of the ads may collect non personal information from your computer. They may collect IP addresses and/or deliver a cookie to your computer to help better target advertising campaigns. Ads are only effective when they deliver products, brands and services that are of relevance or interest to the viewer. We agree wholeheartedly with the principals of the NAI (National Advertising Initiative) and its goal of providing internet users with transparent and open explanations around the subject of internet advertising. More information and a tool for checking what cookies have been installed on your computer, as well as an easy to use opt-out tool visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/
If you have any questions at all about the advertising on this site and the issues around your privacy then please do not hesitate to get in touch with us at office@singletrackworld.com.
Also read: Classified Rules and Forum Help
Cookies
What are Cookies?
An HTTP cookie (usually just called a cookie) is a simple computer file made of text. The information stored in cookies can be used to personalise the experience when using a website. A website can use cookies to find out if someone has visited a website before and record information (data) about what they did.
What cookies does singletrackworld.com use?
Singletrackworld.com makes use of several types of cookies.
Functional cookies
This site uses functional cookies to allow you to use the site effectively. These allow you to do things like log into your account and to record whether you have Premieraccess. They are also used in the shop to allow you to add items to your order.
Statistical/Analytics cookies
We use Google analytics code on singletrackworld.com to record how many users visit our site, what they look at, how often they return and what sort of devices they are using. You can find more details here: Google Analytics Privacy Overview
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies are used to select adverts that are considered more relevant to you and therefore more effective for advertisers.  They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert, and help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Some of these are set by Singletrack and others by advertising networks, with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations, such as advertisers.
Can I choose not to accept cookies?
Of course, your browser can be set to not accept cookies. However, you should be aware that turning off cookies may disable functionality on many of the websites you visit. Typically you may not be able to log in to your accounts. In addition we need advertising revenue to keep this website running. Disabling cookies affects our ability to generate income and endangers the future of this site and the jobs of the people who work on it.
You can find information about how to manage cookies for a range of different browsers here:
AboutCookies.org – How to control cookies
Premier Partners
