
Privacy
We take privacy policy issues seriously and are committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to the Couples Resorts website. The following policy sets out how we collect and use personal and other data through our website. If you have any questions or concerns after reviewing this policy, please contact us with your questions.
Information Collection
When you browse www.couples.com and/or any web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Couples Resorts without registering for any online service, you do so anonymously. Personal information including your name, address, phone number, or e-mail address, is not collected as you browse. Couples Resorts does, however, employ "cookies" to obtain information on how our site is used. Information, such as the server on which your computer is logged onto, browser type, and whether you responded to a Couples Resorts hyperlink or e-mail, is collected and tracked in aggregate. This information is used internally to measure the response rates to hyperlinks and e-mail offers as well as overall website activity.
IP Addresses
Couples Resorts collects the IP addresses used to access our website and the dates and times of access. This information is used internally to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not personally linked to identifiable information.
Registration for Online Products & Services
In order to provide you with a particular product or service online, we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your e-mail address, for purposes such as correspondence, site registration, submitting an application or booking request, placing an order, or participating in online surveys and/or contests and enabling us to provide an online product or service to you in an efficient manner. If you are known to us as a registered user of a Couples Resorts online product or service, we may combine information about your use of www.couples.com and/or any website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Couples Resorts and the online product or service you utilize with certain other online and offline information we have about you as a Couples Resorts customer and information you have provided to us as well as information available from external sources in order to customize your online experience and present you with relevant online and offline offers and updates. We also may use a "cookie" to enable our server to recognize you as a registered Couples Resorts online service user when you re-enter our website.
Information Use
We may use information you have given us to, for example, provide a service, ensure proper booking, measure consumer interest in our various products and services and inform you about products and services. If you have provided your e-mail address to us or to a company we've partnered with to make their products and services available to you, we may send you an e-mail(s). These e-mails may be based on information you provided in your initial transaction with us, in surveys, from information that may indicate purchasing preferences and lifestyle, as well as information available from external sources. These e-mails come directly from Couples Resorts. You can opt-out from receiving e-mail from Couples Resorts as described below in the section, "Declining E-mail". When we send e-mails to you, we may be able to identify information about your e-mail address, such as whether you can read graphic-rich HTML emails. If your email address is HTML-enabled, we may choose to send you graphic-rich HTML emails. Please note that we do not provide your email address to our business partners. However, we may send you promotions on behalf of our business partners. Keep in mind that if you take advantage of an offer from a Couples Resorts business partner and become their customer, they may independently wish to send you emails. In this case, you will need to inform them separately if you wish to decline receiving future communication from them.
Declining E-mail
Couples Resorts provides customers with an easy means to decline receiving emails. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving emails from us by simply replying to the email and informing us of your preferences.
Direct Mail & Customer Info
To decline receiving Couples Resorts mail or if you have a question or concern, please call Couples Resorts at 1-800-COUPLES or contact us by email.
Linked Internet Sites
Other Internet sites to which you link from any website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Couples Resorts may contain privacy provisions that differ from the provisions of our Internet Privacy Statement.

 