Jaguar Land Rover Australia Pty Ltd (“JLRA”) respects the privacy of the individuals with whom we deal. This Privacy Policy sets out information about the ways in which we will collect, hold, use, disclose, manage and protect your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988.

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, by publishing an updated privacy policy on this website. We therefore encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to become aware of any changes that may have occurred as they will apply to you.

You have various rights as an individual under the Privacy Act, including the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to seek the correction of that information (subject to applicable exemptions). Some of those rights are outlined in this Privacy Policy.

WEB SITES - IMPORTANT INFORMATION

In addition to this Privacy Policy and our Cookies Policy (available at www.jaguar.com.au and www.landrover.com.au) you should also ensure that you read the website Terms of Use for our websites (the "Sites"), as they apply to you if you access the Sites.

OVERSEAS DISCLOSURES

Due to the international nature of JLRA's business, JLRA is likely to disclose personal information about you to overseas recipients who are likely to be located in the United Kingdom and the United States of America.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS WITH RESPECT TO JLRA's HANDLING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION (FAQ)

In the answers to the following FAQs below, we set out important information about JLRA's management of personal information.

1. What are the benefits to me of JLRA collecting my information through the website? 
2. What kinds of personal information does JLRA collect and hold? 
3. How JLRA collects and stores your personal information? 
4. For how long will JLRA store personal information? 
5. Who does JLRA disclose personal information to? 
6. What are the purposes for which JLRA collects, holds, uses and discloses your personal information? 
7. How do I access and correct information about myself or make a complaint about privacy? 
8. What about Internet & site security? 
9. What happens if I choose not to provide personal information? 

1. WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS TO ME OF JLRA COLLECTING MY PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SITES?
Collecting this information will help JLRA to achieve the following: 
(a) To make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once. 
(b) Help us to provide information faster. 
(c) To help us create content more relevant to you. 
(d) To help you quickly find services or information available from Land Rover. 
(e) Using information to make improvements to the Site. 
(f) Assessing general trends within the Web Site and its use. 
(g) To alert you to new products, special promotions, updated information and other new services that Land Rover considers to be of interest to you. Where you have given us your permission we might authorise other companies to contact you directly. 
(h) To display relevant product, promotion and service information based on your previous browsing activities within Landrover.com 
(i) To help you to store your favourite media (wallpapers, video, audio), configured cars and preferred retailer information within landrover.com.au for your future reference.

2. WHAT KINDS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION JLRA COLLECTS AND HOLDS?
We may collect and hold personal information about you including your name, age, address, telephone number, email address, current vehicle information, information about the motor vehicle retailer from which you purchased the vehicle, service history and your contact preferences.

In general, you can visit JLRA on the Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need to collect and hold personal information from you, such as your name and address. We will let you know before we collect personally identifiable information from you on the Internet. .

Before submission of personal information through this Site, we also collect anonymous information about how the Site has been used through the use of cookies. This is a common standard procedure for any web site on the Internet. The information collected does not personally identify you but may be helpful to us for marketing purposes or improving the services we offer. You should read our Cookies Policy which contains other more specific information in this regard.

To improve the services we provide we will also collect anonymous information about the referring website (for example Google search) or the referring banner which led you to JLRA's websites.
3. HOW JLRA COLLECTS AND STORES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
JLRA collects personal information about individuals in a number of ways. The principal way is that we collect personal information of individuals who purchase our Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles from the retailers that distribute those vehicles.

Additionally, this Site collects personal information about you in a number of ways, such as requesting it from you in regards to a test drive request form, brochure request form or subscribing to future information from us.

The Site also records information about visits to this Site through the use of cookies. However, the information recorded in those cookies does not identify the individual who visited the Site and is therefore not personal information.

JLRA also collects personal information of: 
(a) Individuals employed by our service providers, suppliers and distributors (including motor vehicle retailers, business managers and other staff of the retailers that distribute our products). 
(b) Job applicants who have applied for jobs with us, including information disclosed to us by employment agencies.. 
(c) Attendees of events sponsored/arranged by JLRA who have provided personal information in the course of such events.. 

Personal information that we collect is held in a secure environment protected by a combination of physical and technical measures. There is no general public access to this information.

4. FOR HOW LONG WILL JLRA STORE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
JLRA will store your personal information in a secure and protected environment for as long as we are required or authorised to hold that information under the Privacy Act and any other applicable Australian laws. To understand how you can access or correct the information we hold about you, please refer to the appropriate question in this Privacy Policy.

5. WHERE WILL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION BE STORED?
JLRA will usually disclose personal information to: 
(a) Our business partners, including service providers, such as mail houses, website and IT service providers and roadside assistance providers, who assist us in providing products and services and information about the products and services of us and our business partners to you and to our business partners. 
(b) Market research companies in connection with industry market research that they conduct for us. 
(c) Other members of the Jaguar Land Rover Group of companies.. 

6. WHAT ARE THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH JLRA COLLECTS, HOLDS, USES AND DISCLOSES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information in order to:

1. Help us improve our services to you; we want to make it easier to tailor our products and services to your particular needs. 
2. Fulfill any service you might request or to respond to your questions or queries. 
3. Improve how JLRA serve you; 
4. Send you direct marketing communications about JLRA's products and services or related products and services of JLRA's related bodies corporate or its business partners. If you wish to opt out of future direct marketing communications you can contact the JLRA Privacy Officer on the details provided in paragraph 7. 
5. Develop and maintain employment relationships with our business partners, employees and contractors; 
6. Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; 
7. Conduct both internal research and analysis, as well as in order to participate in external industry research activities; 
8. Develop relationships with our distributors and suppliers. 

7. HOW DO I ACCESS AND CORRECT INFORMATION ABOUT MYSELF OR MAKE A COMPLAINT ABOUT PRIVACY?
JLRA will take such steps (if any) as are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, complete and up-to-date.

Subject to any applicable exemptions, you have a right to access personal information that we hold about you and to seek the correction of that personal information. In order to do so, please contact our Privacy Officer:

JLRA Privacy Officer
Level 1, 189 O'Riordan Street, Mascot, NSW 2020

PO Box 1070 Mascot NSW 1460
Level 1, 189 O'Riordan Street, Mascot, NSW 2020PO Box 1070 Mascot NSW 1460Email: aupriv@jaguarlandrover.com
Jaguar Phone: 1300 787 803
Land Rover Phone: 1800 625 642

Where appropriate, you will also be given the option of cancelling your membership of the service you have subscribed to.

If you would like to make a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles, please contact us with details of your concerns and your contact details, and we will respond to your complaint within a reasonable period of time. You can do this by contacting our Privacy Officer on the contact details set out above. We may contact you in response to clarify your concerns and work through your questions together. If you are not happy with our response, you can lodge a complaint with the Australian Information Commissioner (www.oaic.gov.au).

8. WHAT ABOUT INTERNET & SITE SECURITY?
The Internet is not a secure system and you should always be cautious about the information you disclose whilst on-line. JLRA will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to protect personal information from misuse, interference and loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Personal Information collected JLRA through the Sites is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. In some cases, the personal information is encrypted before you conduct your transaction, using appropriate secure technology.

9. WHAT HAPPENS IF I CHOOSE NOT TO PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you choose not to provide personal information, we may not be able to deal with or respond to your request or query. You will in most cases still be able to use most of the Sites. However you will not be able to access areas that require the submission of personal information or receive the products or services that require this information. Even if you do not submit personal information we will sometimes collect anonymous information about how you have used the Site. This is information that does not personally identify you but which may be helpful for marketing or improving the services we offer.