Terms and Conditions
By creating an account on this site, you agree to the following terms:


Availability
While the site will be available as much as possible, Dragon Cave's availability cannot be guaranteed, and Dragon Cave can not be held liable for consequences of any outages that may occur.


Inactivity
If you are not active on the site, your dragons will not be taken away. However, dead dragons will be removed several weeks after death. In addition, dragons may have their names removed after several weeks of inactivity in order to free up names for active users.


Multiple Accounts
By signing up, you agree that you will only create one (1) account. You also agree that you will not falsify information when creating accounts for any reason.


Usage
Any usage of the site that is not in accordance with the rules of other sites that images are posted on is prohibited. You agree that you will not use Dragon Cave images in a way that violates the rules of any other site.


Art Usage
All art and text used on the site is used with the permission of the artist(s) that created it. If you wish to use this art for any purpose, please contact those artists.


Interactions with other users
All interactions with other users must be willful. Bothering other users to return abandoned eggs or posting the eggs, hatchlings, or adult dragons without a user's permission are prohibited.


Cheating
You agree that you will not attempt to "cheat" or bypass any site restrictions in any way. Cheating includes, but is not limited to:

Attempts to force or trick users to click your eggs, hatchlings, or dragons without their consent
Abuse of any bugs or glitches in the site's code.
Using browser addons, scripts, or other tools that modify pages on the Dragon Cave site in order to give users of said addons an advantage over other users.



"Buying" Eggs/Hatchlings/Dragons
There are no official means through which eggs, hatchlings, or dragons can be bought, whether from the site or from other users. Exchanging any sort of currency, real or virtual, for eggs, hatchlings, or dragons is expressly forbidden.


Reverse Engineering
Users of the site agree not to reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any processes or formulas used by the site's internal calculations.


Changes
The terms of this agreement may be modified at any time. All changes to this page (as well as the purchasing policies) will be announced via the Dragon Cave Forum. Users will not be individually notified.


By creating an account on this site, you agree to the following terms:Dragon Cave collects and stores the following information from users:

Username
Password (stored in encrypted form)
E-Mail Address
IP Address

This information will never be shared with any third party for any reason without your prior consent, unless required by law.
In addition, browser statistics (such as screen size, browser version) and browsing habits may be collected by Google Analytics. This information is stored anonymously and will not be shared with any third party for any reason without your prior consent, unless required by law.
Dragon Cave uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

Page last updated: Oct 09, 2012 Dragon Cave Copyright © 2006–2016 T.J. Lipscomb.Terms and Conditions · Privacy Policy669 users online.Dragon Cave Copyright © 2006–2016 T.J. Lipscomb.