
Buy It Direct Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy of Buy It Direct Ltd, trading as Laptops Direct, DirectTVs, Aircon Direct, Acer Direct, Servers Direct, Shop Targus, Appliances Direct, Projectors Direct, and iViewCameras, whose registered office is at Trident Business Park, Leeds Road, Huddersfield, HD2 1UA (Company Registered No. 04171412).
Buy It Direct Ltd takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable precaution to safeguard the personal information you supply to it. This on-line Privacy Statement is designed to tell you about how we will collect and use your personal information.
Buy It Direct Ltd Limited is the data controller of the website and is registered with UK Information Commissioner (registration number: Z 711752 X). In addition to these policies your personal data is protected in the UK by the Data Protection Act 1998. Under this Act we will only process any data we hold about you in a lawful and fair manner. We will keep your data securely to prevent unauthorised access by third parties. Your personal data may have to be disclosed if we are required to disclose it by law, or as a result of a lawful request by a governmental or law enforcement authority.

What information do we collect?
Buy It Direct Ltd collect data from customers when they register and make a purchase online. We also gather data about our customers from their use of the website. We use this data to corroborate our customers' identity, process payments, manage orders including delivery, communicate with customers about orders, products, services and promotions. We also use this data to further develop this website to be of use to customers and to manage security. In addition, from time to time we may also market certain third party services through our site.
When you view this website by linking from another web page Buy It Direct Ltd may store the name of that web page for the purposes of internal administration and analysis. In order to process your registration and enable management of this website, your personal information may be passed to third party service providers who may process your information on our behalf and under our control. We may share non-personal, anonymous, aggregate statistics (group) data about visitors to this website, use and other traffic patterns with connected, or third parties.
By using this website you agree that any successor operator of the Buy It Direct Ltd business may use your personal information on the same basis as we do. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties except as outlined above or in the unlikely event that we are required to do so by court order or other legal requirement.
You may notify Buy It Direct Ltd of any updates, amendments or corrections to your previously collected information by contacting us via the eMessage section on this website.

Main Uses of Information
By registering with Buy It Direct Ltd you consent to our processing your information for the following purposes:

To evaluate and enhance the provision of our commercial activities, which may involve an Buy It Direct Ltd representative contacting you;
To carry out basic checks to ensure that your details are genuine to prevent fraudulent use of credit or debit card information;
For market research, including statistical analysis of user behaviour which we may disclose to third parties in depersonalised aggregated form;
In order to enable us to comply with any requirements imposed on us by law; and
In order to send you periodic communications (this may include e-mail) about features, products and services, events and special offers.


What Information do we Disclose?
Buy It Direct Ltd occasionally hires other companies to provide limited services on its behalf, such as website hosting, packaging, mailing and delivering prizes, answering customer questions about products and services, and sending information about our products, special offers, and other services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. Where necessary we may pass information to other companies within our group of companies, business partners and successors in title to our business, or as otherwise permitted under the DPA.
Should you choose to accept an offer from a third party, we will pass your relevant personal information, including your name, postal address, credit/debit card number and any other required billing information to that specific third party.
Buy It Direct Ltd may disclose information it has collected if required to do so by law, or in good faith if reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) respond to any claims, or (3) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Buy It Direct Ltd, our customers, our suppliers or the public.
You may at any time deregister your subscription from Buy It Direct Ltd by following the “unregister” link on this website or on any e-mail you may receive from Buy It Direct Ltd.

Cookies
Buy It Direct Ltd use cookies to store information essential for your user experience while browsing our websites. Cookies do not attach to your system or damage your files. They are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not in themselves recognise the individual user but will recognise the computer you are using so that we know when you are returning to the websites. Most browsers will automatically accept cookies, but you can change the settings on your browser to prevent this happening.

Advertising and Privacy
Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve our ads based on a user's prior visit to our website. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

Security
Buy It Direct Ltd takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users’ information with the aid of encryption software [SSL]. However, the Internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication and, accordingly Buy It Direct Ltd cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to Buy It Direct Ltd via the Internet. Buy It Direct Ltd is not responsible for any loss or damage you or others may suffer as a result of the loss of confidentiality of such information.

Disclaimer
Buy It Direct Ltd does not guarantee the accuracy or validity of the information and materials on this website. Buy It Direct Ltd cannot be held responsible for any errors or omissions and accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage howsoever arising.
Links to other Websites
We may from time to time refer to or establish relations with companies, organisations and public bodies that will enable you to access their websites directly from our website. Each company, organisation or public body operates its own policy regarding privacy the sale of personal data and the use of cookies. If you have a particular interest in, or concern regarding the way your data will be used then you are advised to read the Privacy Statement on the relevant website. We will try to provide you with links to high quality, reputable websites which we believe will be of interest and relevant to you, but please note that such third party websites are not under our control and we do not contribute to the content of such websites. When you click through to any of these websites you leave the area controlled by Buy It Direct Ltd. We cannot accept responsibility for any issues arising in connection with the third party's use of your data, the website content or the services offered to you by these websites.
You may provide a link (but not a framed link) to the home page of this site but not (save with our prior written agreement) in any way, which gives the impression that we are associated with or have approved such other site. Apart from this you may not link from another internet site or equivalent entity to materials or information on this website or reproduce or store any part of this site on any other website without our prior written consent.

Policy Changes
Any changes to this Privacy Policy made by Buy It Direct Ltd will be posted here and will take effect immediately. This policy was last updated on June 2009.

Contact Details
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or require any further information please send your request by eMessage.
Back to top

