
Introduction
Please note that this notice applies to individuals who visit our commercial web sites or otherwise interact with us as customers or potential employees via our web sites, social media, or at events.

Our commercial web sites, such as mheonline.com, mhprofessional.com, or mheducation.com, are not intended for use by minors below the age of 13. Privacy information for users of our digital learning 

systems, including those under the age of 13, can be found by following the appropriate links to the left (Educators, Students, and Parents).

This notice does not cover other organizations' web sites that may be accessible via links on our web sites. These sites have their own privacy policies and we encourage you to read them.

McGraw-Hill Education is a global organization. We follow all privacy laws and regulations that are applicable to our company and our services in the areas where we do business. You agree that by 

accessing our web sites or otherwise providing your personal information to McGraw-Hill Education, you accept this notice. It is your responsibility to fully read through this notice. If you do not agree to 

this notice, you may not access our web sites or otherwise provide your personal information to McGraw-Hill Education.

Revisions to this Privacy Notice will be posted at this location. Material changes may also be posted to the homepage of our website.

Please contact our Chief Privacy Officer with any questions or concerns:

Email: privacy@mheducation.com
Postal Address:
Chief Privacy Officer
McGraw-Hill Education
2 Penn Plaza, 20th Floor
New York, NY 10121

Privacy Notice
What is Personally Identifiable Information (PII)?
Personally Identifiable Information, or PII, is information that can identify you, or when combined with other information can be used to identify you. Depending on the service or transaction, the PII 

that MHE collects on customers may contain the following categories:


First name, last name, and/or initials
Personal contact information and/or contact information at your place of business such as email address, phone numbers, or postal address
Education and professional details such as school(s) or courses attended
Payment card industry data such as credit card number, billing address


What PII do we collect and how do we use it?
We collect PII, such as contact information, education details, or payment information, in order to provide you with the product and/or service requested.
We, or our service providers on our behalf, may collect PII and other information if you access and/or submit PII on one of our web sites or interact with us at an event. You are not required to provide 

PII, however in order to use certain services, we must collect PII in order for that service to function properly or to provide you with additional information, if requested. In general, we collect PII if it 

is necessary to provide, maintain, and improve the requested service, such as McGraw-Hill Education web sites or process transactions, such as information requests or purchases. It is your responsibility to 

ensure the integrity of the data you provide to us. You may contact customer service to update your PII.

We limit the use, collection, and disclosure of your PII to deliver the service or information requested by you. We do not collect, use, or disclose PII that is not reasonably related to the purposes 

described within this notice. Your information may be combined in an aggregate and de-identified manner in order to maintain and/or improve our services.

Depending on the service or transaction, the PII we collect may include information from the following categories:


Name, initials or white page information
On our consumer web sites, we generally only collect your name, initials or contact information when you create an account or purchase a product on our online store. We may also collect your email 
address. We may also collect this information if you connect with us via your social media account as an existing or potential customer, or if you are interested in a career at McGraw-Hill 
Education.
Education & and professional information
If you are interested in a career with us, we may collect additional education and professional information online, primarily in the form of an online form or resume. We use this information to 
evaluate candidates, conduct interviews and initiate the hiring process.
Payment card industry data such as credit card number, billing address, etc.
If you make an online purchase from us, in addition to your name, we may need to collect additional payment information, which includes billing and shipping addresses and credit card data in order to 
process your transaction.


What other information do we collect?
We may also collect computer metadata and content to provide, improve, and maintain our products and services.
When you visit and make transactions on our web sites, we collect information without you having to enter it through the use of cookies, web beacons or other tracking mechanisms. This includes information 

about your experience such as your IP address, operating systems, pages viewed, and time spent. Information may also be collected automatically from you through the use of third party cookies, web beacons, 

and tracking mechanisms. This information is used to enable the functions of the site, as well as customize, maintain, and improve our web sites. You may disable cookies via your browser or third party 

mechanisms. However, some features of our services may not functional properly without them. Third party cookies which may be used include:


AddThis
Adobe Test & Target
DoubleClick
Eloqua
Google: Various including AdWord Conversion, Analytics, Tag Manager, etc.
LivePerson
Marketo
Omniture

If you access our web sites from the European Union, you will be presented with an additional notification regarding cookies and will be provided with an opportunity to approve the use of cookies.

You can change your Web browser's Internet preferences to disable or delete cookies, although that may affect certain functions on this site. To learn how to manage your cookies, please follow the 

instructions from your specific browser, or follow the links below:


If you wish to opt out of the use of data collected on our site to send you targeted advertising during your visits to other websites, go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices..


Do we use your PII to market to you?
We may market to you as a customer, depending on your location, however you always have the option to change your marketing preferences.
Depending on your location, we may use your PII to provide you with materials that we believe are of interest. In some locations, such as the European Union, we will only market to you if you request such 

materials. In all instances, you may choose to change these preferences at any time by contacting our customer service or by sending an email to 

McGraw-Hill Education's local privacy official. McGraw-Hill Education will not share your PII with third parties for 

marketing purposes unless the organization is acting on our behalf and is contractually bound to only use your PII for those purposes. Please note, whatever preferences you select for marketing, you may 

still receive some transactional emails related to the services or products you purchase or use.


When do we share your PII with third parties?
In general, we only share your PII in order to provide, maintain, or improve our products or services, or respond to legal requests.


Co-branded/Other Web Sites and Features – We may share your PII with third-party business partners for the purpose of providing the Service to you. Those business partners will be given limited access to 

the PII that is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service, and we will require that such third parties follow the same privacy and security practices as McGraw-Hill Education.
Business Transfer – In the event of a sale, merger or acquisition, we may transfer your PII to a separate entity. This entity will be responsible for ensuring that your PII is used only for authorized 

purposes and by authorized persons in a manner consistent with the choices customers and prospects have made under this Policy, and that security, integrity and privacy of the information is maintained.
Agents/Service providers – Sometimes we hire other companies to perform certain business-related functions for us. In certain instances, we provide these companies with access to your PII in order for 

them to perform their functions. However, we limit that access to only information required to perform their specific function, and we contractually require that these organizations follow the same privacy 

and security requirements.
Contests and Promotions – If you participate in a contest or promotion with McGraw-Hill Education, we may use your information to provide, maintain, or improve our services, as well as, where 

permitted, contact you regarding materials in which you may be interested.
Affiliates – McGraw-Hill Education is a global corporation that consists of multiple organizations. In some instances, we may share your PII between organizations within McGraw-Hill Education to 

provide, maintain, and improve our products and services.
Law Enforcement – In the event that McGraw-Hill Education receives a legal demand for customer data from a law enforcement agency that request will only be honored if:

The request complies with all laws and clearly establishes the legal need for disclosure.
The request is related to a specific investigation and specific user accounts are implicated in that investigation.
Whenever legally permissible, users shall receive notice that their information is being requested.



What privacy controls and choices do we offer you?
You may review and correct your PII by contacting customer service.


Reviewing & correcting your information – We strive to ensure that information we have about you is accurate and current. If you want to review the PII you have provided to us, or believe that the 

information we have about you is inaccurate, you should contact our customer service to review or update your PII.
Choice – With limited exceptions, you may choose to change how we use your PII at any time by contacting customer service. However, if 

the PII is required to provide you with the service or process a transaction, you may not be able to opt-out without canceling the transaction or service.


How do we protect your PII?
Our IT security team has established reasonable security measures to protect your PII
We use reasonable security measures to protect your PII from unauthorized access and use.


Can you delete your PII?
You may request, via customer service, that we delete your PII, however it may limit your abilities to use our products or services.
At your request, in some instances, we may delete or de-identify your information. However, you should be aware that doing this may limit your use of our services. For example, if you request the deletion 

of your account within an ecommerce portal, you may be required to re-enter this information should you wish to make another purchase.


When do we store, transfer or process PII internationally?
McGraw-Hill Education is a global organization based in the U.S. Depending on your location, we may transfer and store your PII for processing in the U.S.
McGraw-Hill Education is a global organization headquartered in the United States. Depending on your location and the product or service, your information may be stored and processed within secure data 

centers in the U.S., where U.S. law applies. If your data is stored locally, then your local laws prevail.

We recognize and acknowledge current data protection laws in the European Union, Switzerland, and around the world. We follow the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Switzerland Safe Harbor 

Framework administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce. For more information about the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's website at http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.

Any questions or complaints regarding this Policy or the collection, use, disclosure, or transfer of Personal Data covered by this Policy should be directed to privacy@mheducation.com.

In the event your complaint cannot be resolved, you may contact the appropriate DPA or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner. The contact information for the EU DPAs is available 

at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/eu/index_en.htm. The contact 

information for the Commissioner is available at http://www.edoeb.admin.ch/kontakt/index.html?lang=en.

