
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated October 26, 2017
Eezy Inc. ("Eezy") or any Eezy brands (“Videezy,” “Vecteezy,” “Themezy,” “Brusheezy”) (“we,” “us,” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users. Please note that the practices of Eezy (or any properties/brands under the Eezy umbrella), concerning your access to and use of the https://www.vecteezy.com/ website as well as any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the "the Site"), with respect to personal information, are now governed by this Privacy Policy as same may be amended from time to time. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason, and we encourage visitors and users of our site https://www.vecteezy.com/ to regularly review our Privacy Policy. To update your information and preferences, please visit Dashboard > Account Settings.
CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY
All "Personal Information" ("Personal Information" being any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information relates) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy, regardless of amendments made on occasion.
Any changes or modifications to the Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information on this Site is collected by the Eezy, Inc., 2413 Nashville Road Bowling Green, KY 42101, USA and its telephone number is (888) 847-3805.
As a visitor to the Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any Personal Information.
However, when you set up an online account with us or order products/services as a customer, we may collect Personal Information from you. We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we collect on the Site includes:
Personal Data
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, phone and fax numbers, address and email address; and billing information such as the number, expiration date, card type and billing address of your credit card; and demographic information such as your job title, job description and company name and company type.
Derivative Data
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site.
Financial Data
Financial information, such as data related to your payment and contributor information including, but not limited to, your payout method (e.g. valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) and payout email. Such information may be collected by us when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our services from the Site. We store only very limited, if any, financial information that we collect. Otherwise, all financial information is stored by our payment processor, BrainTree Payments, and in some cases, Chargify and/or PayPal. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the aforementioned payment processors and contact them directly for responses to your questions.
Facebook Permissions
The Site may by default access your Facebook basic account information, including your name, email, gender, birthday, current city, and profile picture URL, as well as other information that you choose to make public. We may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as friends, checkins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission. For more information regarding Facebook permissions, refer to the Facebook Permissions Reference page.
Data From Social Networks
The Site includes Social Media Features from social networking sites, such as Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, Snapchat, LinkedIn, Dribbble, such as the Social Media Widgets that allow you to share content from the Site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Data From Contests, Giveaways, and Surveys
User information from social networking sites, such as Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, Snapchat, LinkedIn, Dribbble, including your name, your social network username, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and public data for contacts, if you connect your account to such social networks.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Site to:
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
Marketing Communications
With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Interactions with Other Users
If you interact with other users of the Site, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, and/or following blogs.
Online Postings
When you post comments, contributions, or other content to the Site, your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Site in perpetuity.
Third-Party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use information about your visits to the Site and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Affiliates
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions.
Social Media Contacts
If you connect to the Site through a social network, your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity.
Other Third Parties
We may share your information with advertisers and for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
COOKIE AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
The Site may automatically collect information as you browse, such as Internet Service Provider, browser type and version, operating system and device type, average time spent on our site(s), pages viewed, information accessed, the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet and other relevant statistics. Such information is sometimes referred to as web analytics and/or clickstream data.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, and provide site functionality.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Website Analytics
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts may be used by the Site, our affiliates, and analytics service(s), such as Google Analytics, to improve and provide site features, functions, and quality experience. These technologies and services are used during and for the purpose of analyzing trends, site administration, tracking users’ mouse and/or page movements, determine the popularity of certain content, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
Cookies are unique text files websites can send to your computer when you browse a site. We may use cookies as a means of learning about our user base and improving our site(s). Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Our Site may include links to other third-party sites, including advertisements and external services, that are neither affiliated with our Site, nor whose privacy practices are the same as the practices laid out on our Site. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Internet-Based Advertising
We may collaborate with a third party site in order to display advertising on the Site. Our collaborative third party may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on the Site and other sites for the purpose of advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. For more information about opting-out of in internet-based ads, visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measure to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
You have the right to access and correct, or delete your Personal Information and privacy preferences at any time. This may be accomplished by clicking on the link, "Dashboard," where you can view and make changes to most of your Personal Information immediately. If you are a contributor or user, you can change your profile by going to “Account settings.” For other settings-related questions and concerns concerning Personal Information, you may contact support by email. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly accept, request, or solicit information from children or knowingly market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Account Information
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:

Contacting us using the contact information provided below.

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Emails and Communications
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:

Hitting the unsubscribe button at the bottom of any of our newsletters or emails, or by contacting us using the contact information provided below.

CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) with other businesses for their own direct marketing use. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information as well as the names and addresses of any businesses with which customer information was shared during the prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2018 will receive information regarding 2017 sharing activities). If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Site, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Site. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Site, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Eezy
2413 Nashville Road
Bowling Green, KY 42101
(888) 847-3805
[email protected]


