Thank you for visiting the Arizona Attorney General's Web site. This Privacy Statement describes what information we are collecting online, how that information will be used, the limited conditions under which it may disclosed, and what steps are being taken to ensure the security of the data. This statement is provided solely to inform you about the information that could be collected online as a result of visiting the Arizona Attorney General's Web site, and not as a result of following a link from this Web site to reach another state agency Web site or online service. No other agency or person is collecting information from our Web site.
No personal identifying information, such as your name, address or phone number, will be disclosed to the Attorney General or staff simply by visiting this Web site, unless you choose to provide it. If you wish to receive a response to an inquiry, we will need to know how to reach you.
Your rights to privacy are of utmost importance to the State of Arizona in building trust and confidence when conducting business through the Internet.
Services Offered Online
The Attorney General's Web site provides information about the Attorney General and the work the office is doing on behalf of the State, its agencies and citizens.  The site also provides the public with information, educational materials and helpful links to assist:
Consumers
Seniors
Children and Families
Crime Victims
Victims of Civil Rights violations
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you are merely reading, printing or downloading information such as brochures, press releases or reports from this site, no personal identifying information will be collected about you.
Log Files
The Arizona Attorney General Web server automatically gathers certain information about your visit and stores it in a standard log file. Whenever you request a Web page through your browser, navigation and other data are collected and stored in a log file and/or database. This information cannot be used to identify you personally and consists of the following items:
The AG Web server you accessed during your visit
The Web page(s) you visited
The date, time and length of your visit
Your IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web) from which you access the Web site
Your Internet browser name and version
Your operating system
Your language and country setting
The site from which you came
Only anonymous statistics are collected and aggregated. This information is used only for internal purposes, allowing our staff to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of the Web site, to diagnose server problems, analyze trends, administer the site, gather demographic information for aggregate use and to understand our visitors' needs, and help improve this Web site for visitors. This information is not shared, sold or otherwise disseminated by the Arizona Attorney General's Office.
Cookies
A cookie is information saved in a text file on your personal computer. The main purpose of cookies is to store information about a visitor's browsing habits to customize Web pages for them. This Web site uses cookies only in connection with its online quizzes and to determine which portions of the Attorney General's website are most frequented. In all instances, the cookies store non-personal information. The information is used only for purposes of administering the quiz and to improve our website. It is not shared, sold or otherwise disseminated by the Arizona Attorney General's Office. Users may delete cookies stored on their personal computers at any time.
Information You Provide
For your convenience, the Arizona Attorney General's Web site contains online complaint forms, email subscriptions and links to send us an email, all of which may ask you for personal and/or demographic information or reveal your email address. If you choose to provide us with personal information – by filling out and submitting a form with your personal information from this Web site or sending us an email – we use that information to respond to your message or request. We only share the information you provide with another agency if your inquiry relates to that agency or as required by law. Moreover, we do not create an individual profile with the information you provide nor give it to any private organizations. We do not collect information for commercial marketing. Any comments collected are themselves subject to the protections of the privacy policy.
Online Forms and Alternatives
We have various forms available on our Web site, including consumer and victims' rights complaint forms. If you prefer not to disclose personal information in the online forms, these forms may be printed from our Web site and sent by regular mail to the respective section or program in the Attorney General's Office. Information collected from a complaint submitted online will be treated in the same manner as the information collected from a complaint form that is physically delivered to our agency. To assist us in processing your complaint, we ask that you review the form you have downloaded and include all information requested, including supporting documentation if necessary.
Staff attorneys, investigators and other members of the Attorney General's Office, in carrying out our official duties and responsibilities, will use the information you submit on your complaint forms. A copy of the complaint will be sent to the business about which the complaint is issued and may be sent to other governmental agencies for their review. Any information that you give to us will not be sold, rented or leased to third parties and will only be used to respond to you or investigate your complaint. We strongly urge you NOT to submit sensitive information, such as your Social Security number or credit card information, unless it is absolutely necessary for the investigation of your complaint. No adverse action will result from your failure to voluntarily provide a Social Security number. The information you disclose will generally become a matter of public record pursuant to A.R.S. §§ 39-121, et seq., which means that the Arizona Attorney General's Office may be required to divulge certain information in response to a public records request or in response to a warrant, subpoena or other court order.
Email and Email Subscriptions
When emailing the Arizona Attorney General's Office with questions or comments, we will use your email address to respond to your messages and requests and/or possibly forward your email to another State agency for appropriate action. We use the information contained in your email to respond to your message, help us get you the information you have requested, or register your opinion.
The Attorney General's Web site also contains links for you to subscribe to various email notification lists. To receive the emails, you must provide your email address. You will be sent an email requesting confirmation to prevent others from gratuitously subscribing you. This is a hidden list, which means that the list of members is available only to the Attorney General's list administrator. Subscribers' email addresses will not be used for any other purpose, nor shared with any other agency or third party.
Information Collected From Children
By statute, all State agencies must comply with the Children's Online Privacy Policy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), requiring parental consent before collecting any personal information from any individual under the age of 13. The text of COPPA is available at the FTC's website. Presently, the Arizona Attorney General's Web site does not collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Security
The Arizona Attorney General has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its computer systems and networks. These steps include, but are not limited to, individual authentication, security monitoring, auditing and encrypting of information. Security methods and measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day practices of the entire Arizona Attorney General Web site.
Disclaimer
Information on this site is believed to be accurate and the Arizona Attorney General works diligently to keep the Web site as current and accurate as possible. However, neither the State of Arizona, nor any agency, officer, employee or contractor of the State of Arizona, warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by this system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products or services linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be inaccurate or outdated. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at his or her own risk.
This Policy Is Subject To Change
This policy may be updated or revised from time to time, so please check back with the Arizona Attorney General's Web site periodically to receive advance notice of any substantive changes to the manner in which information from visitors to this Web site may be collected, used or disseminated. Any information collected under this current policy will remain bound by the terms of this privacy policy. After the changes take effect, all new information collected, if any, will be subject to the revised privacy policy.
Contact
If you have questions about this policy or feel that we have acted in violation of this policy, please contact aginfo@azag.gov or write:
Department of Law
2005 N Central Ave
Phoenix, AZ 85004
Main Telephone Number: (602) 542-5025 
Main Facsimile Number: (602) 542-4085

