How does CA use cookies and other tracking technologies?
Cookies
CA uses “cookies” on its websites to enable you to sign in to CA’s services and personalize your online experience. A “cookie” is a small data file stored on your hard drive. By using cookies, the information you previously provided can be retrieved on your next visit to our website(s) so that your use of the website is more efficient.
Cookies are either session-based (which disappear after you close your browser) or persistent (which remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer). CA may use any of the following types of cookies:

Required cookies are essential to core website functionality.
Performance cookies collect information about website visits to improve performance, but do not collect personal information.
Functional cookies track your preferences, such as your preferred language or display settings, and customize the website to you. Some of these cookies may be required cookies.
Analytics cookies allow us to count page visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our websites and our marketing campaigns.
Advertising cookies may be set through our website(s) by our advertising partners. Data may be collected by these companies that enable them to deliver customized advertisements on other websites that are relevant to your interests.

Web Beacons
CA also uses web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your usage of our websites and interaction with emails from us. A web beacon is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page or email message. Web beacons may help CA measure the effectiveness of our websites and our advertising in various ways. For example, web beacons may count the number of individual who visit a particular web page after viewing an advertisement or identify the number of individuals who opened or acted upon a marketing email message.
Our third-party ad services providers may also use aggregated information collected through web beacons and cookies about your visit to the website(s) in order to deliver advertising relevant to your interests and to better understand the usage of our websites and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This Privacy Statement does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, and CA encourages you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
Managing Cookie Preferences
Many web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, and only you can manage your browser settings. To may see the list of CA and selected partner cookies on our website(s) and make choices about those cookies, please visit our Cookie Consent Tool here. In addition, the Help portion of your web browser, which is most often found on your browser’s toolbar, typically tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. Please not that if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to get the benefit of some of the features of this website or other websites that you visit.
Do Not Track
Certain browsers like Internet Explorer, Firefox and Safari offer a “Do Not Track” or “DNT” option that sends a signal to websites visited by the user about the user’s browser DNT preference setting. Because uniform standards for “Do Not Track” have not been established, CA does not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
Social Media Accounts
Portions of our websites make chat rooms, forums, blogs, message boards and/or news groups available to you. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas could be made public so exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information. Also, please note that use of these portions of our website may be subject to additional terms. Additional information about community and support sites can be found at our Terms for User Sites on ca.com.
In addition, CA’s website(s) may include social media features, including the Facebook “Like” button. These features may collect your IP address and identify the web page you are visiting on CA’s website and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. You may be given the option by that social media site to post information about your activities on CA’s website(s) to your profile page on that social media site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company that is providing them.
Third-Party Websites
CA’s websites may contain links to other third-party websites. This Privacy Statement does not apply to, and CA is not responsible for, the privacy practices or the content of such third-party websites, including business partner websites, and their use of personal information will be governed by their own privacy policies.
