
EIS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY           EIS WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
 

EIS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATED: November 13, 2017
EBSCO Publishing, Inc. and its affiliates, DynaMed, LLC, EBSCO Industries, Inc., and Yankee Book Peddler, Inc. dba GOBI Library Solutions from EBSCO (collectively, “EBSCO Information Services” or “we” or “us” or “our”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy.
EBSCO Information Services wants you to have a positive experience in connection with our products and services. We want you to know that we respect the privacy and security of our users. Our goal is to provide you with an experience that delivers the information, resources and services that are helpful to you. In order to achieve this goal, we may collect information from you. We discuss our information collection practices below. This Privacy Policy sets forth the privacy principles we follow, in accordance with our operations.

This Privacy Policy sets forth the privacy practices with respect to your information when you use our software, mobile applications and services (“Services”) . If you do not agree to these terms, do not use the Services.
For any questions on this Privacy Policy or our data practices, you can contact us:
By mail at            
EBSCO Industries, Inc. (Data Controller)
5724 Highway 280 E
Birmingham, AL 35242, USA
Attn: Josh Torres (Data Privacy Officer) 
By email at privacy@ebsco.com
By telephone at 1-205-991-6600
For a list of Data Protection Representatives see the table at the end of this Privacy Policy.
What Information Is Collected and How is it Used?
[Information about Children's Areas at Section G of this Policy]
A.    What Information Do We Collect?
1. Personal Information: information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, including: name, title, date of birth, unique identifier (e.g., account number), company name, job function, expertise, postal address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, geolocation and IP address. If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with our Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. Non-Personal Information:  any information that does not directly reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual. This might include pseudonymous identifiers and information, device information, non-precise geolocation, information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies, and web server log files to track trends, administer the Website, track user movement, and gather demographic information. 
B.   How Do We Collect the Information?
We will only collect and use Personal Information when a user voluntarily provides it to us or when an institution or entity customer provides it to us in connection with its method of authenticating users for access to our Services, with the exception of your IP address which may be automatically captured when you use our Services. In order to use some of our Services, or in order to undertake certain actions (such as setting up an account to make a purchase of an article), a user must first complete a registration form or provide an email address that will require disclosure of Personal Information. Such disclosure is strictly voluntary. In order to contact us by email, however, you must provide an email address.
We automatically collect non-Personal Information, including usage data and web server log files, generated from your use of our Services.  We use this non-Personal Information in the aggregate. We do not combine these types of non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
Cookies:  EBSCO and our third-party partners may place a "cookie" or other tracking or information gathering device used in the industry in the browser files of a user's computer. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.  We use cookies to collect information about your use of our Services, which enable us to track and target the interests of our users.  We then use that information to solely enhance the user’s experience within our Services.  We also use cookies from third-parties for analytics purposes.  Third-party cookies are covered by the third-party’s privacy policy.
Users can set their browsers or third-party software to reject cookies. If a user rejects the cookie, the user may be unable to use portions of our Services. Some of the third-party websites we provide links to also may use cookies. We have no control over these linked websites or access to or control over cookies or other technology used by linked websites.
The following is a list of the cookies that may be used in some or all of the Services:




Type


Purpose




Preference


We use these cookies to remember your settings and preferences.




Security


We use these cookies to authenticate users and help identify and prevent security risks.




Performance


We use these cookies to collect information about how you interact with our Services and to help us improve them.




In addition, some of our Services use cookies provided by third-parties in order to improve our performance or services or to serve more relevant content to our users:




Product


Type


Purpose




BizSum.com, Flipster App (Mobile), EBSCONET.com, DynaMed, DynaMed Plus


Analytics Cookie from Google Analytics


A third-party cookie provided by Google, Inc. that collects aggregate statistical data about how visitors use the site (i.e., what pages users visit, how long they are on the website, how they got there and what they click on) so that we can improve the user experience and serve up the content our visitors find most useful.  They do not collect or store Personal Information.
You can find out more about Google’s privacy policy concerning its analytics service at Google privacy policy. 

			Google also offers a tool that allows you to opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites and can be found here. 




Flipster


Crashlytics from Google, Inc.


A third-party cookie provided by Google, Inc. that collects aggregated crash data to guide product stability.  They do not collect or store Personal Information.  The information collected is covered by the Crashlytics privacy policy located here.




EBSCONET.com


Analytics Cookie from Full Story


A third-party cookie provided by FullStory, Inc. that tracks your use of the site in each session so that we can understand how our customers use the site and ultimately improve our design. 
The information collected is not accessed by Full Story and is subject to this Privacy Policy.




BizSum.com


Advertising Cookie from Google Adwords


A third-party cookie provided by Google, Inc. that collects data about your activities within the Services to provide you targeted advertising, but does not personally or directly identify you.  
You can find out more about Google’s privacy policy concerning its advertising features at Google privacy policy.
You can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites here. You can also opt out with Ad Settings or the NAI’s consumer opt-out.




EDS, EHost, Explora, Dynamic Health


Analytics Cookies from Cxense


A third-party cookie provided by Cxense, Inc. that collects data about your activities within the Services and on www.cxense.com to provide you personalized content and services, but does not personally or directly identify you.  
You can find out more about Cxense’s privacy policy concerning its personalization features at Cxense privacy policy.
You can opt out of being tracked by Cxense across all websites here. You may also be able to opt out by setting your DNT header on your browser.  For more info on setting your DNT header, please visit DNT header info.




Web Beacons:  EBSCO Information Services uses web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about users’ usage of our Services and interaction with emails from EBSCO Information Services. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon.  As with cookies, you can use your browser or app settings to control web beacons.
C.   How Do We Use the Information?
We use the Personal Information we collect for limited purposes of processing your transactions, establishing the identity of account holders, customer service, authorization, customer support, content processing, content classification, and providing you with information concerning our Services. We will retain this information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
For example, our EBSCOhost Service employs a personalization feature that requires completion of a registration form before a user can use that feature. The personalization feature of EBSCOhost is a powerful tool that provides users with the means to create and save histories of searches they have conducted. We believe the personalization feature is a useful tool that will enhance the user's experience at the site, but it does require the user to provide Personal Information to us.
We use the non-Personal Information we collect to administer the Services, perform diagnostics, collect content-specific usage statistics, protect the Services and their content from inappropriate use, and improve the user's experience.
We may use the Personal Information and non-Personal Information we collect by sharing it with third-party agents, vendors, contractors, partners, or content providers of EBSCO Information Services (collectively, "Contractors") for purposes of managing purchases of our products and services, servicing our systems, data storage contact management, and obtaining support services for our businesses. We are not in the business of selling Personal Information to third-parties or Contractors, and will share it with Contractors only as we describe in this Privacy Policy. In situations where we provide Personal Information to Contractors, we ensure access is granted to the Contractors only upon the condition that the Personal Information is kept confidential and is used only for carrying out the services these Contractors are performing for EBSCO Information Services. As part of making that determination whether we will provide Personal Information to Contractors, we will obtain assurances that they will safeguard Personal Information consistently with this Privacy Policy.
We may share your usage data related to our Services with our affiliates for purposes of providing or improving our Services. We will not disclose any information about your usage data related to our Services to unaffiliated third-parties, except as necessary to enhance the product experience, service the legal agreement between us and your employer or affiliated institution under which you are provided access to our Services, to enforce the terms of use, to meet our contractual obligations to report aggregated usage data to content providers, or as required by law.

We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information if we are required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, and to the extent permitted by applicable local law, to respond to claims, or to protect or advance the rights, property, safety, or well-being of our company, our employees, customers, or the public.
We will not use your personal data for automated-decision making.

In the unlikely event that all or substantially all of the assets of EBSCO Publishing, Inc., DynaMed, LLC, EBSCO Industries, Inc. or Yankee Book Peddler, Inc. are acquired, customer information, which may include Personal Information, may be one of the transferred assets unless restricted by applicable local law.
D.   How Do We Secure Personal Information?
EBSCO Information Services has taken steps to ensure that Personal Information collected in the future inis secure, and we have limited the number of people who have access to the information, by electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. EBSCO Information Services provides links to third-party websites. These websites may not have the same privacy policies as EBSCO Information Services. We take reasonable care in recommending these websites but we are not responsible for their content or privacy policies. We urge users to read the privacy statement of a third-party website when leaving our Services and linking to a third-party website.

We always use industry-standard technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data we receive. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you in connection with our Services.
E.   How Can I Access, Correct, Amend or Remove Information About Me, etc.?
We want to assure you that you have access to your Personal Information that we collect and store. Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.  You may contact us either in writing or by e-mail at the contact information stated above to exercise the following rights:

Access your data to check and review them;
Have a copy of your personal data;
Demand that we supplement, correct or delete your personal data; or cease or restrict the collection, processing, use or disclosure of your personal data; the right of rectification will comprise the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement;
Object to the processing of your personal data;
Receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have it transmitted to another controller; provided that the processing is based on your respective consent or to execute a contractual relationship or a relationship prior to entering into contract with you.

We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days of receipt.
If you have granted consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect. Please address your withdrawal by contacting us in writing or by email at the contact information stated above.  
If you are located in the EU, after May 25, 2018, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in relation to the processing of your personal data.
F.  What Choices Do I Have?
We understand that you may not want to allow our disclosure of your Personal Information to our Contractors, or to let us use that information for purposes that you believe may be incompatible with the purpose for which it originally was collected (as permitted by this Privacy Policy) or that you later may authorize. Therefore, you may contact us to inform us that you do not want to permit these uses of your personal identifying information. To do so, please contact us by mail or email at the address or email address provided above.
It is important to us that the Personal Information we collect is appropriate and relevant to the purposes for which we intend to use it. We will use Personal Information only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the person providing the information. EBSCO Information Services will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
You may sign-up to receive email newsletters from us.  If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in emails we send to you or at your account settings on our website or by contacting us at privacy@ebsco.com.
G.    Collection and Use of Information from Children: Information for Parents
We offer Services to organizations that may be used by children under age 13.  For these Services, we comply with the provisions of the Children's On-Line Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") and other applicable laws.  Within our Services, we offer personalization features, like the ability to save previously viewed articles, that can be used by children under age 13. To use the personalization features, we ask the user to register with their first name, a random, user-generated, unique identifier, a password, a security question and a security answer. 
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under age 13, please contact us using the information listed above. If you are a parent and have questions about our practices, please feel free to contact us at the mailing address or email address listed above.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
EBSCO Information Services complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland to the United States.  EBSCO Information Services has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at [https://www.privacyshield.gov/list].
This Privacy Policy describe the types of personal information we collect, the types of third parties to which we disclose this information, and the purposes for which we do so.  Residents of the EU and Switzerland have the right to access the personal information that EBSCO Information Services maintains, and in some cases, may have the right to correct or amend personal information that is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, to the extent allowed by law.  To exercise this right, contact us at privacy@ebsco.com.
EBSCO Information Services remains liable if it transfers personal information to third parties who process this personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles.
With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EBSCO Information Services is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  In certain situations, EBSCO Information Services may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, EBSCO Information Services commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints may contact EBSCO Information Services by mail at 5724 Highway 280 E, Birmingham, AL 35242 USA, Attn: Data Privacy Officer or by email at privacy@ebsco.com.  EBSCO Information Services has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the U.S.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website [https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint], you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.  
Questions
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our practices, please send us an e-mail or write to us at the addresses found at that page or listed above.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at [https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request].
Changes to Privacy Policy
We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting an updated policy on this page. You acknowledge that any use of our Services is based on this Privacy Policy, current at the time of use.  If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice via the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Miscellaneous
Do Not Track Signals: EBSCO Information Services does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include ‘do not track’ instructions.
Data Protection Representatives - 




EBSCO Data Protection Representative


Country of Business Registration




EBSCO International, Inc.


United Kingdom and Sweden




EBSCO Information Services SAS


France




EBSCO GmbH


Austria




EBSCO Information Services GmbH


Germany




EBSCO Information Services B.V.


Netherlands




EBSCO Information Services S.r.l.


Italy




EBSCO Subscription Services Espana S.L.U.


Spain




EBSCO Information Services s.r.o.


Czech Republic




EBSCO Sp. zo.o.


Poland




 

EBSCO PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATED: November 13, 2017
EBSCO Industries, Inc. and its subsidiary EBSCO International, Inc. (collectively “EBSCO” or “we”), respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy.
EBSCO wants you to have a positive experience at the websites we operate. We want you to know that we respect the privacy and security of our users. Our goal is to provide you with an experience that delivers the information, resources and services that are helpful to you. In order to achieve this goal, we may collect information from you. We discuss our information collection practices below. This privacy policy sets forth the privacy principles we follow, in accordance with our operations.
This Privacy Policy sets forth the privacy practices in effect at EBSCO’s websites, including our Careers Site http://ebscoind.com/your-career/career-search/ (the “Websites”) and for information collected through the purchase of our products and services. The Websites do not include those sites which host our products, services and applications, which are governed by their own privacy policies.  If you do not agree to these terms, do not access these Websites.
For any questions on this Privacy Policy or our data practices, you can contact us:
By mail at            
EBSCO Industries, Inc. (Data Controller)
5724 Highway 280 E
Birmingham, AL 35242, USA
Attn: Josh Torres (Data Privacy Officer) 
By email at privacy@ebsco.com
By telephone at 1-205-991-6600
What Information Is Collected and How is it Used?
A.    What Information Do We Collect?
1. Personal Information: information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, including: name, title, company name, postal address, telephone number, email address, geolocation and IP address. In addition, our Careers Site collects the following Personal Information that you provide us in the job application process: employment history; resume or CV; education history; and sensitive and/or demographic information such as gender, information about your citizenship and/or nationality, medical or health information and/or your racial or ethnic origin.  If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. Non-Personal Information:  any information that does not directly reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual. This might include pseudonymous identifiers and information, device information, non-precise geolocation, information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies, and web server log files to track trends, administer the Website, track user movement, and gather demographic information.
B.   How Do We Collect the Information?
We will only collect and use Personal Information when a user voluntarily provides it to us, with the exception of your geolocation and IP address which may be automatically captured when you use our Websites. In order to use some portions of our Websites, a user must first complete a registration form or provide an e-mail address that will require disclosure of Personal Information. In addition, in order to apply for employment with EBSCO, you will have to disclose Personal Information regarding your identity and employment history. Such disclosure is strictly voluntary. In order to contact us by e-mail, however, you must provide an e-mail address.
We automatically collect non-Personal Information, including web server log files, generated from your use of our Websites.  We use this non-Personal Information in the aggregate.  We do not combine these types of non-Personal Information with Personal Information. We may also share aggregated demographic information with our business partners, sponsors, advertisers, and companies that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with EBSCO.
Cookies:  We may place a "cookie" or other tracking or information gathering device used in the industry in the browser files of a user's computer. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.  We use cookies to collect information about your use of our Websites, which enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Websites.  We also use cookies from third parties for marketing purposes (such as interest-based online advertising) that allow us to display EBSCO promotional material to you on other sites you visit across the internet partners based on your visit to our Websites.  Third party cookies are covered by the third party’s privacy policy.
Users can set their browsers or third party software to reject cookies. If a user rejects the cookie, the user may be unable to use portions of our Websites. Some of the third-party websites we provide links to also may use cookies. We have no control over these linked Websites or access to or control over cookies or other technology used by linked websites.
The following is a list of the cookies that may be used across the Websites:




Type


Name


Purpose




Analytics Cookie


Google Analytics


A third-party cookie provided by Google, Inc. that collects aggregate statistical data about how visitors use the Websites (i.e., what pages users visit, how long they are on the Websites, how they got there and what they click on) so that we can improve the user experience and serve up the content our visitors find most useful.  They do not collect or store Personal Information.
			You can find out more about Google’s privacy policy concerning its analytics service at Google privacy policy.  

			Google also offers a tool that allows you to opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites and can be found here. 




Advertising Cookie


DoubleClick by Google (Ad Platform)


A third-party cookie provided by Google, Inc. that collects data about your activities on the Websites and other websites to provide you targeted advertising, but does not personally or directly identify you.   This information may be used in combination with the data collected through the other cookies listed above. 
			You can find out more about Google’s privacy policy concerning its advertising features at Google privacy policy.
			You can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites here. You can also opt out with Ad Settings or the NAI’s consumer opt-out.




EBSCO’s Websites may use social media features, such as the Facebook ‘like’ button (“Social Media Features”). These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. You may be given the option by such Social Media Features to post information about your activities on our Websites to a profile page of yours that is provided by a third party Social Media network in order to share with others within your network. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the relevant Social Media Features.
Web Beacons:  EBSCO uses web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about customers’ and visitors’ usage of our Websites and interaction with emails from EBSCO. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon.  As with cookies, you can use your browser or app settings to control web beacons.
C.   How Do We Use the Information?
We will use the Personal Information we collect for limited internal purposes that may include, but are not limited to, processing your transactions, establishing the identity of account holders, customer service, assessing your qualifications for employment, verifying your employment application, and providing you with information concerning our products and services. We will retain this information. We also may use that Personal Information to improve and customize our content.
We use the non-Personal Information we collect, including web server log files to track trends, administer the Websites, track user movement, and gather demographic information.
We may use the Personal Information and non-Personal Information we collect by sharing it with third party agents, vendors, contractors, partners, or content providers of EBSCO (collectively, "Contractors") for purposes of managing purchases of our products and services, servicing our systems, data storage contact management, and obtaining support services for our businesses. We are not in the business of selling Personal Information to third parties or Contractors, and will share it with Contractors only as we describe in this Privacy Policy. In situations where we provide Personal Information to Contractors, we ensure access is granted to the Contractors only upon the condition that the Personal Information is kept confidential and is used only for carrying out the services these Contractors are performing for EBSCO. As part of making that determination whether we will provide Personal Information to Contractors, we will obtain assurances that they will safeguard Personal Information consistently with this Privacy Policy.
We may share your usage data related to our Services with our affiliates for purposes of providing or improving our Services. We will not disclose any information about your usage data related to our Services to unaffiliated third-parties, except as necessary to enhance the product experience, service the legal agreement between us and your employer or affiliated institution under which you are provided access to our Services, to enforce the terms of use, to meet our contractual obligations to report aggregated usage data to content providers, or as required by law.
We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information if we are required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect or advance the rights, property, safety, or well-being of our company, our employees, customers, or the public. 
We will not use your personal data for automated-decision making.
In the unlikely event that all or substantially all of the assets of EBSCO Industries, Inc. or EBSCO International, Inc. are acquired, customer information, which may include Personal Information, may be one of the transferred assets.
D.   How Do We Secure Personal Information?
EBSCO has taken steps to ensure that Personal Information collected in the future is secure, and we have limited the number of people who have access to the information, by electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. EBSCO provides links to third-party websites. These websites may not have the same privacy policies as EBSCO. We take reasonable care in recommending these websites but we are not responsible for their content or privacy policies. We urge users to read the privacy statement of a third-party website when leaving our Websites and linking to a third-party website.

We always use industry-standard technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you under this Privacy Policy.
E.   How Can I Access, Correct, Amend or Remove Information About Me, etc.?
We want to assure you that you have access to your Personal Information that we collect and store. Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.  You may contact us either in writing or by e-mail at the contact information stated above to exercise the following rights:

Access your data to check and review them;
Have a copy of your personal data;
Demand that we supplement, correct or delete your personal data; or cease or restrict the collection, processing, use or disclosure of your personal data; the right of rectification will comprise the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement;
Object to the processing of your personal data;
Receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have it transmitted to another controller; provided that the processing is based on your respective consent or to execute a contractual relationship or a relationship prior to entering into contract with you.

We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days of receipt.
If you have granted consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect. Please address your withdrawal by contacting us in writing or by email at the contact information stated above.  
If you are located in the EU, after May 25, 2018, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in relation to the processing of your personal data.
F.  What Choices Do I Have?
We understand that you may not want to allow our disclosure of your Personal Information to our Contractors, or to let us use that information for purposes that you believe may be incompatible with the purpose for which it originally was collected (as permitted by this Privacy Policy) or that you later may authorize. Therefore, you may contact us to inform us that you do not want to permit these uses of your personal identifying information. To do so, please contact us by mail or email at the address or email address provided above.
It is important to us that the Personal Information we collect is appropriate and relevant to the purposes for which we intend to use it. We will use Personal Information only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the person providing the information. EBSCO will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. 
You may sign-up to receive email newsletters from us.  If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in emails we send to you or at your account settings on our website or by contacting us at privacy@ebsco.com.
G.    Collection and Use of Information from Children
Our Websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Websites or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the information listed above.
If you are a parent and have questions about our practices, please feel free to contact us at the mailing address or email address listed above.
EU- U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
EBSCO complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework  and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland to the United States.  EBSCO has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at [https://www.privacyshield.gov/list].
This Privacy Policy describe the types of personal information we collect, the types of third parties to which we disclose this information, and the purposes for which we do so.  Residents of the EU and Switzerland have the right to access the personal information that EBSCO maintains, and in some cases, may have the right to correct or amend personal information that is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, to the extent allowed by law.  To exercise this right, contact us at privacy@ebsco.com.
EBSCO remains liable if it transfers personal information to third parties who process this personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles.
With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EBSCO is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  In certain situations, EBSCO may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, EBSCO commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints may contact EBSCO by mail at 5724 Highway 280 E, Birmingham, AL 35242 USA, Attn: Data Privacy Officer or by email at privacy@ebsco.com.  EBSCO has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the U.S.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website [https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint], you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.   
Questions
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our practices, please send us an e-mail or write to us at the addresses found at that page or listed above.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting an updated policy on this page. You agree that continued use of the Websites is an acknowledgment and consent to any terms contained in this Privacy Policy, current at the time of use. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Websites prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Miscellaneous
To learn more about the information practices of our divisions, please visit Luxor’s website here and Stand Up Desk Store’s website here.
Do Not Track Signals: EBSCO does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include ‘do not track’ instructions.

