Brisbane City Council's privacy, copyright and disclaimer statements are designed to protect your rights and govern the use of information on this website.
Privacy statement
Council will take all reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the privacy of individuals as required by the Information Privacy Act 2009 and the Information Privacy Principles contained in that Act.
Collecting your personal information
When collecting your personal information, Council will:
tell you for what purpose we will be collecting the information
tell you what information is necessary to access Council's products and services, including payments and transactions
tell you when the information needs to be passed on to Council’s contractors and agents who carry out activities on Council’s behalf
not ask for or collect any sensitive information about you unless it is necessary to meet legal, public interest or statistical requirements
not pass the information on to other entities without your consent unless it is required by law or for public interest
Using your personal information
When you provide Council with your personal information, Council will:
use the information to help you use Council services
gather the data for analysis
remove personally identifiable characteristics, unless you have given us specific consent to recognise your usage on an individual basis
Disclosing your personal information
Council will not disclose your personal information to any other person or organisation unless one of the following reasons applies:
you have given us your consent to do so
Council is required by law or authorised to do so under a law
there are grounds to believe disclosure will prevent a threat to life or health
that person or organisation is providing a service to Council and is required to maintain the same or similar privacy legislation principles
Council is of the opinion that it is unable to assist with your request and that another government agency or authority is more capable of assisting, or has the appropriate jurisdiction to assist with your request
Security of your personal information
When handling your personal information, Council will:
take reasonable steps to ensure that all information we collect, use or disclose is securely stored
monitor transmissions sent to or from Council for quality control and systems administration
strive to protect your personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access
operate secure servers to minimise the risk of unauthorised use of your credit card information
Accessing, correcting or updating your information
You can access the personal information that you give us in accordance with our obligations under the Right to Information/Information Privacy Act 2009.
Council will also take all reasonable steps to correct and update your personal information or remove it if it is no longer needed.
You can download the Information Privacy Information Amendment Application on the Queensland Government's Right to Information website.
Contacting Council for privacy matters
You can download Council's Privacy Policy:
Some documents on this page need Microsoft Word or Microsoft Word Viewer installed on your computer to view or print them.
If you think Council has breached your privacy and confidentiality, you may lodge a complaint with Council’s Information and Privacy Officer. Council will take your complaint seriously, investigate thoroughly and provide you with a response. If you are not satisfied with Council’s response, you may make a complaint to the Queensland Privacy Commissioner.
For more information on the privacy policy or to make a complaint, contact Council.

Information on the website
This website uses Google Analytics (including Display Advertising Features) to gather anonymous information about visitors to help us monitor and improve the website. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies and JavaScript code to gather information about how visitors use the site. For examples, number of visitors, browser information, pages viewed, IP address and demographic information. The information will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. 
This data is used by Brisbane City Council to analyse how visitors use the website in order to improve your user experience.
You can choose not to allow Google to collect your information by opting out of Google Analytics or specifically opt out of Google Analytics Display Advertiser Features. 
Alternatively, if you want to block cookies for all websites, you can change the privacy settings of your web browser (not recommended).
In addition, the website uses Facebook Pixels to tailor content specifically for you within Facebook and measure the success of campaigns. Facebook pixels use cookies, JavaScript code, web beacons and similar technologies to gather information. No personally identifiable information is shared with us by Facebook. The information will be transmitted to and stored by Facebook on servers in the United States. You can choose to opt out from tailored content through your Facebook settings.
In accordance with our privacy policy, Council does not collect or keep any personally identifiable information, nor track visits to any non-Council websites.

Website surveys
Sometimes Council conducts website surveys using systems developed by SurveyGizmo and Qualtrics. Data collected in these surveys is handled in accordance with Council's Privacy Policy.

Copyright
Brisbane City Council supports and encourages the reuse of its information (including data), and endorses the use of the Australian Government's Open Access and Licensing Framework.
Council material on this website is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 Licence. However, this does not extend to Council insignia, branding, trademarks, and where otherwise indicated. 
Please give attribution to: © Brisbane City Council 2016.
As part of attribution, we also ask that you observe and retain any copyright or related notices that may accompany this material.
Third-party material
Council has taken steps to identify third-party material and secure permission for its reproduction and reuse. If you believe content has been made available without permission, please contact us. 
Where third-party materials are not licensed under a Creative Commons licence or similar terms of use, you should get permission from third parties to re-use their material beyond the ways you are permitted to use it under the Copyright Act 1968.
The following table lists common types of third-party materials on this website and their terms of use:
Third-party material
Copyright terms of use
Trademarks, insignia, coats of arms, logos, branding
Not to be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission
Images, reports or other documents where it is noted that all rights are reserved
Not to be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission
Stock images
Not to be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission
Images and text in Council's libraries catalogue
Not to be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission
All images relating to exhibitions hosted by Council's art galleries and museums
Not to be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission
Images or text from a web page that notes that some images or text are 'copyright - all rights reserved'
Contact us to confirm terms of use before using any images or text from that web page
Please note that websites linked to from Council's website are provided for convenience and are not necessarily endorsed by Council.
Disclaimer
Council distributes the information on this website as a general reference source.
This website contains links to other websites operated by organisations other than Council. The other websites are outside of Council's control and links are provided for your convenience.
Despite our best efforts, Council makes no warranties that the information in this publication is free of infection by computer viruses or other contamination.
Council disclaims all responsibility and all liability (including through negligence) for all expenses, losses, damages and costs you might incur as a result of the information on this website or any linked website being inaccurate or incomplete.
Emails from Council disclaimer
Except as required at law, Brisbane City Council does not represent, warrant and/or guarantee that the integrity of this communication has been maintained nor that the communication is free of errors, virus, interception or interference.
While care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the information contained in this communication, Brisbane City Council, its Councillors, officers, employees, consultants and agents accept no responsibility for any errors or for any consequence of its use.  Any action taken, or omission made by a user or other person in reliance of this information is taken or made at the sole risk and expense of that person.  No person should rely on the contents of this communication for the purpose of ascertaining the legal rights or obligations of any person or for any other purpose without first obtaining legal or other relevant professional advice.
