
Data Protection
See only collects personal information about you (for example your name, address, telephone number, email address and credit card details) when you specifically provide us with such information on a voluntary basis, for example when purchasing or enquiring about event tickets online. Any personal information we collect via our web site will never be released or sold to any companies or individuals outside of See or our authorised partner companies.
We will not share your personal information for marketing or any other purposes without your consent unless where required by law. If you have registered your interest with www.seetickets.com and/or any of our associated companies, and thereby given your consent, you may be contacted with relevant promotions, offers or information that you have expressed an interest in or that might be of interest to you.
What we do with your information
We use the information you provide us with to sell you the tickets you requested. We may occasionally use some of the same information (such as the type of tickets you requested) to tailor the content of this site to the interests of our users. By making a purchase from this site you are consenting to your financial and/or personal information being passed to any third party organisations necessary to process your transactions with See, such as credit card companies, banks and the companies that handle shipping on our behalf. Except for these specific cases, we will never share financial information with third parties without your specific consent.
Third Party companies
When you bought your ticket(s) you MAY HAVE BEEN asked if you wished to be contacted by carefully selected third parties. Depending on how you replied, third parties may contact you by post or email with information or offers regarding their goods and services.
Opting out
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO RECEIVE FURTHER UPDATES PLEASE CLICK HERE. We will always respect your privacy and any personal communication between you and ourselves. We will always comply with any data protection legislation currently in force.
Information and the law
We may occasionally release your personal or financial information to assist law enforcement, to comply with laws or regulations, to enforce the terms under which you transacted with See, or to protect the rights, property or safety of See, users of the site or others.
Security measures
We take the security of your personal information very seriously. Consequently we use 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption for all your transactions with See. This system encrypts all your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read if intercepted by a malicious third party.
Third Party sites
See is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party sites linked to this site. Consequently we advise you to read their privacy policies before submitting data to such sites.

