
Data Protection
1. What Data do we Collect?
See collects specific personal data about you when you choose to purchase a ticket from us or enquire to purchase a ticket from us. The following data about you is collected:

Name
Address
Telephone Number
Email address
Credit / Debit card details

The data is collected via our website, www.seetickets.com as well as from our call centre should you call us to purchase or enquire about ticket for events we are selling for. 
2. What is the purpose for collecting your data?
See will only process the data detailed in section 1 to sell you the tickets you have requested and to keep you updated with news about the specific event you have bought tickets for.
See will process your data for marketing purposes only if you have given consent in the form of ticking the box during the process of buying a ticket or, in the case of a See Tickets account holder, if you have opted in to receiving data from See Tickets in your preferences.
With regards to holders of a See Tickets account, we will use your data and purchase and search history to tailor the content of the site to best suit your interests.
See Tickets retains your data for 15 years from the moment of your first purchase or account creation.
3. What we do not do with your Data?
See will never share nor sell your data to 3rd parties without your specific permission.
By subscribing to See's free newsletter you will be the first to learn about new products, valuable tips and news as well as exclusive offers.
4. Third Party Companies
3rd Parties
	See will only process your data with 3rd party organisations if you have consented to hearing news and data from them. See will specify who the data will be shared with during the process of purchasing a ticket. The 3rd parties may, from time to time, send you data about the event you have purchased tickets for, as well as further data for similar shows and events.
All 3rd party organisations must adhere to the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.
Financial Organisations
	By making a purchase from See Tickets you are consenting to your financial and/or personal data being passed to any third party organisations necessary to process your transactions with See, such as credit card companies, banks and the companies that handle shipping on our behalf.
Social Media
	See will share your data with social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to market for specific events you have purchased tickets for the same event previously. See will only use this data if you have given consent in the form of ticking the box during the process of buying a ticket or, in the case of a See Tickets account holder, if you have opted in to receiving data from See Tickets in your preferences. 
5. Opting out
Preferences
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO RECEIVE FURTHER UPDATES YOU CAN OPT OUT BY CLICKING HERE.
6. Subject Access Requests
The customer has the right to request access to all the data that See Tickets has on them. The customer also has the right to ask See Tickets to erase all data that See Tickets has on them. As part of this process See Tickets must provide and/or erase all the data that has been shared with any data processor.
If a customer would like to action a right to request, then please email customerrelations@seetickets.com or the DPO.
7. Data and the law
We may occasionally release your personal or financial data to assist law enforcement, to comply with laws or regulations, to enforce the terms under which you transacted with See, or to protect the rights, property or safety of See, users of the site or others.
8. Security measures
We take the security of your personal data very seriously. Consequently we use 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption for all your transactions with See. This system encrypts all your personal data, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read if intercepted by a malicious third party.
9. Data Protection Officer (DPO)
If you would like further information on See's Data Protection Policy then you can contact the Data Protection Officer.
See Tickets' Data Protection Officer is Alex Spencer. He can be contacted via:
Email: alex.spencer@seetickets.com
Post: Amadeus House, 27b Floral Street, London, WC2E 9DP
Phone: 0207 087 7814

