What is your privacy policy? Elverys Sports takes the security of your details very seriously. This Privacy Policy explains how Elverys Sports we collect, store and use your personal data when you browse and use Elverys.ie, and when you provide us with your personal data. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Website you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy, you must not use the Website.By continuing to browse our site, you consent to our placing cookies on your computer (unless you have chosen to disable them via your browser).We respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining it. We only collect, store and process your personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988, the Data Protection (Amendment) Act 2003 and the ePrivacy Regulations 2011 (S.I.336 of 2011). What information might be held about me? When you buy something from us, we’ll direct you through the checkout process. During this process we ask for information about you, including your name, date of birth, billing address, delivery address, payment method details, and a password. We use this information to process your order and to enable you to be able to login at a later time to review your order history.We may also gather information about how you use the website and aggregate this information with usage information from other customers to determine how to improve the website. We use the non-personal data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.As part of our newsletter sign-up process, we may ask for your email address, name, age, and interests. This is so that we may communicate to you personally. We may tell you about changes to the products and services, promotions, and offers. We will use the information you provide to tailor our communications to you and make them relevant. Who do we share personal information with? We share personal information with three separate parties in order to complete your transaction:Our eCommerce Platform Provider. We pass along information so that they may process card transactions, screen for fraud, and conduct other activities integral to running a website. In addressing fraud prevention, we may disclose your address details to them to check against various Fraud Prevention SchemesOur Carriers. We pass along your information to our carriers so that they may deliver your order to you.Transaction Partners: We have a relationship with PayPal, and will send information to them for payment processing if you select that option during Checkout. How do I unsubscribe? There are several ways to let us know how you’d like us to communicate with you or to unsubscribe:All emails contain information at the bottom of the email about how you can unsubscribe.Email us at online@elverys.ie or call 1850 438 348. How do we protect your information? We endeavour to protect your information in the following ways:When you place an order, we offer the use of a secure server. A secure server encrypts all of the information you input before it is sent to us, thus protecting your confidential data from unauthorised use;We will not request information which is excessive for our purposes;Try, with your assistance, to keep any information we hold about you up to date and accurate;Protect your data against unauthorised use.We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information, which you have given to us, to prevent unauthorised access. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose information to you. How do I contact Elverys Sports? If you would like to contact us, you can email online@elverys.ie or call 1850 438 348. 