
This site is owned and operated by Animals Australia inc. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us.
Because we gather certain types of information about our visitors, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Overview
Animals Australia gathers two types of information about visitors:
Information that visitors provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, to email a friend, and from participation in polls and surveys.
Information Animals Australia gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites: this information allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs. Animals Australia does not divulge any information about an individual visitor to third parties for marketing purposes. 
What Information is Gathered? 
Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by visitors:
 Electronic newsletters policy (e-updates)
We offer a free electronic newsletter to visitors. Animals Australia gathers the email addresses and optional contact details of visitors who voluntarily subscribe. Visitors may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter.
"E-mail this to a friend" policy
Our site visitors can choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to someone else by clicking "e-mail this to a friend". The visitor must provide their email address, as well as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
Contact Forms
We provide forms throughout this website for purposes such as contacting Animals Australia, requesting Action Packs and other purposes. All information that is volunatrily submitted in these forms will be recorded and used for the stated purpose of that form (such as responding to a request for information, action pack, etc.). These transactions are recorded by Animals Australia for record keeping purposes.
Other Purposes
Campaign tools on our sites enable visitors to engage in fast and effective online activism. Online activism including petitions and advocacy campaigns may require certain information to be disclosed to petition or advocacy campaign targets for the purpose of lobbying or advocacy as indicated on all pages that include this feature. Animals Australia provides guidance to visitors on how to communicate for the purpose of lobbying and online activism. We are however, not responsible for the views or opinions made in any communication addressed to the intended target of a campaign. Such views and opinions are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent the views or policies of Animals Australia, its officers or employees. 
Usage Tracking
Animals Australia tracks visitor traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual visitors. Animals Australia does break down overall usage statistics according to a visitor's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every visitor's browser).
Cookies
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site.
Security
Animals Australia takes all reasonable efforts to protect the security of information obtained through our network of websites. Your personal information will never be disclosed to a third party for marketing purposes.Occasionally Animals Australia will partner with colleague organisations to run joint campaign initiatives. In these rare cases, visitors may have the opportunity to join an e-mail list of our campaign partners on a jointly run website. Joint opt in preferences will always be clearly labelled on-screen. Please note that opting in to partner lists is never mandatory, and that lists run by partner organisations are governed by the privacy policy of the respective organisation.
Please note that posing as a fraudulent identity or supplying information on behalf of others without their prior consent is in breach of the terms of use of this website.
Opt-In / Opt-Out Policy 
Our mailing list is a strict opt-in service, meaning, you must specifically request to be included on the list. You will not be added to the mailing list without your consent. Visitors can subscribe to the mailing list manually, or by opting in via one of our website contact forms (see above). 
Links to opt-out of the mailing list are included at the bottom of every email broadcast that we send. 
Your Consent 
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Animals Australia. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

