Sighthound, Inc. (“Sighthound”) is committed to protecting your privacy. The following Privacy Policy sets forth Sighthound’s information gathering, use and dissemination practices.
Sighthound does not collect personal information about you (e.g., addresses, phone numbers, or e-mail addresses) except when you specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis, or when you sign up for a product or service from the Sighthound Web site.
Sighthound takes your privacy concerns very seriously. If you still have concerns about privacy issues after reading this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@sighthound.com
OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
If you have downloaded a product or signed up for another product or service through our Web site, we may use personally identifiable information about you to deliver information to you that is targeted to your interests. You can remove yourself from receiving such information at any time by notifying us at privacy@sighthound.com. You will however always receive notifications necessary for the operation of your Sighthound account.
Sighthound uses your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address to help diagnose problems with our computer server, to administer our Web site, and to gather broad demographic data. Your IP address does not contain any personal information about you.
Please note that non-personal data and information may be automatically collected through the use of cookies generated by Sighthound (“cookies”) or by virtue of the standard operation of Sighthound’s computer servers. In general, cookies are text files a Web site uses to recognize repeat users and take minimal space on your computer. The way cookies function is by assigning a number to the user that has no meaning outside of the assigning Web site. Users should be aware that Sighthound cannot control the use of cookies (or the resulting information) by Sighthound’s third-party partners or advertisers. By making the appropriate adjustment to your browser preferences, you can choose to accept or deny the use of cookies. However, please note that there may be features on this Web site which require the use of cookies in order to personalize the delivery of information to you.
CLOUD SERVICES AND THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS
Sighthound may make available to you, through its web site or by access through the web site of a third party, certain products, services or demonstrations of products and/or services. You may elect to send, or otherwise transmit via application programming interfaces, data or media, such as video clips, still images or other data (collectively "Media") to servers under the control of Sighthound in order to take advantage of the product, service or demonstration. In such cases Sighthound will process the Media on its servers and, in the process of doing so, or thereafter, use the Media on automated systems to train and test machine learning algorithms. Media is not linked to any personally identifiable information, is not used for any marketing purpose, and is not sold, leased or otherwise made available to any third parties. By using the product, service or demonstration you provide permission for Sighthound to access, hold and store such Media as are required to fulfil the request you are making of Sighthound's servers.
DATA SECURITY
Sighthound’s Web site uses certain security measures to protect the misuse, alteration, and loss of the information under our control. Sighthound makes every effort to ensure the security of our network and systems; however, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will provide complete protection against third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information. If, at any time you suspect that a problem may be present regarding the information you disclose to us, please contact us info@sighthound.com immediately, and we will do our best to resolve the problem.
USER ABILITY TO ACCESS, UPDATE AND CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Should you have the opportunity to set up a personal profile on Sighthound, you will have access to a Web page that will allow you to review and update your personal information.
OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Sighthound does not rent, sell or distribute personal information about its users to any third parties. In the event Sighthound intends to engage in such commerce in the future, we will notify you, and you will have an opportunity to remove yourself from any such lists. Sighthound may, however, share information regarding statistical analysis of user usage of the various parts of this Web site with current and prospective advertisers, and other interested third parties. But, this information is aggregated data only, and contains no personally identifiable information whatsoever.
Sighthound will not monitor, edit, or disclose any personal information about you or your account without your prior consent unless Sighthound has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) comply with legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Sighthound; (iii) enforce the Terms of Use, which can be accessed at www.sighthound.com/terms; or (iv) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of Sighthound’s services or equipment as authorized by law.
Please be aware that any information you voluntarily disclose in public forums, chat areas, on bulletin boards, or in classified areas within this Web site, may be collected and disseminated by third-parties, and may result in unsolicited messages and offers from third-parties. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and any third-party conduct is out of the control of Sighthound. Accordingly, please exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose any personal information.
Our Web site may contain links to other third party Web sites. Sighthound is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such Web sites.
CORPORATE EVENTS
Notwithstanding anything herein, all information, data and Media held by Sighthound or held on servers under the control of Sighthound shall pass without hindrance to the surviving or acquiring entity in the event that Sighthound enters into a merger with, or acquisition by, or a sale of all or substantially all of its assets to, a third party.
REVISIONS AND AMENDMENTS
This privacy policy is effective as of May 10, 2013. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of a user. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Web site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting.
