Sighthound, Inc. (“Sighthound” or “We”) is committed to protecting your privacy. The following Privacy Policy sets forth Sighthound’s information gathering, use and dissemination practices.
1. Who Are We?
Sighthound, Inc, a Delaware corporation, with principal place of business at 101 S. New York Avenue, Suite 211, Winter Park, FL 32789, USA.
1.2 What Data Do We Collect?

I am a visitor to the Sighthound website:
	We collect your IP address and use cookies.


I am downloading software from the Sighthound website:
	We require that you provide us with a name and e-mail address to create an account to download the software. We verify that you are not from a country that the United States does not allow us to sell software to.


I am using Sighthound Video software on a computer at my home:
	We verify that you have a valid license to use the software. We do not access, store, transmit or keep any of your videos or images.


I submit a bug report to you:
	We have the data you sent to us in the bug report.


I am using the demonstration page of the Sighthound Cloud service or have programmed my application to use the Sighthound Cloud API:
	You are uploading images to servers under our control at a cloud service provider. We will run the images through our software in the Cloud. It will extract information from the image known as a feature map or model. That model is then used to deliver a result to you.


I am using the Sentry SDK:
	You have given us your company name and e-mail address. We will have verified that you are neither a prohibited person nor from a country that the United States does not allow us to sell software to.

3. Do We Give Your Data to Third Parties?
No. We do not give, sell, lease or otherwise make available your data to third parties.
4. How Do We Use Your Information?

To take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, such as respond to an enquiry you make of us


To decide whether the commercial opportunity warrants us entering into a contract


To manage and perform under the contract


To ensure our records remain relevant


For good governance, accounting, managing and auditing our business operations


To let you know that a new version of bug fix is available for the software product we have provided to you


For market research, analysis and developing statistics


To send you marketing communications regarding our business with your consent


To be able to respond when you exercise your rights under data protection law and make requests


For compliance with legal, regulatory requirements and related disclosures


For establishment and defense of legal rights


For activities relating to the prevention, detection and investigation of crime


To verify your identity, engage in fraud prevention


To train and improve computer vision models with data which is then present only in an abstracted, unreconstructable form.


To monitor emails, calls, other communications, and activities on your account, such as when you communicate with us that you are having an issue with the software, we reference if you have had such issues before


When we process categories of personal data, such as video files, video streams or image data, at your request


To deliver alerts to your mobile device when configured to do so within Sighthound Video

5. Sighthound Accounts
Sighthound Accounts are used to store licenses and API keys that you have either been given or have purchased. Although you can remove yourself from any marketing related materials by notifying us at privacy@sighthound.com, you will continue to receive any notifications necessary for the correct functioning of your Sighthound account.
6. How Do We Use Your IP Address?
Sighthound uses your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address to help diagnose problems with our products and services, to administer our website, to block access to individuals or entities that we are either required to block by law or according to our business practices, to control access to free or limited-time trials, and to gather broad demographic data. Your IP address does not contain any other personal information about you.
7. Cookies And Analytics
Data and information may be automatically collected through the use of cookies generated by Sighthound (“cookies”) or by virtue of the standard operation of Sighthound’s computer servers. In general, cookies are text files a website uses to recognize repeat users and take minimal space on your computer. The way cookies function is by assigning a number to the user that has no meaning outside of the assigning website. By making the appropriate adjustment to your browser preferences, you can choose to accept or deny the use of cookies. However, please note that there may be features on this Web site which require the use of cookies in order to personalize the delivery of information to you.
There are other similar technologies such as pixel tags (transparent graphic images placed on a web page or in an email, which indicate that a page or email has been viewed), web bugs (similar to pixel tags), and web storage, which are used in desktop software or mobile devices.
There are also technologies such as mobile device identifiers and SDK integrations to help companies recognise your device when you return to an app or otherwise use the a service.
8. These Are Your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

The right to be informed


The right of access


The right of rectification


The right of erasure


The right to restrict processing


The right to data portability


The right to object


Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling

9. How Long Do We Retain Your Data For?
We will retain your data whether you become a customer or not for:

As long as necessary to deal with your query


As long as is necessary to ensure that you are not trying to obtain multiple or consecutive copies of our software on a free trial rather than pay for its use


As long as is necessary for questions or answers you have submitted to our forum to remain viewable by our online community


As long as you might legally bring a claim against us


As long as the data is required for any computer vision models it has been used to train to continue to function or be improved


After your account has been closed or otherwise come to an end based on our legal and regulatory requirements

10. Fraud Prevention
Because we offer limited time free services, such as free trials of Sighthound Video and Sighthound Sentry, we have a legitimate interest, as defined by GDPR rules, in ensuring that those trials are not used as means of defrauding the company. We therefore retain information about who has had a free or time-limited trial of our software.
11. Cloud Services and Third Party Applications
Sighthound may make available to you, through its website, mobile applications, or by access through the website of a third party, certain products, services or demonstrations of products and/or services. You may elect to send, or otherwise transmit via application programming interfaces (API), data or media, such as video clips, still images or other data (collectively "Media") to servers under the control of Sighthound in order to take advantage of the product, service or demonstration. In such cases Sighthound will process the Media on its servers and, in the process of doing so, or thereafter, use the Media on automated systems to train and test machine learning algorithms. Media is not linked to any personally identifiable information, is not used for any marketing purpose, and is not sold, leased or otherwise made available to any third parties. In using the product, service or demonstration you will be providing permission for Sighthound to access, hold and store such Media.
12. Data Security
Sighthound’s website uses certain security measures to protect the misuse, alteration, and loss of the information under our control. Sighthound makes every effort to ensure the security of our network and systems; however, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will provide complete protection against third-party hackers from illegally obtaining this information. If, at any time you suspect that a problem may be present regarding the information you disclose to us, please contact us at privacy@sighthound.com immediately, and we will do our best to resolve the problem.
13. Your Ability to Correct Personal Information
To the extent that you are able to set up a personal profile on Sighthound, you will have access to a webpage that will allow you to review and update your personal information.
14. Our Disclosure of Your Information
Sighthound will not monitor, edit, or disclose any personal information about you or your account without your prior consent unless Sighthound has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) comply with legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Sighthound; (iii) enforce the Terms of Use, which can be accessed at www.sighthound.com/terms; or (iv) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of Sighthound’s services or equipment as authorized by law.
15. Age Limitations
To the extent it is prohibited by applicable law, we do not allow use of our services and websites by anyone younger than 16 years old. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please contact us and we will takes steps to delete such information.
16. Your Own Disclosure of Information in Forums
Please be aware that any information you voluntarily disclose in public forums, chat areas, on bulletin boards, or in classified areas within this website, may be collected and disseminated by third-parties, and may result in unsolicited messages and offers from third-parties. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and any third-party conduct is out of the control of Sighthound. Accordingly, please exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose any personal information.
Our website may contain links to other third party websites. Sighthound is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such websites.
17. Corporate Events Involving Sighthound
Notwithstanding anything herein, all information, data and Media held by Sighthound or held on servers under the control of Sighthound shall pass without hindrance to the surviving or acquiring entity in the event that Sighthound enters into a merger with, or acquisition by, or a sale of all or substantially all of its assets to, a third party.
18. Changes to this Policy
This privacy policy is effective as of May 25, 2018. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of a user. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the website. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting.
19. What Do I Do If I Have Concerns?
Sighthound takes your privacy concerns very seriously. If you still have concerns about privacy issues after reading this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@sighthound.com, or, if you prefer, you may write to us at the following address:
Data Protection Officer
Sighthound, Inc.
101 S. New York Avenue, Suite 211
Winter Park, FL 32789
