
Last updated on April 4, 2016
American Discount Cruises Inc., doing business as American Discount Cruises & Travel®, makes it a priority to keep your personal information secure and confidential. This privacy policy applies to this web site: www.AmericanDiscountCruises.com.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our web site?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, date of birth, country of citizenship, country of residency, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information (including billing address), or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our web site, make a reservation, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, or enter information on our site.
If you provide the PII of any person other than yourself (including, but not limited to, people that are traveling via a reservation you book), you must obtain their consent to do so, provided that they also allow our collection of PII per this Privacy Policy.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a reservation, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the web site, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our web site in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To process your transactions.
To issue invoices to you for reservations you've made.
To record your travel preferences.
To provide quotes to you on products you express the desire to be quoted on.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
To follow up with you after correspondence (email or phone inquiries)

How do we protect visitor information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:

Help process reservations.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled resulting in your site experience will not being as efficient, with some of our services will not functioning properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include web site hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our web site, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. This also does not include needing to provide such information in connection with our company's sale, merger, spin-off or any other corporate reorganization we may undergo, in which providing such information is considered legal and falls into the regular course of business. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our web site. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies (which we encourage you to review). We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We have implemented the following Google services on our web site:

Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
Google Analytics Advertising Features
Google Adwords Remarketing
Google Analytics Remarketing

We along with third-party vendors, such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our web site.
Google Analytics Advertising Features enables data to be collected via cookies (including the Google Analytics cookie and Google advertising cookies), about our web site's traffic. Such data is not personally identifiable.
Google Adwords Remarketing and Google Analytics Remarketing are services that use cookies (using information that is not personally identifiable) to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our web site. This may employ use of the DoubleClick cookie. This results in other web sites showing our advertisements to users that have previously visited our web site.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page (including opting out of their cookies). Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) and Minors
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of web sites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.
We do not intentionally sell or market to anyone under the age of 18.  If you are under 18 years of age, you are only authorized (to the applicable extent of the law) to use this web site with the supervision and permission of a parent or guardian.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:

Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders/reservations, and to send information and updates pertaining to orders/reservations.
We may send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.

To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM we agree to the following:

NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using a link at the bottom of each marketing-related email.

If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can notify us via email at support@americandiscountcruises.com
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below:
Via postal mail:
American Discount Cruises & Travel
376 Route 9 North
Englishtown, NJ 07726
USA
Via email: admin@americandiscountcruises.com
Via phone:
Toll Free: 866-214-7447 (US & Canada)
Local: 732-970-9142
International: +001-732-970-9142

Please note that we review our Privacy Policy from time to time, and we may make periodic changes to the policy in connection with that review. You may want to bookmark this page and/or review this page from time to time to make sure that you've read the most current version.

