




                            Don't miss the Hottest Deals!
                        
Join our E-mail List




Cruises
Cruise Tours

Advanced Cruise Search







                
                    
                      Need Help?
                    
                    
                      Call our travel experts at
866-214-7447
                    
                    
                      
                    
                    
                      for any help you need in  planning
                        and booking your vacation!
                    
                  
                
Privacy Policy                      
                    American Discount Cruises Inc. (DBA American Discount Cruises & Travel) believes in your right to privacy and will only use the information you provide to better serve your vacation needs. We do not sell this information to any other third parties. During the course of booking your cruise, American Discount Cruises Inc. will need to gather certain personal information, like your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card number. This information will only be used by American Discount Cruises Inc., your travel provider(s), and insurance provider(s), as required to secure passage. American Discount Cruises Inc. will also keep records of your preferences and chosen itineraries in order to serve you better on future vacations.

                      When browsing our site, you do not have to give any personal information, unless you choose to make a purchase or sign up for our e-mail newsletter. We do not knowingly permit the site to be used by any person under the age of eighteen and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. A valid credit card is required to make a purchase on our site.

                      All personal information you provide to us, via our web site, is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us - ensuring that all of your personal information is as safe as possible.

                      Within our site there are links to other web sites, such as cruise line web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another web site for which American Discount Cruises Inc. has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such sites as their policies may be different from ours.

                      Please note that we review our Privacy Policy from time to time, and we may make periodic changes to the policy in connection with that review. So, you may want to bookmark this page and/or review this page from time to time to make sure that you have the most current version.

Thank you for choosing American Discount Cruises & Travel!

