
Privacy Policy
American Discount Cruises Inc. ("us", "we", or "our"), doing business as American Discount Cruises & Travel®, makes it a priority to keep your personal information secure and confidential. We operate the www.AmericanDiscountCruises.com web site (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service, and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms & Conditions page.
Definitions

Service: Service is the http://www.americandiscountcruises.com website operated by American Discount Cruises Inc.
Personal Data: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Data Controller: Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers): Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User): Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.

Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data: While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email Address
First name, middle name, and last name
Date of Birth
Phone Number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City, Country of Residence, Country of Citizenship
Credit card information (if you are making a purchase)
							Cookies and Usage Data

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
If you provide the personal information of any person other than yourself (including, but not limited to, people that are traveling via a reservation you book), you must obtain their consent to do so, provided that they also allow our collection of their data per this Privacy Policy.
Usage Data: We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data: We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so ("Location Data"). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your device settings.
Tracking & Cookies Data: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:

Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

Cookies Policy
						By using this Service, you consent to the use of cookies.  Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
						
						What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
How we use cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes:

To enable certain functions of the Service
To provide analytics
To store your preferences
To enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising

We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:

Essential cookies: We may use cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as a user's language preference on the Service.
Accounts-related cookies: We may use accounts-related cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. We may use these cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as the "remember me" functionality.
Analytics cookies: We may use analytics cookies to track information how the Service is used so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Service to see how our users react to them.
Advertising cookies: These type of cookies are used to deliver advertisements on and through the Service and track the performance of these advertisements. These cookies may also be used to enable third-party advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities or interests.

Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
Your choices regarding cookies
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note; however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.


For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050


For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer


For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored


For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US


For any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages. The links above are subject to change at the discretion of the web browser company - please let us know if one of the links above do not work for you.


More information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:

AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: https://www.networkadvertising.org/

Use of Data
American Discount Cruises Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service
To process your transactions
To issue invoices to you for reservations you have made with us
To record your preferences
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service, when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide quotes to you on products you express the desire to be quoted for
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), American Discount Cruises Inc.'s legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
American Discount Cruises Inc. may process your Personal Data because:

We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law

Retention of Data
American Discount Cruises Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
American Discount Cruises Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
American Discount Cruises Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If American Discount Cruises Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, spin-off, asset sale, or any other corporate reorganization your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, American Discount Cruises Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
American Discount Cruises Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of American Discount Cruises Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability

Security of Data
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform web sites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. American Discount Cruises Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:


The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data by contacting us.


The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.


The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.


The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.


The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.


The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where American Discount Cruises Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.


Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. Service Providers have separate and independent privacy polices, which we encourage you to review. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.


Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en


Behavioral Remarketing
American Discount Cruises Inc. uses remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.


Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en


Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation


We have implemented the following Google services on our web site:

Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
Google Analytics Advertising Features
Google Adwords Remarketing
Google Analytics Remarketing

We along with third-party vendors, such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our web site.
Google Analytics Advertising Features enables data to be collected via cookies (including the Google Analytics cookie and Google advertising cookies), about our web site's traffic. Such data is not personally identifiable. We have set our Google Analytics account to not automatically expire the data that is collected on our web site, as we use such data to optimize our advertising and improve our web site.
Google Adwords Remarketing and Google Analytics Remarketing are services that use cookies (using information that is not personally identifiable) to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our web site. This may employ use of the DoubleClick cookie. This results in other web sites showing our advertisements to users that have previously visited our web site.
Google Analytics was enhanced to automatically take advantage of cross-device remarketing functionality that was already available in Adwords and DoubleClick. This allows us to reach customers across devices through Google Analytics Audiences. If someone visits our web site on one device, we can now reach them with more relevant ads when they search or browse on another device. Where users have chosen to enable Google to associate their web and app browsing history with their Google account, and to use information from their Google account to personalize ads, Google will use data from its signed-in users together with our Google Analytics data to build audience lists for cross-device remarketing. In order to support this feature, two things happen: First, for users on our site, Google Analytics will collect Google-authenticated identifiers associated with users' Google Accounts (and therefore, personal information). Second, Google Analytics will temporarily join these identifiers to our Google Analytics data in order to support our audiences.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors). In such a case, your payment card details will beprovided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include web site hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our web site, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.						
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) and Minors
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of web sites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.
We do not intentionally sell or market to anyone under the age of 18.  If you are under 18 years of age, you are only authorized (to the applicable extent of the law) to use this web site with the supervision and permission of a parent or guardian.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:

Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders/reservations, and to send information and updates pertaining to orders/reservations.
We may send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.

To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM we agree to the following:

NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using a link at the bottom of each marketing-related email.

If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can notify us via email at support@americandiscountcruises.com
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a  notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below:
Via postal mail:
                          American Discount Cruises & Travel
                          376 Route 9 North
                          Englishtown, NJ 07726
                          USA
Via email: admin@americandiscountcruises.com
Via phone:
                          Toll Free: 866-214-7447 (US & Canada) | 0800 098 8041 (UK)
                          Local: 732-970-9142
                          International: +001-732-970-9142

