Privacy on PC World
Is shopping online with PC World safe?
Payment information you send us is SSL-encrypted, so outside parties can’t intercept, retrieve or use it
At PC World, we care about security and make every effort to ensure our transaction process is safe and that your personal information is secure.   We can assure you that every order you make on our website is safe. We use strict security precautions to make our website safe, including the use of a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) server. Any information you enter while you're using the secure server is encrypted before being transmitted, so it is virtually impossible for an outside party to access or intercept your information.   You can check that you are shopping in a secure environment by looking for either a locked padlock icon or an image of a key in the bar at the bottom of your screen. Additionally, your web address should start with https: - the ‘s’ indicating it is a secure page. This should appear on any page where you are entering personal information, such as your payment card details.   The latest versions of the most popular browsers, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox support this secure connection. If for any reason this option has been disabled on your browser, you will not be able to transact or login until you reset these options. Find this option in your browser settings under security.
 
How do you protect my credit card details and personal information?
Our website is verified by Norton Secure, powered by Verisign to protect your personal data. Your payment methods are also covered through MasterCard Secure Code or Verified by Visa.   For your additional security and to protect your personal information we request that you enter your password each time you wish to view a page containing your personal details.   You can enrol your card in MasterCard SecureCode or Verified by Visa scheme if you are not already a part of them. You will be able to set a private code for online transactions, giving you added protection against the unauthorised use of your credit or debit card online.   The full details of our Privacy Policy are below in our official Privacy Policy. This policy will explain all about what information we collect from you, how we use that information and your rights around retrieving or removing any information we hold in relation to you, as well as our complete guide to the use of cookies on our website.
 
 
Our Privacy Policy
Last updated: 07.06.2012
 
 
Who we are
In this Privacy Policy references to ‘we’ and ‘us’ are to DSG Retail Limited trading as PC World, Currys and Knowhow, company number 504877, registered office: 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS.
 
 What information we collect and how
The information we collect via this website may include:
(1)  Any personal details you type in and submit, such as name, address, email address, etc. We only collect information that we require for completion of orders and account set up. We never store payment details on the websites.   (2) Data which allows us to recognise you, your preferences (including items added to your basket) and how you use this website. This saves you from re-entering information when you return to the site. This data is collected by cookies from your navigation around the site. A complete guide to our cookies policy and how to control cookies on your computer can be found on our complete guide to cookies here .   (3) Your IP address (this is your computer’s individual identification number) which is automatically logged by our web server. This is used to note your interest in our website and your location (e.g. county/city) for our site analytics.   (4) Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on products and offers).
 
What we do with your information
Any personal information we collect from you will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:   (1)  to process your order, to process any application for finance or a mobile phone contract etc, to maintain guarantee records and to provide pre and after-sales service (we may pass your details to another organisation to supply/deliver products or services you have purchased and/or to provide pre and after-sales service). We make use of the TouchCommerce system to provide our web chat functionality. Data provided via web chat may be stored on servers based in the United States under a "safe harbour agreement". This means that the data will be managed to similar standards to those required under UK Data Protection legislation; and   (2)   to carry out security checks (this may involve passing your details to our Identity Verification partner, currently 192.com, who will check details we give them against public and private databases - this helps to protect you and us from fraudulent transactions); and   (3)   to comply with legal requirements
We are a subsidiary of Dixons Carphone plc and we may need to pass the information we collect to other companies within our group for administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers use our site and issuing our emails for us.   We would also like to inform you of various promotions, goods and services that may be of interest to you. These would come from any of our chains, including PC World, Currys, Carphone Warehouse and Knowhow, from our affiliates, or from carefully selected third parties. You may be contacted by post, email, telephone, SMS or such other means as we regard as appropriate, including new technology. If you wish to receive these communications, please tick the ‘Yes’ box when entering your personal details. You may unsubscribe at a later date, if you wish - ‘Your rights’ section below.
 
How can I see a copy of the information you hold about me?
The Data Protection Act (DPA) gives you the right to see personal information we hold about you. If you want copies of this information, please send us a written request with the following:

Your full name and address
Your account number
A cheque for £10 (admin charge) made payable to Dixons Carphone 
Details of any specific information you require 
One proof of identity - we can accept a photocopy of either your passport or your driver's licence
One proof of identity of address - we can accept a photocopy of a recent credit or debit card statement, a utility bill showing the same name and address as on your account.

Do not send original documentation as we cannot guarantee the safe receipt or return of these.
Please send your written request, cheque and proof of identity and address to:
Dixons Carphone Data Protection Officer PO Box 375 Southampton SO30 2PU
 
We recommend you send your request by Recorded Delivery but this is not compulsory. Please note that we do not take online payments.
What happens next?
Once we receive your request, along with your cheque and proof of identity, we'll get back to you within 40 days.
