

Privacy Policy 
Protecting the trust of customers and any personal information you provide to us is very important to Rockwear International Pty. Limited (ACN 70 005 612 537) (Rockwear Australia). Rockwear Australia is committed to protecting your privacy in all your dealings with us. Rockwear Australia is bound by the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and this privacy policy details how we gather, define and use your personal information (such as, your name, address, telephone number and email address) collected via the website at www.rockwear.com.au
This site is owned and operated by Retail Apparel Group Pty Ltd.
What information do we collect and why?
Rockwear Australia may collect personal information about you when you submit that information to us, send us an email and/or complete any forms on the Website.   For example, when you request information about us or our goods and services, place an order online, enter a promotion or competition, participate in a promotional feature, provide services to us or apply for a job with us we may ask for your name, address and email address so that we can communicate with you, deliver your goods purchased, administer the promotion, comply with regulatory requirements and notify winners.  We may also collect personal information from third parties, such as your nominated referees if you are applying for a job with us.  Other personal information we collect may include: • Your name, contact, billing and delivery details; • Details, such as gender and date of birth, as supplied by you; • History of your entry to Rockwear Australia promotions over time; • History of your past purchases from Rockwear Australia over time; • Details from your résumé if you apply for a job with us; and • Other information supplied by you - including, but not limited to photos or video, in response to direct questions asked or when you rate and review a Rockwear Australia Product, or when you engage with us through any social media channel.  We collect personal information to enable us to provide you with our online services, conduct business with you or process your job application. We will only request and use personal information that is necessary for the conduct of our business.   If you don’t supply the information we request from you, we may not be able to complete your transaction, deliver your purchases, provide you with the information you have requested, accept your entry into any promotion or competition, or consider your job application. We will let you know at the time of collection which information we need to collect and which information you need only provide to us on an optional basis.  By using the Website, providing personal details to us via any other medium (including in store) or applying for a job with us you are consenting to the collection and use of this information in accordance with this privacy policy.
IP Addresses and cookies
Our Website server automatically collects certain information when you visit our Website including, where available, your internet protocol address, operating system and browser type, and details of data downloaded from our server. Although in some circumstances, it may be possible to identify you from this information, we do not attempt to use this information for that purpose. This information is used for system administration, statistical analysis and similar related purposes.   For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:  a. to estimate our audience size and usage pattern; b. to store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our Website according to your individual interests/needs; c. to speed up your searches; and d. to recognise you and automatically log you on when you return to our Website.   You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website or order online from us. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our Website.
Remarketing
We use Remarketing with Google Analytics and other partners to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website.
Use and disclosure
We may use the personal information you provide to us in the following ways:  a. to conduct our business with you; b. to facilitate and manage our dealings and relationship with you; c. to notify you occasionally about important changes to the Website, new products or services and special offers we think you will find valuable;  d. to request that you rate and review a recent purchase e. to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;  f. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so g. for research purposes; h. to contact you or respond to a message or email; i. to send to you information you request;  j. for any other purpose for which you may disclose your personal information to us; or k. for any other related purpose you would reasonably expect.  We will only send promotional information to you where you have opted-in to receiving such communications from us. If you change your mind and decide that you would prefer not to receive promotional information from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe button at the bottom of any of our promotional communications. Rockwear Australia does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. To unsubscribe from being requested to rate and review a product,  simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email requesting your rating and review.  We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:  a. to pass your information to our affiliates or certain suppliers or sub-contractors (some of which may have servers located in countries other than Australia, such as Asia, USA, UK and Europe) to supply information requested by you, or to administer marketing, research or promotional programs where you have consented to receive marketing or promotional material, all of which parties will be required to treat your information as confidential and will be forbidden from on-selling the information or using it in any way other than that requested by Rockwear Australia;  b. to send you our promotional material by post or email where you have indicated your consent to receiving it;  c. to send you any items you order from us; d. to enforce or apply the terms of any agreements with you;  e. to protect the rights, property or safety of Rockwear Australia, our users, or others;  f. if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the buyer or seller of such business or assets; or g. if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce the terms of any agreement we may have with you or to protect our rights, property or safety or that of our clients or employees. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud prevention.
How can you update your personal information?
Rockwear Australia will take reasonable steps to keep your personal information is up-to-date, complete and accurate as possible and may, from time to time, contact you to update your details. However we encourage you to update your own details as often as possible. To do this, simply use the login prompt at the top of the home page to login to your account and update your details.  If you would like to know what information we currently hold about you please contact our privacy manager. However, to protect the confidentiality of your details, we may require some proof of identity in advance. If we deny access to your personal information, we will tell you why.
Amendment of this privacy policy
We may need to amend this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes to Rockwear Australia’s privacy policy will be displayed on this Website. If we amend our privacy policy, your level of protection will not be diminished below what is required of us pursuant to the Privacy Act. Any changes made will apply only to information received after the amended privacy policy is posted on our Website. You should periodically visit this page to review the current terms of this privacy policy.
Contact us
If you have any concerns about this privacy policy, or the personal information we have collected about you, or any complaints about how we have handled your personal information please contact our Privacy Manager via one of the following means:  Phone: 1300 476 259 Post: Level 1, 409 George St, Waterloo, NSW 2017 Email: rwonline@rockwear.com.au  If you make a complaint, you will need to provide our Privacy Manager with sufficient evidence and information to conduct an investigation and determine the steps that need to be taken to resolve your complaint. Our Privacy Manager will contact you if any further evidence or information is required from you. You will be advised of the outcome of the investigation. If you are unhappy with the outcome, you can contact us to discuss your concerns or you may wish to contact the Australian Privacy Commissioner via www.oaic.gov.au.