Visible Body Privacy Notice
Last Updated June 26, 2018
IMPORTANT NOTE: The English version of this document governs our relationship. Any translated version is provided for convenience only and does not modify the English version.
Argosy Publishing, Inc. d/b/a Visible Body ("Company" or "we" or "us") makes web-based and mobile applications. Company is committed to respecting the privacy of information and data of the users of our applications and other individuals ("you") about which we collect information that may be used to identify you (your "personal information"). This Privacy Notice describes our policies and practices with respect to the collection and use of your personal information.
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
The information we collect from you depends on how you interact with Company, our website, and our applications, as described in more detail below. In addition to the specific uses described below, we may use your personal information for our legitimate interests in complying with our legal obligations, for law enforcement purposes, to protect and defend our rights and property, or to enforce our Terms of Use or agreements with third parties.
Website Forms and Mailing List Subscriptions
When you submit web-based forms on Company's website, we may collect the following information, depending on the form that you submit:

Contact information (e.g., email address, phone)
Location (e.g., state, country)
Institutional affiliation and role (e.g., student, medical professional)
Language preference
Information about the products and technology that you use (e.g., device, platform, operating system)
Your responses to open-ended questions (e.g., the type of product or service you are interested in, technical problems you've encountered, suggestions)

We may also collect this information if we connect with you in another manner. For example, if you agree to sign up for our mailing list when you visit our vendor booth at a conference.
We use this personal information for the following purposes:

To deliver services, products, or information that you have requested
To send you promotional materials or communications regarding our products and services that we feel may be of interest to you
To provide customer service or assist you with technical problems
To evaluate and/or improve the products and services that we offer and develop new products or services

We send promotional emails on the basis of consent. When we provide you with services or information that you have requested, we do so because it is necessary to perform on our contract or for pre-contractual measures. Other processing activities are based on our legitimate interests, such as seeking feedback from our customers and improving our products.
Automatically Collected Tracking Information
When you visit our website and when we send you marketing emails, we collect certain information automatically using cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons. We collect the following information in this manner:

IP address
Source of visit (e.g., how you found our website)
How many times certain pages are accessed and what web pages and application functions visitors use
What browser you use
Email tracking information (such as whether you opened an email from us)

We use this information for the following purposes:

To help improve the functionality and usefulness of our website and emails
For statistical analysis of website users' behavior
For product development and/or content improvement
To customize content and layout of our website.

We also use third parties, such as Google Analytics, to help analyze how users use this website. Google uses cookies for this purpose and provides us with aggregate information.
You may block the use of cookies through your browser settings, however, certain features on the website may not work properly if you block cookies.
Purchase Information
If you purchase our products through our reseller, 2Checkout, we receive certain information about your purchase from 2Checkout, including contact information (e.g., name, email address) and order information (e.g., billing address, sales source, payment method). We use this information for our legitimate interests in providing customer support to our customers and to track product purchases.
Visible Body Application Users
If you are using our mobile applications because you are affiliated with a company or institution that has purchased our products on your behalf, you may use an activation code to get access to our applications. We may ask for your email address in order to send you the code. You'll need to provide this in order to get access to our applications. Your email address may also be associated with information about your activation, such as the date and time that you used your activation code. We use this information to maintain product activation, check activation status, and monitor aggregate usage of our applications. We process this personal information based on our legitimate interests.
Some of our web applications allow you to save user content, such as saved views and user-created notecards ("User-Created Content"). If you use these features, you will need to provide your email address to create an account. We store and use your User-Created Content only to provide that service to you.
You can choose to register the application you have purchased or that has been purchased on your behalf. If you register your application, we ask for your email address. We use this information, along with information about the product you registered, to send you promotional emails, but only with your consent.
Course Packs Users
If you use one of our Course Pack products, we collect the following personal information:

Email address
Institutional affiliation
User ID for your institution's Learning Management System ("LMS") (which is provided to us by the institution that you are affiliated with)
Activation information (e.g., date and time of activation)

We use this information to maintain product activation, check activation status, and monitor aggregate usage of the Course Packs product. We use your LMS User ID to send quiz scores to your LMS, but we never store your scores. We use your email address to send you an activation code. We process this personal information based on our legitimate interests in providing and monitoring the Course Pack service.
Courseware Users
If you use our Courseware product, we collect the following personal information:

Contact information (e.g., name, email address)
Login information, including encrypted password
Institutional affiliation and role (e.g., student or professor)
Activation and usage information (e.g., date and time of activation, date and time of last login)
User-created content (e.g., quizzes, due dates, assignments)

We use this information to provide the Courseware product to you, as well as for our legitimate interests in maintaining product activation, checking activation status, and monitoring aggregate usage of our product.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information for the purposes described above to the following third parties:

Our vendors and service providers, such as those that assist with the provision of services, marketing, data storage, or content management, or that provide consulting or professional services to Company
Law enforcement, government agencies, or other authorities in order to comply with laws, regulations, court order or other legal obligations, or to protect and defend our legal interests
The institution you are affiliated with, if you use our products through your affiliation with an institution, such as a college or university, in order to track activation of applications and to provide learning management services, such as Courseware (for example, your quiz scores will be provided to your professor)

Transfer of Information to the United States
Company is headquartered in the United States. Information we collect from you will be processed in the United States. The United States has not sought nor received a finding of "adequacy" from the European Union. With respect to transfer from the European Union, Company relies on derogations for specific situations. In particular, Company transfers personal information to the United States only with your consent, to perform on a contract with you (or in your interest), or to fulfill compelling legitimate interests of Company in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. Company endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal information and to use it in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice. Company does not collect sensitive data (known as special categories of data in the European Union).
Data Retention
Unless otherwise noted in this Privacy Notice, Company retains personal information for as long as necessary to provide services to you, and thereafter for as long as necessary to comply with our legal or contractual obligations. We periodically delete information regarding prospective customers if we determine the information is no longer needed for that purpose.
Collection of Personal Information from Children
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us immediately.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage visitors to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personal information. Except as otherwise provided herein, this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security
While we have instituted security measures to protect the information and systems that we maintain, we cannot guarantee that all transmissions to and from our websites are secure. Emails that you send to us may be subject to interception. If your communication includes personal information that you do not wish to provide electronically, please contact us by postal mail or telephone.
Your Rights
If you do not want to receive promotional or marketing communications from Company, you may opt-out at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the end of our emails. If you choose to unsubscribe, we will retain your contact information to ensure that we do not contact you again.
If you are located in the European Union, you may have the following legal rights under European Union law:

To withdraw consent at any time, if we are processing your personal information on the basis of consent
To access the personal information Company has about you
To request that Company rectify or erase your personal information
To request that Company restrict the way it uses your personal information
To object to the way Company uses your personal information
To ask Company to transfer your personal information to someone else
To lodge a complaint with a data protection agency in the European Union

To request to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below. Company's ability or obligation to comply with your requests may be limited by applicable law.
Changes to Privacy Notice
Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, without notice, by posting the new or revised privacy policy at this location: http://www.visiblebody.com/privacy.
Contact Information
If you have questions about how we handle your personal data, please contact us by email at support@visiblebody.com or by mail at:
Visible Body109 Oak Street, Suite 203Newton Upper Falls, MA 02464Attn: Information
For personal information subject to European data protection laws, Argosy Publishing, Inc. is the controller of the personal information.
