MyDigitalDiscount.com, Inc. ("My Digital Discount" "we" or "us,") respects the privacy of our customers, partners, and affiliates by securely gathering and distributing only the minimum amount of information required to provide the best service possible.
The information collected on MyDigitalDiscount.com is kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, rented, or loaned out without your consent. My Digital Discount abides by the Privacy Policy below to keep your personal information safe and secure.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us for further clarification.
Privacy Policy
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
1. Information Collection
MyDigitalDiscount.com may collect personal information in several different ways to provide an efficient and personalized shopping experience.

A. Log Data
Like most websites, MyDigitalDiscount.com uses log files to automatically collect and record specific non-personally identifiable information about our visitors - whether they're browsing anonymously or as registered users.
  The types of data collected may include:

  Internet Protocol (IP) address
Internet Service Provider (ISP)
Device type
    Date and time of visit
Operating system (OS)
Web browser information
Referring, entry, and exit pages
Number of clicks
Other page statistics 

This information is used to better understand our visitors, analyze user trends, and determine the most relevant content to continually improve the usefulness of MyDigitalDiscount.com 
and the support we provide.
B. What Personal Information We Collect

Your name
Company
Website
Tax number
Shipping and billing address(es)
Phone number
Email address
Credit card number
In addition, we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization's country of operation, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations.
  

C. How We Collect Personal Information

When you make a purchase or request information about products from the Site.
When you create an account at MyDigitalDiscount.com.
When you contact us regarding customer service via our contact page.
When you enter a contest or sweepstakes.
When you provide the Site with comments on products.
When you interact with any of the Sites through your computer, tablet or mobile device.
Several locations on MyDigitalDiscount.com permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to:
    
To sign up for email newsletters and special offers
To request email notifications regarding changes in product price or availability
To tell a friend about a product



D. Registration and Ordering
Your personal information will be used for:

Billing purposes
To fulfill your orders
To communicate with you about your order
Internal marketing purposes

If we encounter an issue when processing an order, your personal information may be used to contact you.
E. Product Reviews
You may choose to submit a product review. If you post a review, we will ask for your email address and geographic location. If you submit a review, your geographic location will be visible to other users (your email address will be kept private). Any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the site. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose as part of a review. We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information.
F. Contests or Sweepstakes
Participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary. We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes. We may post the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners on MyDigitalDiscount.com. By entering a contest or sweepstakes, you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes.
G. Cookies and Web Beacons
Like many ecommerce sites, MyDigitalDiscount.com utilizes cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or "action tags") to speed up your navigation of the site, recognize you and your access privileges, track your site usage, and recommend products.
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from websites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of MyDigitalDiscount.com. We use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products. If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase. The site’s cookies do not and cannot infiltrate a user’s hard drive to gather a user's confidential information. Our cookies are not "spyware".
Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on MyDigitalDiscount.com has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on MyDigitalDiscount.com, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon.

MyDigitalDiscount.com may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount). Any information that third parties may collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us.
2. Information Use and Disclosure
A. Internal Use
We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve website content and layout, improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts, and determine general marketplace information about MyDigitalDiscount.com visitors. In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2, we may share your information with affiliates under MyDigitalDiscount.com control.
B. Communications with You
We may use your personal information to communicate with you about MyDigitalDiscount.com and your orders and deliveries. We may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary.
If you submit your email address, we use it to deliver the information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt out section below for more details). Please note you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders.
C. Third Parties/External Use
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may share non-personal information (the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. This information does not directly personally identify you or any user.
We will not sell, trade or rent personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it’s possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If this happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect.
D. Shipping/Delivery
As do most catalog and Internet retailers, we may use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. We may need to disclose information to help them to perform their service. This can include third parties such as the U.S. Postal Service, United Parcel Service, and Federal Express to ship products, ensure delivery, and obtain feedback so we may improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party.
E. Credit Cards
Similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit 
card processors and issuers. When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (More on this below in Data Security.)
F. Legal
We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others.
G. Google Analytics
MyDigitalDiscount.com uses the Google web analytics service "Google Analytics" to help us evaluate visitors’ use of the Site, and provide statistical analysis of our customers’ website activity. Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technology to examine how users use our Site. The information generated about Site usage, including visitor IP address, is transmitted to Google. Google may also collect information about Site visitors’ use of other websites. Google offers the ability to opt out from tracking through Google Analytics cookies; for more information, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
DATA SECURITY
MyDigitalDiscount.com incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including 
site-wide GeoTrust® 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on MyDigitalDiscount.com.
As SSL encryption protects your personal information online, MyDigitalDiscount.com takes added steps to protect your personal information at our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted. Only employees who absolutely need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access. MyDigitalDiscount.com also relies on trusted third-party service providers with the physical security of our dedicated server and computer hardware.
While no website can guarantee 100% complete security, MyDigitalDiscount.com adheres to industry standard precautions used to safeguard your personal information that should provide visitors full confidence while browsing the site or placing an order.
OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS
Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests through 
phone or email. Please do not email your credit card number or other sensitive information.
OFFLINE COLLECTION, USE & DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
The majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site, and 
this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal 
information. We also may collect information offline, where we also try to 
protect the privacy of your personal information. MyDigitalDiscount.com 
representatives will ask only for the personal information needed to place an order, 
provide order updates, or to answer customer questions. When we need to store information, we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption. (See Data Security section above for more information) or store it in a locked repository. There may be other ways we could learn of personal information offline and this Policy doesn’t attempt to predict all of those methods or uses. As we mentioned, we will try to treat offline collection, uses and disclosures consistently with relevant online practices.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback regarding third party sites found on MyDigitalDiscount.com.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY 
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback regarding third party sites found on MyDigitalDiscount.com.Upon changing or updating this Privacy Policy, a notification will be posted 
on MyDigitalDiscount.com to keep customers informed of what information we 
collect, use, and disclose.
LAST UPDATE
The Privacy Policy was last updated May18, 2017.
