
Privacy Policy
While using CodeTwo web site, you may be asked to provide your e-mail address or selected personal details. This data is indispensable so that we can provide you with the services you have voluntarily ordered such as downloads and usage of free tools, the orders for software or technical support.
CodeTwo protects your personal data and shall never make this information available to third parties, unless you give us the permission to do so. The data you provide is used solely for correspondence between you and CodeTwo. You may, at any time, demand this data to be removed from CodeTwo's database.
You may be asked to provide your personal details in the following cases:

while placing the order via e-mail, by phone or while submitting the online order form for one of our products;
while downloading CodeTwo freeware.
while creating an account on our forum.
while taking part in our promotional campaigns.

By placing the order for our software or downloading any of CodeTwo free programs, you agree to the Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Sales, by which CodeTwo is allowed to send you e-mail correspondence related to our services. This means you may from time to time receive e-mail messages from CodeTwo. The messages will contain essential information on the available hot fixes, as well as new features and functionalities for our programs as well as other services provided by CodeTwo. At any time you are entitled to demand a removal of your e-mail address from our database to stop receiving such messages.
The web page of CodeTwo supports the so-called 'cookies', which are small files containing information saved to your hard drive. We use cookies for several purposes:

Usability – these kind of cookies improve user experience. For instance, thanks to them you don’t have to fill in a download form each time you download an installer, if you already did that in the past. Thanks to cookies you can also seamlessly place an order in the order system, or log in to CodeTwo User Panel. Those kind of cookies are necessary for our website to work properly.
Statistics – by means of Google Analytics we collect anonymous and aggregated statistical data about users’ visits on our website.
Marketing – these kind of cookies are saved by external scripts we use. They are mainly used for remarketing. You will find more information about remarketing on this page below.

You have the full right to stop cookies from being saved to your hard drive. Each browser is equipped with a capability to disable cookies. For instance, in IE, the most popular browser, you choose Tools, Internet Options, Privacy, Advanced, Block cookies. You may also delete cookies stored on your computer by choosing Tools, Internet Options, General, Delete cookies in IE and in Firefox by choosing Tools, Clear Private Data, check Cookies and Clear Now.

CodeTwo website uses tracking and remarketing cookies from Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Facebook Conversion Tracking and Facebook Custom Audiences to advertise our products online. We reserve the right to use all targeting features available in Google AdWords including: demographic and location targeting, remarketing, affinity audiences, custom affinity audiences, in-market audiences, similar audiences (learn more about cookies used in ads by Google).  CodeTwo and third-party vendors, including Google, use first- and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve advertisements based on your past visits to our website. Google and any other third-party vendors display our adverts across the Internet. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network advertisements using the Google Ads Settings or you can block it by installing Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. CodeTwo does not collect any sensitive information about its visitors.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy. Each amendment to the Privacy Policy will be signed with the date of publishing.
If you have any questions or doubts related to our privacy policy, write to .
Date of last modification: 26.07.2016

