
We are committed to protecting our visitors’ privacy and we will not collect any personal information about you as a visitor unless you provide it voluntarily.
Pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2001 which came fully into force on 15 July 2003, we have a legal duty to respect and protect any personal information we collect from you and we will abide by such duty. We take all safeguards necessary to prevent unauthorised access and we do not pass on your details collected from you as a visitor and/or user, to any third party unless you give us your consent to do so and unless we are compelled to do so by law.
If you give your consent, we may pass on generic, but never specific, personal information, to our tourism partners for purposes of research and marketing. We disclaim any responsibility or liability for the use that our tourism partners make of such information. We shall not be responsible for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, consequential or other damages arising from unauthorized access to or alteration of or unlawful transmission of data by third parties.
As a visitor, we collect three types of information on you:

Contact or feedback information;
Web page download information;
Site usage information.

Some of the interactive features of this site, including the registration form requires you to enter personal information. Mandatory information includes:

Name
Surname
Email address
Country
Preferred Language.

Additional (not mandatory) information includes:

Telephone
Address
Locality
Postcode

Failure to enter the mandatory information related to the above will result in the registration not being processed. We store this information in encrypted format, and dispose of it once the purpose for which it was collected has been achieved. The length of time for which it is stored may vary according to the purpose for which it has been collected.
When you fill the form on the “Contact Us” page, we use the personal information submitted in the form only to respond to your message. This personal information will not be kept longer than necessary and will be deleted once the feedback requirement is met. Mandatory information includes:

Full name
Email address
Enquiry

Failure to enter information related to the above will result in the form not being sent.
This privacy statement applies only to this web portal and not to any third party sites that are linked from this site. By using this website, you consent to such processing, and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
If you have any queries in relation to personal information on you, if any, held by us please contact us on the email address provided under “Contact Us” section.

