
Terms of Service
Updated as of March 22, 2018
WE DO NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS.  PLEASE BE SAFE WHEN INTERACTING WITH USERS.  Read our Online Safety tips.
 This Terms of Service Agreement (the "Agreement") controls your access and use of any of the various services (the "Services") made available to you (the "Member") by The Meet Group, Inc. (“Company”) through our sites and applications, including, Tagged http://www.tagged.com, hi5 http://www.hi5.com, and any corresponding mobile applications or otherwise (“Site(s)”).  ONLY USERS WHO ARE 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER MAY REGISTER FOR THE SITES. By accessing the services and/or completing the registration process for one of our Sites,  you represent that you are 18 years of age or older, and can and will be legally bound by this Agreement. By registering for one of our Sites, you represent and warrant that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any government entity.  No Member may participate where doing so would be prohibited by any applicable law or regulation. We have created side summaries to help you easily locate specific terms within this Agreement.  These summaries are for reference only and in the event that there is a discrepancy between this Agreement and the language of the side summaries, the Agreement will prevail.
A) Changes to the Terms
 The Company reserves the right to change or amend this Agreement at any time, for any reason, or for no reason at all, at the Company’s sole discretion. The most recent version of this Agreement will be posted on the Site.  Although the Company will provide notice of material changes to this Agreement on the Sites, as a Member it is your sole responsibility to keep yourself informed of any such changes or amendments.  Should a Member object to any terms and conditions of the Agreement or any subsequent changes to the Agreement or become dissatisfied with the Company in any way, Member's only solution is to immediately: (1) discontinue use of the Site; (2) terminate their Site registration; and  (3) notify the Company of termination.
B) Description of Services
 As a Member, you will be provided with a variety of Services, as described on the Sites. Members may also use certain additional services offered from time to time such as shopping and e-commerce offerings and various informational services. The Company reserves the right to enhance, change, or discontinue the Services,  in whole or in part, at any time, for any reason, or for no reason at all, at the Company’s sole discretion, with or without notice to Members, and with no obligation to Members.

C) Member Conduct
 Use of the Services by you, as a Member, is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations. The Company reserves the right, but does not assume any obligation, to monitor the Services to enforce this Agreement.  Nor does the Company guarantee that any monitoring it does perform will be to the Member's satisfaction. Upon learning of any violation of this Agreement, the Company, at its sole discretion, may terminate your access to and use of the Services, require you to correct such violation, and/or take any other actions that the Company deems appropriate to enforce its rights and pursue all available remedies. Without limitation,  the Company reserves the right to terminate your access to and use of the Services if, in our view, your conduct fails to meet any of the following guidelines:

 Members shall not engage in any harassment, including, but not limited to, excessive repetition when listing a person as a referral, repeated unwanted contact, interfering with a Member's use of site or stalking.
 Members shall not list the email addresses of people unknown to them.
 Members shall not list as referrals any email addresses that are fake, fictitious, or made up.
Members shall not list as referrals any email addresses which are owned by or belong to that member.
Members shall not attempt to interfere with any other person's use of the Services.
Members shall not misrepresent their identity or impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Company employee, forum leader, guide or host.
 Members shall not falsely represent that they are sponsored by, endorsed by, or affiliated with a Company website.
 Members shall not use any portion of the Company Site or the Services to post, upload, email, transmit or otherwise make available junk mail, commercial advertisements, or any other form of commercial solicitation.
 Members shall not use any portion of the Company Site or Services to post, upload, email, transmit or otherwise make available content, including user names and friend list names, that is harmful, threatening, abusive, vulgar, obscene, profane, defamatory, libelous, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.
 Members shall not engage in any activity that is clearly offensive or promote or otherwise encourage racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual.
Members shall not use any portion of Sites or Services to post, share, promote, depict, encourage, solicit or exchange Content Harmful to Minors.
Members shall not upload photos, graphics or other content that contain or promote illegal substances or activities, including, but not limited to, underage drinking or smoking, substance abuse, weapon use, or gang affiliation.
 Members shall not post content that displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind.
Members shall not provide material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18.
 Members shall not provide instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses.
 Members shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Company’s database or other computer systems.
Members shall not attempt to change, translate, adapt, edit, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any software programs used by Company in connection with the Sites or Services.
 Members shall not engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of, the Sites or Services.
 Members shall not collect or store personal data about other Members in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in paragraphs #1 through #18 above.
Members shall not use any portion of the Sites or Services for any unlawful purpose.
 Members shall not engage in any activity that solicits or is designed to solicit password or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Members.
Members shall not use the account, username, or password of another Member at any time or disclose their password to any third party or permit any third party to access their account.
Members shall not post any contact information on Profile pages, Groups or Newsfeed.  Contact information includes email addresses, instant messenger IDs, phone numbers and physical addresses.
Members shall not publicly post information that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to another person.
 Members shall not attempt to buy Gold outside of the Tagged.com website
Members shall not attempt to sell Tagged Gold
Members shall not attempt to sell a user account associated with one of the Company Sites.


 All decisions concerning the applicability of these guidelines shall be at the sole and exclusive discretion of the Company and its designees. The Company has the right in its sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse or remove any content that is available via the Sites and Services. The Company and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates this Agreement or is otherwise objectionable. An account may be terminated at any time, without notice, depending on the severity of the offense, which is determined exclusively at the discretion of the Company. The Company is not obligated to provide a Member with a warning prior to removal.
D) Privacy
 The Company has established a Privacy Policy to explain to Members how their information is collected and used, which Member can read by clicking http://www.Tagged.com/terms_of_service.html?priv=y#privacy_policy. The policy explains how and when the Company may use Member information and content. Member's use of the Sites or Services signifies acknowledgment of and agreement to the Company’s Privacy Policy.
E) Document Retention Schedule
 All personal information collected by the Company in connection with your use of our Sites, including, without limitation, your name, location, email address, pictures, friend connections, messages, comments, login information, IP addresses and other data, may be stored by the Company indefinitely and will be stored in a safe and secure manner.
F) Notice Regarding Commercial Email
 MEMBERS CONSENT TO RECEIVE COMMERCIAL E-MAIL MESSAGES FROM THE COMPANY, AND ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THEIR EMAIL ADDRESSES AND OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE USED BY THE COMPANY FOR THE PURPOSE OF INITIATING COMMERCIAL E-MAIL MESSAGES.
G) Member Account and Password
 Once Member registers for a Site, Member will have a password and an account with the Site. Member is responsible for keeping the Member's password and account confidential. Furthermore, Member is entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under Member's account. Member agrees to immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use of Member's account or any other breach of security known to Member.
H) Gold
 You may purchase virtual currency for use solely on the Tagged site ("Gold"). Purchases or other acquisitions of Gold provide only a limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, fully-revocable license to use such Gold to access Services that  we expressly make available for use with such Gold for your personal non-commercial use. Gold is redeemable only on the Tagged site for Tagged digital merchandise and content. Gold does not expire. Gold is non-refundable.  Gold has no monetary value and does not constitute currency or property of any type. Gold is not transferable or assignable.  You will not be entitled to a refund, money or any other compensation for unused Gold and virtual items when an account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or involuntary.
You may use Gold to purchase Gifts for other users. The price for each Gift will be displayed at the point of purchase. Gifts constitute a limited license to access a certain feature on the Tagged platform when, as, and if allowed by Tagged. All sales of Gifts are final and Tagged does not offer refunds for any purchased Gifts. Tagged is not responsible for repairing or replacing Gifts, or providing you with any credit or refund in the event that Tagged modifies, suspends, or terminates the Gift program, or for loss or damage due to any service error, or any other reason.
Gifts purchased or received by any user do not constitute property and are not transferable.
I) Diamonds and Rewards
Each user who receives a Gift from another user during a video broadcast will get a number of Diamonds as determined by Company. Company intends to offer rewards with respect to Diamonds. When Company enables said feature, users will be able to redeem Diamonds for cash, provided that a user must redeem at least two hundred dollars ($200) worth of Diamonds for each request, and may redeem rewards only once per day. Company may change the minimum increments and frequency from rewards from time to time, and it reserves the right to do so. Company will also determine the rate of redemption in its sole discretion and it may change the rate from time to time.  The rate will be displayed at the point of redemption. You agree that Company has the absolute right to manage, modify, and/or eliminate such redemption feature in its sole discretion. The cost of the Gifts that you give to another user may not correlate to the revenue such user is entitled to receive from Company.
Users wishing to redeem Diamonds must 1) have a valid PayPal account, 2) must agree to PayPal’s terms of service, as well as its policies and procedures, and 3) bear any charges that PayPal may impose. User understands that Company has no control over PayPal’s practices and user releases Company from any and all liability associated with information submitted to PayPal, including, without limitation, liability related to the unauthorized release or use of user’s information. Company reserves the right to verify your identity and eligibility to receive cash redemptions prior to payment.
All Diamonds in your account are forfeited if you delete your account or your account is terminated for any reason.
All users who redeem Diamonds are solely responsible for the reporting and payment of any taxes due on the amounts redeemed.
J) VIP Membership
 You may decide to upgrade your membership to VIP status for an additional monthly cost. If you choose to become a Tagged VIP, your membership will automatically renew on a monthly basis. If, at any point, you wish to discontinue your VIP membership, you may do so at your convenience. If your VIP membership account is billed through our website, you must visit http://www.tagged.com/account_info.html, click the Subscriptions and Payments tab, select 'cancel your subscription' and click 'Cancel VIP'' at least 3 days prior to your next scheduled automatic payment so that we can process your cancellation properly. If your VIP membership account is billed through iTunes, you must cancel at least 24 hours prior to your next scheduled automatic payment, by following the process outlined here. If your VIP membership account is billed through GooglePlay, you must cancel within 7 days from the start of your billing cycle, by following the process outlined here.
K) Mobile
 The Company may offer Sites and Services through a mobile website and/or mobile applications (collectively, the "Mobile Applications"). This Agreement governs all Sites and Services that are accessible on or through the Mobile Applications. If you use the Sites and Services on a mobile device, you agree that information about your use of the Sites and Services through your mobile device and carrier may be communicated to us, including but not limited to the identities of your mobile carrier or your mobile device, or your physical location.  Although we provide our Sites and Services through the Mobile Websites free of charge, your mobile carrier's standard fees and rates will still apply. You accept responsibility for all charges.
L) Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents and Intellectual Property Rights
 Member acknowledges that messages, files or other materials ("Content") contained on the Sites and within the Site email messages, and third party advertisements on the Sites and distributed via email, of a commercial nature and presented to Member by the Company and the Sites and Services, are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.  Member is permitted to use the Company Content or third party Content only as expressly authorized by the Company or the third party advertiser. Member may not copy, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works from the Site Content or third party Content without expressly being authorized to do so by the Company or the third party advertiser.  Member may make a copy of the Site Content or third party Content for Member's personal, noncommercial use only, provided that Member keeps all copyright or other proprietary notices intact. Although the Company does not claim ownership of content that its Members may provide to the Company, by providing content to the Company, Members automatically grant, and represent and warrant that they have the right to grant,  to the Company a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable, license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute said content.
 The Company respects copyright law and expects Members to do the same. Illegal or unauthorized copying, distribution, modification, public display, or public performance of copyrighted works is an infringement of the copyright holders' rights. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please notify the Company’s Agent for Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement ("Agent"), at:
 The Meet Group Copyright Agent 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 (215) 862-1162 copyright@themeetgroup.com(mailto:copyright@themeetgroup.com)
Please provide our Agent with the following Notice:

Identify the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
Identify the material on the Site that you claim is infringing, with enough detail so that we may locate it on the website;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you declaring under penalty of perjury that (a) the above information in your Notice is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;
 Your address, telephone number, and email address; and
Your physical or electronic signature.

The Company’s Agent will forward this information to the alleged infringer. It is Company’s policy to terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.
M) Disputes
 PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY AS IT LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF. You and the Company agree that, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, you and the Company shall seek to resolve any and all disputes between the Company and you, respectively, including, without limitation, all claims, counter-claims and cross-claims (collectively, "Claims"), whether in law, equity or otherwise, solely through individual arbitration in accordance with the policies and procedures set forth in this Agreement. Such disputes shall include without limitation:

disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to Company’s Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy;
disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to any Services and/or any content on our Sites;
disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to any information, communications and/or other material that you and/or any other person and/or entity provide to and/or through the Site;
disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to any information and/or other material that is collected, stored and/or disseminated by, on behalf of and/or with the approval of the Company;
disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to any advertising and/or other communications by the Company in connection with our Sites;
disputes that are the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class;
disputes that arose before you entered into this Agreement and/or any prior version of this Agreement;
disputes that may arise after you terminate your registration with our Sites; and
disputes arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory.

 Despite the language agreed to above and as an alternative to arbitration, either you and/or the Company may bring an individual action against the other in small claims court. Additionally, you and/or the Company may bring any Claim against the other to the attention of a federal, state and/or local government entity, which may elect to seek relief against the Company on your behalf, and/or against you on the Company’s behalf.
You agree that you and the Company have voluntarily and intentionally waived any and all right to a trial by jury, and (except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement) any and all right to participate in a class action.  The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Dispute provision. This Dispute provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.
For you or the Company to initiate arbitration against the other party it must first send by certified mail to the other party a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice").  The Notice must identify and detail the nature of the party's Claim, the basis for that Claim, and the specific relief being sought for that Claim, including, without limitation, any Claim for injunctive relief. For the parties' convenience, a form for providing Notice is available at http://www.tagged.com/disputeresolution_forms.html to download and complete.  A Notice being sent to the Company must be addressed to: Dispute Resolution Department, The Meet Group, Inc., Attention: General Counsel, 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 (“Company Notice Address"). A Notice being sent to you shall be sent to the e-mail address associated with your Site account and to any other e-mail address provided in your registration (collectively, "Member Notice Address"). You may also opt to receive a copy of any Notice via mail by sending a written request to the Company Notice Address including your name, postal address, Member Notice Address and Site User ID number (UID).
 After receipt of the Notice you and the Company must attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute set forth in the Notice. If you and the Company are not able to resolve the dispute within 30 days after the Notice is received, then you or the Company may initiate an arbitration proceeding  against the other by downloading and completing the "American Arbitration Association ("AAA") Consumer-Related-Disputes Form-California (For Use Only In California)" demand for arbitration form available at Demand for Arbitration ("Demand"), and sending a copy of the Demand to the AAA, together with a copy of the Site Terms of Service and a check or money order payable to the AAA in the amount of the appropriate filing fee, and sending a copy of the Demand to the other party.  The copy of the Demand being sent to the AAA must be addressed as stated on the Demand. A copy of the Demand being sent to the Company must be addressed to the Company Notice Address. A copy of the Demand being sent to you shall be addressed to the Member Notice Address.
 Please note AAA does not provide the Company customer support and is only able to provide information regarding initiating an arbitration proceeding against the Company. All concerns regarding your account should be addressed to the Company by submitting a Ticket.  The Company will try to resolve your concern, and in the case that you are not satisfied with the resolution you may choose to follow the process outlined on the Dispute Resolution Page.
Information regarding the appropriate filing fee to send with the Demand to the AAA (including the possible waiver of all or part of that fee) is available at AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules and https://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTAGE2026862, or by calling AAA Customer Service at (800) 778-7879 or AAA Case Filing Services at (877) 495-4185. If you initiate an arbitration proceeding against the Company and are not able to pay all or part of the AAA filing fee (and do not receive a waiver of the unpayable amount), and so long as the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the Demand is $10,000 or less, then you may send a written request for payment of the unpayable amount to the Company at the Company Notice Address. The Company shall consider your request and will, in its own discretion, either (1) pay the unpayable amount to the AAA directly or (2) send notice to you of its denial of your request within 10 business days of the receipt thereof. Further, if you initiate an arbitration proceeding against the Company, and so long as the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the Demand is $10,000 or less, then you may send proof of your payment of all or part of the AAA filing fee to the Company at the Company Notice Address, and the Company shall reimburse you for that actually paid amount.
 The arbitration shall be administered by the AAA and shall be governed by the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures and the AAA Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules"), as modified by this Agreement. The AAA Rules are available online at AAA Consumer Arbitration and Consumer Arbitration Rules, or by calling AAA Customer Service at (800) 778-7879. (Additional information about the arbitration process, presented in a simplified FAQ format, is available at http://www.tagged.com/disputeresolution.html. The arbitrator selected to resolve the dispute between you and the Company shall bound by the terms of this Agreement. All arbitration hearings shall take place exclusively in  San Francisco County, California. Except, however, that if the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the arbitration is $10,000 or less you may choose whether the arbitration shall be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephone hearing, or by an in-person hearing, as established by the AAA Rules.  If the total amount you are seeking is greater than $10,000 then your and the Company’s respective rights to an arbitration hearing shall be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which any award is based.
In addition to any reimbursement of AAA filing fees as detailed above, and so long as the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the arbitration is $10,000 or less, the Company shall pay all other AAA administration fees and all arbitrator fees for the arbitration. Except, however, that if the arbitrator in such action finds that either the substance of your dispute against the Company or the relief you are seeking in the arbitration is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees in such action shall be governed by the AAA Rules. In said event, you hereby agree to reimburse the Company for all monies paid by the Company that are your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules.  Additionally, if the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the arbitration is greater than $10,000 then the payment of all AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees shall be governed by the AAA Rules.
 You and the Company agree that unless and until the arbitrator determines the monetary and/or other relief, if any, to which you and/or the Company is entitled in connection with the dispute being arbitrated, neither you nor the Company shall disclose to the arbitrator the amount of any settlement offer(s) that you and/or the Company previously made to the other in connection with said dispute. In any individual arbitration between you and the Company,  if the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of the Company’s last written settlement offer to you then the Company shall:

pay you the amount of the award or $2,500 (the "Member Incentive"), whichever is greater; and
pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of any fees, and reimburse said attorney any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs), that said attorney reasonably and actually accrues in investigating, preparing and pursuing your Claim against the Company in the arbitration (collectively, the "Attorney Incentive").

 However, if the Company did not make any written settlement offer to you prior to the arbitrator in said individual arbitration issuing you an award, then so long as the arbitrator awards you any monetary relief on the merits of your Claim against the Company, you and your attorney (if any) shall be entitled to receive the Member Incentive and the Attorney Incentive, respectively. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of any fees and/or expenses, the Member Incentive and/or the Attorney Incentive at any time during the individual arbitration and/or upon request by you and/or the Company made within 14 days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits of said individual arbitration. The Attorney Incentive supplements and does not supersede any right you may have under applicable law to receive attorneys' fees and/or expenses in connection with the individual arbitration (including as may be awarded to you by the arbitrator), but in no event may you recover a duplicative award of attorneys' fees and/or expenses. If the Company prevails in an individual arbitration against you and is entitled under applicable law to receive attorneys' fees and/or expenses, the Company hereby agrees that it shall not seek and shall refuse to receive such an award.
The arbitrator may award any form of individual relief in your favor, but solely to the extent warranted by your individual Claim. You and the Company agree that, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement,  you and the Company may bring a Claim against the other solely in your or the Company’s individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, and, except as otherwise set forth herein, no arbitrator may consolidate more than one person's Claim and/or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If all or part of this specific paragraph is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable after final appeal, then the entirety of this Dispute provision shall be deemed null and void.
 AT ANY TIME AND IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION THE COMPANY MAY DIRECT THE AAA TO CONSOLIDATE ANY AND ALL PENDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION CLAIMS THAT (i) ARISE IN SUBSTANTIAL PART FROM THE SAME AND/OR RELATED TRANSACTIONS, EVENTS AND/OR OCCURRENCES, AND (ii) INVOLVE A COMMON QUESTION OF LAW AND/OR FACT WHICH, IF RESOLVED IN MULTIPLE INDIVIDUAL AND NON-CONSOLIDATED ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, MAY RESULT IN CONFLICTING AND/OR INCONSISTENT RESULTS. IN SAID EVENT, YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO CONSOLIDATED ARBITRATION, IN LIEU OF INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, OF ANY AND ALL CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THE COMPANY AND THE AAA RULES SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL GOVERN ALL PARTIES. Additionally, in said event, if the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of Company’s last written settlement offer to you then the Company shall:

 pay you the amount of the award or three times the amount of the Company’s last written settlement offer to you (the "Member Incentive"), whichever is greater; and
pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of any fees, and reimburse said attorney any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs), that said attorney reasonably and actually accrues in investigating, preparing and pursuing your Claim against the Company in the arbitration (collectively, the "Attorney Incentive").

 However, if the Company did not make any written settlement offer to you prior to the arbitrator in said consolidated arbitration issuing you an award, then so long as the arbitrator awards you any monetary relief on the merits of your Claim against the Company, then you shall be entitled to receive the award and/or $500, whichever is greater, and your attorney (if any) shall be entitled to receive the Attorney Incentive. As also noted above, the arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of any fees and/or expenses, the Member Incentive and/or the Attorney Incentive at any time during the consolidated arbitration and/or upon request by you and/or the Company made within 14 days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits of said arbitration. Similarly, the Attorney Incentive supplements and does not supersede any right you may have under applicable law to receive attorneys' fees and/or expenses in connection with the consolidated arbitration (including as may be awarded to you by the arbitrator), but in no event may you recover a duplicative award of attorneys' fees and/or expenses. If the Company prevails in a consolidated arbitration against you and is entitled under applicable law to receive attorneys' fees and/or expenses, the Company hereby agrees that it shall not seek and shall refuse to receive such an award. If all or part of this specific paragraph is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable after final appeal, then the entirety of this Dispute provision shall be deemed null and void.
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that if the Company changes this Disputes provision in the future (other than a change to the Company Notice Address and/or any Internet address, telephone number and/or document title set forth in this provision) you may reject that change by sending written notice within 30 days of the change to the Company at the Company Notice Address. By rejecting said change you reaffirm that you shall seek to resolve all disputes between you and the Company solely through arbitration in accordance with this Agreement.
If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or any third party, the Company is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that Member has a dispute with one or more members,  Member hereby releases the Company and its directors, officers, employees, agents, independent contractors, representatives, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns and licensees from all claims, actions, losses, liabilities, judgments, damages, costs and expenses of every kind or nature (regardless of whether actual or consequential, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed), arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or any the Services.  If Member is a California resident, Member hereby waives California Civil Code Section 1542, which says "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."
N) Termination
Either party may terminate use of the Company website or the Services with or without cause at any time and effective immediately upon written notice to the other party.  The Company may terminate with or without cause at any time and effective immediately, at the Company’s sole discretion, including but not limited to Member's failure to conform with these terms and conditions of the Agreement.  the Company shall not be liable to Member or any third party for termination of use of our Sites or Services. Member's right to use the Sites or the Services shall cease immediately. Member shall have no right and the Company will have no obligation thereafter to forward any unread or unsent messages to Member or any third party. Sections G-N shall survive termination of the Agreement.
O) DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES
 MEMBER AGREES THAT USE OF THE COMPANY SITES AND SERVICES IS ENTIRELY AT MEMBER'S OWN RISK. THE COMPANY SITES AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,  THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, ACCURACY, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COMPANY SITES AND  SERVICES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR OTHER SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES ACCESSED THROUGH ANY LINKS ON THE SITES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you insofar as they relate to implied warranties.
P) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
 UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE AS A RESULT OF MEMBER'S USE OR MISUSE OF THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES, WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES, FROM INABILITY TO USE THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES, OR THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, MODIFICATION, ALTERATION, OR TERMINATION OF THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF OTHER SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES OR ANY LINKS ON THE COMPANY SITES,  AS WELL AS BY REASON OF ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES OR ANY LINKS ON THE COMPANY SITES. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. In some jurisdiction, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
Q) Indemnification
 Member agrees to indemnify and hold the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, employees, service providers, and suppliers harmless from any dispute which may arise from a breach of terms of this Agreement or use of the Services. Member agrees to hold the Company harmless from any claims and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees and court costs, related to Member's violation of this Agreement.
R) Governing Law
 The Agreement and the relationship between Member and the Company shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of law principles to the contrary. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you and the Company nevertheless agree that the court should strive to give effect to your and the Company’s intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Agreement shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect.  You agree that regardless of any law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the Company Sites, the Services and/or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The Company makes no representation that any material and/or other content on this website is appropriate and/or available for use in other locations, and accessing such material and/or content from territories where it is illegal is prohibited. Any persons who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
S) Agreement
 The Agreement makes up the entire agreement between Member and the Company and governs your use of Sites and the Services, superseding any prior agreements between Member and the Company.  You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Agreement shall not result in a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in the Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.  In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Site Terms and Conditions, the English version shall prevail. The side summaries within this Agreement are for reference only. In the event that there is a discrepancy between the full terms of this Agreement and the language contained within the side summaries the full version of the Agreement shall prevail.
Users with questions about these Terms of Service and any of the above statements may contact the Company by writing to: The Meet Group, Inc., 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938.


PRIVACY POLICY
Updated as of July 12, 2017
How Our Service Works
 The Meet Group, Inc. (“we” “us” “our” or “Company”) is dedicated to respecting the privacy of its visitors, customers, and users (“Users”) of Tagged, as well as other Company brands, products and services (the “Services”). When you visit and interact with the Services you may provide information about yourself or your opinions, and it is wise and prudent to be aware of the personal information that you are sharing.  We understand this and we have established this Privacy Policy (“Policy) to explain how we collect information from you and how this information is used. We have created side summaries to help you easily locate specific terms within this policy.  These summaries are for reference only and in the event that there is a discrepancy between this Privacy Policy and the language of the side summaries, the Privacy Policy will prevail.
Who is Eligible to Use the Services
To use the Services, you must be 18 years of age or older.  If you are under age 18, you may only use the Services with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian. By registering on the Services, you represent and warrant that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any local, state or federal government entity. No User may participate where doing so would be prohibited by any applicable law or regulation.
Children and Safety
 The Services are a general audience website for Users who are 18 years of age or older. The safety and privacy of children is extremely important to the Company and we use the safeguards described below to protect children.
  Our registration process is designed to restrict children under age 18 from becoming Users of the Services without the involvement of a parent or legal guardian, through use of an age gate mechanism on the registration page.  If we receive information suggesting that a User of one of our Sites is under age 18, we require the User to provide evidence, the nature of which is determined by the Company, confirming that the User is at least 18 years old, and we reserve the right to suspend the User’s account while we review the evidence and verify the User’s age. If the User fails to provide such evidence within 48 hours, we may terminate the User's account and delete all personal information displaying on the Services.
For more information about protecting your privacy, please visit the Federal Trade Commission’s web site. In addition to the previously mentioned safeguards for the detection and removal of Members under the age of 18, we have a process for parents to contact the Company directly so that we can take the proper steps required to be in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). 
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service.  The Services and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc., 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938, submit your request here, or email support@themeetgroup.com.
Parents: If your child is under the age of 13 and has joined the Services using a false age, please notify us at parentcare@tagged.com, and we will terminate your child's account and delete all personal information displaying on the Services. If you would like to know more about our site, stored information about your child, or how to terminate your child's account, please send your request by mail to Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc., 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938, submit your request here, or email support@themeetgroup.com.. We will happily respond to all communications from parents with privacy questions or concerns.
Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Registration Information
 When you register to become a User, you will be asked to provide us with some personal information, which may include, without limitation, your first and last name, gender, email address, a home or other physical address, (or country and city), profile picture, date of birth and other contact information (“Personal Information”).  You may also be required to select a password for accessing your account. To complete the registration process, we send you a validation message.  Once you receive the validation message, you must follow the instructions so that we can authenticate your identity and registration. If you register using our mobile application you will have the option to use our “nearby” feature, which will allow you to search for your GPS location and will fill in your country and city on the registration form.
The Company’s Use of Your Information
 The Company uses certain of your personal information to enable you to interact, or to enhance your experience, with the Services and their features. The Company allows Users to provide information to a personal profile that is accessible to other Users.  We publicly display some of your personal information, such as your picture and name, in your User profile. To make searching and finding other users on the Services easier we may allow Users to search for other Users using a first and last name or an email address. If you opt into sharing your location through your mobile device, we may display your location within your profile.  We may update your location to the city and state associated with the location of your mobile device upon each login.  In addition we may display your distance from other users within our Browse feature.   
 All registered Users will be able to view any personal information that you disclose in your public profile, including, without limitation, your photos and videos, which may include personal information (including responses to survey questions). For your privacy and safety, please do not post direct contact information in your profile, such as your email addresses, URLs, instant messenger IDs, phone numbers, full names, or mailing addresses.  Posting of such information to Profile pages shall be considered a violation of our Terms of Service. We also caution you not to share sensitive information (such as full names, social security numbers, credit card numbers, and driver's license numbers) with other Users whom you do not know well, or place such information in your profile. Be aware that when you publish content or information on the Services you are allowing everyone, including non-Users and people off the Services, to access that information and to associate it with you.
 We use your profile information for the purposes of providing our services to you, such as to analyze demographics, to better personalize our various offerings for you and other Users, and to enable other Users to find your profile.  We also use your email address to communicate with you about the Services and its features. From time to time, we may share your email address and/or other personal information with third parties for marketing purposes.  You can opt out of having your email address shared with third parties for Company’s marketing purposes by sending your request by mail to Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc., 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 or by emailing support@themeetgroup.com.. In addition, we may share your email address with third parties to target advertising and to improve your user experience on the Services. We also may use the email addresses that are in your address books, or that you otherwise provide, to invite your friends to join the Services, as detailed in the Invitations section below.
Information That You Share When You Use Our Sites
 When you use our Services, we store certain information that you may actively or passively share or disclose, including your User ID, name, location, email address, photos, videos, friend connections, incoming and outgoing messages, incoming and outgoing comments and login information.  When you visit particular pages within a Site, you may be allowed to customize features on those pages and we may keep track of your customized preferences. We also use various technologies to remember you and create a more personalized experience for you on the Services, as detailed in the Clickstream Data, Cookies and Other Technology section below.  We also track your use of the Services, including the pages that you visit once you sign in, how much time is spent on each page, features that you click on and other behavior. We use this information to improve our Services and may also share this information with third parties for the purposes of enhancing your user experience.
Device Information, Cookies and Other Technology
We receive different types of data from or about the computers, phones or other devices where you install or access our Services.  We may associate the information we collect from your different devices, which helps us provide consistent Services across your devices.  Here are some examples of the device information we may collect:
•   Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.
•   Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
•   Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.
 A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent by our Services or its advertisers to your Internet browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive, and that delivers information about you and your activity on the Services. Pixel tags are tiny graphic files that can function in various ways (such as allowing us to track how you view an email that we send you) and are commonly used in conjunction with cookies. Local storage is similar to a cookie but is instead located on your browser and can store more information.
 Like many other services, we use the information we receive and technologies such as cookies, pixel tags and local storage to allow enhanced features, enable customizable content, and provide you with the best possible user experience. We may also share your information and information collected from cookies, pixel tags and local storage with our vendors and partners for the purposes of enhancing your user experience.
 You can configure your Internet browser, to accept all cookies, reject all cookies or notify you before accepting a cookie. Many Internet browsers also allow you to disable local storage or delete information contained in local storage. Each Internet browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. For information on disabling or deleting information contained in local storage, please click here.  If you choose not to accept cookies and/or to disable or delete local storage, be aware that you may not be able to access and enjoy all the features of the Services.
 Some of the Company’s advertisers may also use cookies for various reasons, including to monitor the effectiveness of their advertising. We do not have access to or control over how our advertisers use cookies.  If you would like more information about advertisers' use of cookies, and about your option to limit such use, please click here.  To opt-out of certain targeted advertising, visit www.aboutads.info/choices. Once you click the link, you may choose to opt-out of such advertising from all participating advertising companies or only advertising provided by specific advertising companies.  If you opt-out of this type of advertising, you may still see advertising on the Internet and advertising from us, but those ads may not be tailored to your Site usage and may be less relevant to you.
 From time to time we may extend to you information and offers from our partner companies, including news and additional details on products and services. Your usage history may result in offer screens or products specifically tailored to you. We may also produce reports for advertisers that aggregate, in an anonymous manner, information about your and other Site users’ activity on the Services.  For example, we may report to advertisers the number of Users who clicked on an ad, or the number of Users that visited different portions of the Services. This information will not include your personal information, or specify your individual online usage patterns.
Location Information
We collect your location when you register for our Site and each time that you log in on a mobile device, if you grant us permission to do so.  In your profile and privacy settings, you can control whether other users see your log in location, identified as a city or state or as a distance from another user.  We may still use your location (such as for advertising purposes) even if you choose not to display it to other users.
Information That We Receive From Others
 Certain websites that are not affiliated with the Company might place a code or other identifying user information in your browser address when you visit their websites. If you visit the Services after you have visited one of those websites we may store this identifying information from your browser address.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
 At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track Signals and similar mechanisms. Any such signal sent to our Services automatically by a web browser will not be recognized and no action will be taken. You may exercise certain choices regarding online tracking by following the instructions in this privacy policy. You can also read more about online advertising here.
 Third party advertisers may be collecting information about User behavior across different websites. The Company has no control over third parties and their collection or use of such information. You may be able to opt out of certain collection of information across browsers and by advertisers by going to the links provided in the “Device Information, Cookies and Other Technology” section.
Third Party Websites and Ad Servers
 When using the Site, you may encounter links to websites that are not owned, controlled or affiliated with the Company and/or ads delivered by third party ad servers. Please be aware that any third party websites and ad server ads that are found on the Site may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage and similar technologies. We are not responsible for, or have any control over, the privacy policies of those third party websites and ad servers, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited when linking directly from the Site.
Sharing With Third Party Partners and Customers
We work with third party companies who help us provide and improve our Services or who use advertising or related products, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world. 
 Here are the types of third parties we can share information with about you:
Advertising, Measurement and Analytics Services (Non-Personally Identifiable Information Only).
We want our advertising to be as relevant and interesting as the other information you find on our Services. With this in mind, we use all of the information we have about you to show you relevant ads.  We do not share information that personally identifies you (personally identifiable information is information like name or email address that can by itself be used to contact you or identifies who you are) with advertising, measurement or analytics partners unless you give us permission.
Vendors, service providers and other partners.
We transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who globally support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting academic research and surveys.   These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
When using the Services, you may encounter links to websites that are not owned, controlled or affiliated with the Company and/or ads delivered by third party ad servers. Please be aware that any third party websites and ad server ads that are found on the Services may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage and similar technologies.  We are not responsible for, or have any control over, the privacy policies of those third party websites and ad servers, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited when linking directly from the Services.  We will not share your Personal Information with any third parties without your consent, except as we disclose to you under this Privacy Policy or as necessary to provide you with the products and services offered by us.
Sharing Your Content
 We allow Users to upload and share content. You own the content that you post on the Services.  For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, including but not limited to photos, videos and written compositions (“IP Content”),  you specifically give us the following permission: You grant us an unconditional, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license to use any IP Content that you post on or in connection with the Services ("IP License").  For example, we may make commercial use of and/or otherwise display your name and/or IP Content in or in connection with endorsements of and/or advertisements promoting the Services and its services. This IP License ends when you delete your IP Content or terminate your account, unless your IP Content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted the content if your IP Content was incorporated into an endorsement or advertisement prior to your deletion of the IP Content. When you delete your IP Content or terminate your account, your IP Content is removed from the Services., you understand that we may maintain backup copies of the IP Content.
Invitations to Join the Services
 The Invite Friends feature is an easy way for you to invite friends through email to use and become Users of the Services. The email addresses that you supply to the Company through this feature will be used only to send invitations, and in some cases invitation reminders, to the addressees, asking them to connect with you on the Services. When you invite a friend to use the Services through email, your name will appear as the sender of the email from a Site email address.
Surveys and Contests
 At various times we may offer you the opportunity to participate in surveys and contests. Surveys may ask for your contact, demographic or unique identifying information to increase the value of the results. Contests may require your contact information or other demographic or personal information to determine eligibility. The Company may use information collected from surveys and contests for the entertainment of Users, and to determine, identify and contact winners of various contests. In addition, your demographic and/or personal information and responses to survey and contest questions may be used by the Company and/or shared with third parties in relation to the survey and contest to provide offers or advertisements specifically tailored to you. The Company will not share your email address with a third party unless you specifically opt in to permit such sharing during the completion of or registration for a survey or contest.
Protection of the Company and Others
 The Company may disclose your personal information, clickstream data, cookies and information from other technologies if the Company is required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. The Company may also disclose information about you to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) enforce our Terms of Service; (ii) respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties; (iii) respond to your requests for customer service; (iv) protect and defend the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the general public; (vi) to comply with legal process served on Company pursuant to a statutory demand, subpoena, warrant or court order; (vii) to protect against fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of the Services; or (viii) to enforce any contractual agreement between you and Company.
Security and Data Retention
 All personal information collected by the Company in connection with your use of the Services and described in this Privacy Policy, including without limitation your name, location, email address, photos and videos, friend connections, messages, comments, login information, IP address and other data, will be stored by the Company indefinitely.   The Company uses industry standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected by the Company in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee complete security.  Due to the open nature of the Internet, we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.  Also, while we make every reasonably acceptable effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee its absolute security or confidentiality or that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. Lastly, we cannot and do not ensure the adequacy or performance of any security measures that may be undertaken by Site advertisers or other third parties that may have access to your personal information on or through the Services.
Updating or Removing Your Member Information or Opting Out
 As a User, you may at any time choose to correct or update the information you have submitted to us. To change or update your information:

 Log in to your account on the Services. 
Click the "Account" or “Profile” link.
Follow the instructions to change or edit any of the information there.
As a User, you also may at any time cancel your account by following the instructions set forth here: https://support.tagged.com/hc/en-us/sections/200549364-Account-Information Upon cancellation of your account, your profile will no longer display on the Services. You will receive no further communication directly from us and we will not share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes. However, any content that you may have posted on other public pages and the profile pages of other Users will remain unless deleted by you prior to cancellation. You may still receive user generated email messages from your friends inviting you to join the Services or information from third parties with whom your information was shared prior to such a cancellation in compliance with this privacy policy. We may maintain backup copies of your information and content indefinitely.

You can select any User ID you wish, except that your User ID cannot be an impersonation, the same or confusingly similar to a famous trademark, or be a term that is offensive in any way. We reserve the right to reject or remove any username that does not meet applicable standards.
You are responsible for all activities or actions on the Services that occur under your User ID and password. We urge you to keep your User ID and password in a safe place.
How We Communicate With You
 If you want to hear from us more, or hear from us less, you can manage your communications preferences by logging in to the Services, going to your Account Settings page, and under the Email Preferences section checking or un-checking the applicable boxes. If you cancel your account, thereafter you will receive no further communications directly from us and we will not share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes.  However, you may still receive user generated email messages from your friends inviting you to join the Services or information from third parties with whom your information was shared prior to such cancellation in compliance with this privacy policy.
No Spam Policy
 The Company is opposed to spam. This No Spam Policy and Terms of Service prohibit all Users from engaging in any activity on our Services involving spam.  Violations of these prohibitions may result in immediate termination of service and legal action against the User. The Company’s Terms of Service expressly prohibit Users from uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting or otherwise making available junk mail, commercial ads, or other form of commercial solicitation on the Services or through the Company’s services.  A violation of our spam policies and/or any unauthorized use of the Company’s computer systems could result in the violation of certain federal and state laws.
Change of Ownership
 If the Company is restructured, merged, consolidated with or acquired by a third party entity, we reserve the right to transfer your information to the new owner or a related company. If that ever happens, we will notify you and you may choose to modify any of your registration information at that time.  However, we may not be able to control how your Personal Information is treated, transferred, or used in the event of the Company’s bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, or comparable event. 
Changes to This Privacy Policy
 The Company reserves the right to update, add to, change, amend or modify this Privacy Policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy or our other policies and agreements, we will post a notice about these changes on the Services, and your continued use of the Services thereafter will signify your agreement to such changes. If we materially change how we use your personal information, we will let you know before we do so and you may choose how you want to proceed at that time.
California Rights {#california_rights} 

California Privacy Rights.  California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our Users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc. 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 or by email at support@themeetgroup.com. Please be advised that we are only required to respond to one request per User each year.
Our California Do Not Track Notice. We do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide Users the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personal Information about that individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may allow third parties, such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect Personal Information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different web sites when a consumer uses the App.
Deletion of Content from California Residents. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of the Services, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to remove content or information you have publicly posted. If you wish to remove such content or information and you specify which content or information you wish to be removed, we will do so in accordance with applicable law. Please be aware that after removal you will not be able to restore removed content or information. In addition, such removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require us to enable removal of the content or information.

 If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or how to access your personal information, you can contact us by sending your request by mail to Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc., 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 or by emailing support@themeetgroup.com.
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY.
Effective Date July 12, 2017

