 Share
Privacy policy
How Convertworld.com uses cookies A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other settings. This can make your next visit easier and the site more useful to you.
We use cookies for different purposes. We use them, for example, to remember your preferred home page converters, to remember your settings, to make the ads you see more relevant to you, to count how many visitors we receive to a page.
In compliance with EU directives about use of cookies, consent is needed from any European Union user. This product includes GeoLite data created by MaxMind, available from http://www.maxmind.com. 
Learn more about disable cookies in your web browser: 
Measuring our visitors We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
You can learn more about Google Analytics here: 
Learn about opting out: 
Advertisements
Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google. Convertworld.com uses this service, which tracks user behavior concerning ads.
You can learn more about Google AdSense here: 
Learn about opting out: 
Liability
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Convertworld.com and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information or content on the website for any purpose. By using this website you agree that all risk associated with the use of, or reliance on, any of the above mentioned information or content accessed through the site rests with you. You further agree that Convertworld.com will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, in any way for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of, or in connection with your use of, or reliance on, any of the content on the website. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
The currency exchange rates are average rates that we aim to update daily from a variety of sources. We assume no responsibility whatsoever for the accuracy or reliability of this data, which should be regarded as for information purposes only.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage without limitation, including indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website you are able to reach other websites which are not under the control of Convertworld.com. We have no control over the type content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorsement of the the views expressed within them.
Convertworld.com and the information therein is provided to you solely for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for purposes of resale, distribution or any other uses by you in any form or manner whatsoever.
Any questions?
Please contact us by using the link in the menu if you have any question about our privacy policy or your personal data.
