Every time you use www.tailoritalianwear.com you are bound by the applicable Privacy Policy, so you should read this text whenever you use this site and make sure you accept it.
The personal data that you may declare anywhere on the pages of our website are processed and stored in a file under the responsibility of the limited liability company under the name "Manufacturing and Commercial Clothing Ltd" solely for purposes regarding a) the development, execution, and implementation of the purchase contract for the products you have purchased or of any other agreement between you and us, b) the processing of requests, c) the provision, with your consent, of information on TAILOR's products, which includes commercial emails or other equivalent means of electronic communication (such as SMS) and d) in general, the improvement of our services. Your personal data must not be used by any third party, except in cases provided by the Law.
Only authorized TAILOR employees have access to your transaction information and only when necessary, for example in order to handle your requests. In case TAILOR uses third parties to support its systems, confidentiality is secured.
TAILOR does not disclose its customers' data and their transactions, unless there is a written authorization from you or it is required by a court order or another public authority.
In case you pass on personal information of a third party, you are responsible for informing that person about the use of his / her data and for obtaining the explicit consent that such information is given for the purposes explained above.
In case you have purchased a product, the personal data of the third party you have given us will be used to manage the delivery and / or verify the correct delivery of the respective product as well as to respond to any questions or requests that may be expressed by you or the third party.
In case you choose to save your credit / debit card, you expressly allow us to use your card's details which are necessary to activate and develop this feature. The card's CVV code is only used for purchases in progress and is not stored or later processed as part of your card details. Your consent to enable this feature lets your data to be automatically filled in, so it will not be necessary to enter your data in any new process, and those data will be considered valid for present and future purchases.You may modify your card details and revoke your consent to process these details at any time. TAILOR stores and transfers your card details in accordance with the international principles of confidentiality and security for credit and debit cards. Using this feature may require changing your password for security reasons. Security, while browsing this site, also depends on its proper use and keeping certain codes confidential.
TAILOR, being the archive manager, holds the responsibility to ensure that your personal data are kept confidential and that you exercise your rights of accessing, correcting, deleting, and objecting through an e-mail to sales@tailorstores.com. If necessary, we will ask you to provide us with a photocopy of your identity card, passport or any other valid documentary evidence.
Your personal information may also be disclosed to TAILOR affiliated companies, third-party managers, information centers, financial institutions, or other service providers that assist our business operations or are necessary to manage your purchases, under conditions that fully ensure at all times that your personal information does not undergo any illegal processing.
By providing us with information on this website or otherwise, you expressly authorize us to disclose and process your information as described above. Your consent to this access / disclosure includes those cases where providers are likely to be based in the United States of America or other countries or regions outside the European Economic Zone,in order to be more efficient at the provision of services.
The user of the website guarantees that the provided information is correct and accurate and is committed to communicate any change or modification thereof. The user will be solely responsible for any loss or damage caused to the website or to any third party responsible for the site due to the provision of incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete information in the subscription fields.
