



                  Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo:
                
                  No teacher, school leader, parent or student profiles are made available to the general public through our Service. Furthermore, students cannot share their account information (except their avatar) with anyone on ClassDojo. If you are a teacher, school leader, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, or parents - for example, things like your account information, feedback points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are messaging through ClassDojo Messaging, Class Story, or School Story or our other collaboration features.
              

                Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with. We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information.
              




                  Third-party integrations on our Service:
                
                When, as a teacher, school leader, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share. For example, when you invite others via Facebook or Twitter, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality, and information that you are sharing this from ClassDojo. Information collected by these apps, websites or integrated services is subject to their own terms and policies.
              




                  Service Providers:
                
                Third party advertising is not permitted on ClassDojo. We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf - we can’t build everything ourselves, after all! We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security. Please see here for a list of the third parties we work with to provide the Service. Generally, these service providers do not have the right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. Additionally, these service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
              




                  Testimonials:
                
                We post testimonials on our Service which may contain personal information such as the name, photo and/or a video of the individual in the testimonial. We obtain the individual’s consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly. To request removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.com.
              




                  Analytics Services:
                
                We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used. These services may collect, store and use information in order to to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded. A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
              




                  Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information:
                
                We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how ClassDojo is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo. Any aggregated information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
              




Legal Requirements:
                
                We may disclose personal information if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process. We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our our Terms of Service or other agreements. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection or responding to government requests.
              




                  Sharing with ClassDojo Companies:
                
                Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize. We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
              




                  Change of control:
                
                In the event that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third party, personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third party. This Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy). We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us. If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, you may request its deletion from the company.
              

                In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third party.
              




                  With your consent:
                
                Other than the cases above, we won’t disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it. Additionally, as discussed above, we will never sell or rent your personal information to advertisers or other third parties.
              


