
            Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us - we’re educators and parents ourselves, after all. This is why we’ve signed the Student Privacy Pledge and received iKeepSafe’s COPPA Safe Harbor seal, signifying that this Privacy Policy and our practices with respect to the operation of the Service have been reviewed and approved for compliance with iKeepSafe’s COPPA Safe Harbor program. COPPA protects the online privacy of children under the age of 13 (“child” or “children”); for more information about COPPA and generally protecting children’s online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
          


What information does ClassDojo collect from children, and how is it used?
            ClassDojo collects the minimal amount of information from students necessary to use our Service. Currently student accounts are created in the following ways: (1) by the student’s parent; (2) by the student’s teacher; or (3) by the student in the classroom if the teacher elects to provide the student with a unique code. When logging into a student account created by a parent or teacher, students do not need to provide any information beyond scanning a unique QR code provided by their teacher or by their parent and in the classroom, choosing their name from a list shown to them. If a student has created their own account, they will use the username and password they created.

            When a parent sets up an account for their child, they will first need a parent account. In order to set up a parent account, parents must first receive the unique parent code provided to their child by their child’s teacher or sent through an email/SMS invitation directly from the teacher containing the unique parent code. We don’t ask the child’s parent for any additional information regarding their child during the student account creation, but link the account to the name and information provided by the child’s teacher. In accordance with COPPA, we may ask the parent to provide the date of birth or age of their child, and if the child is under 13, we will also then seek to obtain verifiable parental consent in order to proceed with creating their child’s account. Once we have obtained parental consent, the child’s account will be set up and a QR code will be accessible on the parents device to allow the child to log in to their student account. We don’t ask students to enter any other personal information when a parent sets up their account. Although not required under COPPA, we may choose to impose parental consent requirements on students 13 and above at our discretion.

            If a student’s school or teacher elects to utilize student accounts on a shared device (or any other devices) in school, the school will be responsible for obtaining any necessary parental consent under COPPA to create the student account on behalf of the student and let students access their accounts. After doing so, if the teacher is creating the student’s account, the teacher will be able to share a QR code with their class and then students can scan the QR code and tap their name from the list of names shown to them to log in and start using their student account. Please note that if you, as a parent, provide an email to the school when the school is obtaining parental consent, we may send an email out to you asking you to verify your child’s account, but you will not receive any other emails unless you have opted in to email marketing or have separately created an account on our Service.

            Alternatively, a teacher may choose to allow students to set up their own account using the unique code provided by the teacher. When students set up their own ClassDojo account, we ask students to provide a unique username (we advise students not to use their real names), a password and the unique code they have been given by their teacher to connect with the class.  They will use the username and password to access their account instead of the QR Code. Consistent with the requirements of COPPA, we also ask for the child’s age, and a parent or guardian email address from the child so we can seek verifiable parental consent or provide parental notice (as applicable). We will not use parent emails provided this way to market our Service to the parent, unless the parent has opted in to email marketing or has separately created an account on our Service. We don’t ask students to enter any other personal information when setting up an account.

            Any student account (or access to a student account) created for the student by the parent, or the student’s teacher in class, or the student directly, are linked together (these are not different accounts).
Photos, Videos and Journal Entries
            Once a student account is created (whether created by the student’s teacher or parent or the student themself) and parental consent is obtained, students will be able to take and upload photos, videos and write journal entries (which may contain personal information) to their account and Student Story which will be collected by ClassDojo. The Student Story can only be viewed by the student themself, the student’s parents, and the student’s teachers and school leaders. If the school or teacher elects to utilize student accounts in the classroom, the school will be responsible for obtaining any necessary parental consent under COPPA. Additionally, the student’s teacher must approve any post made by students (whether uploaded in their student account created at home or school) before it is shared with parents on Student Story. Any content uploaded by a student in their student account created by their parent or in the classroom by their teacher or themselves will appear in the same student account (these are not three different accounts).
Viewing Stories
            Students with student accounts may also view the Class Story and School Story, however, they will not be able to post content (such as videos or photos) to either the Class Story or School Story. Currently, students are limited to posting content to just their own Student Story.
          

            In addition to the information listed above, we automatically collect some information from any use of our Service as set forth in the "Information collected automatically" section.
          

            We use this information to provide the Service to the child, for security and safety purposes, as required by law, or to enforce our Terms. We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in the Service. If we discover that we have collected information from a child in a manner inconsistent with COPPA, we will take appropriate steps to either delete the information, or immediately seek the parent’s consent for that collection. We do not disclose any personal information about children to third-parties, except to service providers necessary to provide the Service, as required by law, or to protect the security of the Service or other users. Additionally, personal information collected from students is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students by us or any third-party, and children’s personal information is never sold or rented to anyone, including marketers and advertisers.
          

            We also receive from the child’s teacher whatever name he or she has provided for the student, and the feedback points assigned by that teacher. Teachers can choose to provide full names for students (e.g., first name and last name) when setting up their class; they can also opt to only provide non-identifying information (e.g., just first name and seat number).
          

