
LAST UPDATED: [6/8/2018]

In this Privacy Policy, “Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our” means MyAnimeList, LLC, the owner and operator of the website www.MyAnimeList.net (the “Site”). Your privacy is important to the Company, and we take your privacy very seriously. We designed our Privacy Policy to cover how we collect and use your information in connection with use of our Site; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information; how your information is protected; and how this information may be used and disclosed. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net.

Scope
What information the Site collects
How we use the information that we collect
Information sharing
Your choices
Access
Children under 13
Confidentiality and security
Visitors from outside of the United States
Changes to the privacy policy
Questions and suggestions



This privacy policy is applicable only to the Site and does not extend to information collected by any other websites or to the practices or procedures of companies that the Company does not control. Note that the Site may contain links to other websites, such as ad banners linking to another website. In such cases, this Privacy Policydoes not apply to information collected on that website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites, and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit.


You do not need to provide information directly to us in order to view the Site. However, when you using certain functions on the Site, such as accessing certain features or content, registering for certain services, or contacting the Site directly, we may ask for the following information, which may include:

contact information, such as name and email address;
username and password;
information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features;
search queries conducted on the Site; and
correspondence you send to us.

When you use, interact with and visit the Site, certain information may automatically be collected, including:

information collected through HTML cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.;
your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address;
your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs that are installed on your computer;
your browser type and operating system;
the web pages you were visiting immediately before and after you came to the Site;
aggregated data about email click-through rates and user video viewing;
activities within community discussions;
standard server log information;

We may access information about you from third-party sources and platforms (such as Google Analytics Demographics and Interests Reports social networking sites, databases, online marketing firms, and ad targeting firms), including:

unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers, that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law;
demographic data, such as age range, gender, and interests;
if you access third-party social networking services (such as Facebook Connect or Twitter) through the Site, your username and connection lists for those services; and
advertisement interaction and viewing data, such as ad click-through rates and information about how many times you viewed a particular ad.
Please note that the Site may combine information we obtain from third-party sources with the information that we collect.



In order to provide our readers with free access to our content, we display advertisements on the Site, many of which are targeted based on information about you. Using information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other sources, we may use demographic data or information about your online activities or interests to display targeted advertising that may be relevant to your preferences. Through this process, advertisers reach Site visitors who are most interested in their products, and you see advertising for products or services in which you may be interested.
    Third-party advertisers and advertising platforms also may serve targeted ads on the Site. Please remember that the information practices of third-party advertisers or platforms collecting data on our Site are not covered by this privacy policy.
We may use the information that we collect to send you e-mail communications, such as information about changes to the Site or your account, promotional messages about our email newsletters, and our own or our marketing partners' products and services.
We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for products, services, and information. We may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests or to enable you to participate in features on the Site such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards.
To provide you with an open and civil, discussion forum, we track user involvement in our community discussions. Our forum moderators monitor discussions and delete comments that we deem inappropriate in our forums.  For more information on this process, please see the Site's community rules, forum rules or comment policies about comment moderation guidelines.
In order to learn more about how the Site is used, we aggregate and analyze the data that we collect. We may use this information, for example, to better tailor our content and design to suit our visitors' needs, to increase our Site's functionality, and to monitor and analyze use of the Site and.
We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities, to enforce the Site's Terms of Use, and to otherwise protect our rights and the rights of our users.
By using the Site, you consent to the uses stated above and any other use of information identified in this privacy policy.  In addition, we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.


The Company values your privacy, and shares information about the Site's users only under certain circumstances. We will make information about you available to other companies, applications, or people only in situations listed below:

We may employ third parties to perform Site-related services, including maintenance services, database management, data processing, analytics, marketing, and email and text message distribution. Access to your information is granted to these third parties only for the purpose of performing these tasks on our behalf.
Aggregated information or information that does not directly identify you may be shared with third parties to help us develop services, content, and advertising that may be of interest to the users. We do not share contact information with third parties that advertise on the Site unless you opt-in or otherwise agree to have such information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing purposes.
We may share information about you to respond to judicial proceedings, court orders, subpoenas, search warrants, legal process, or other law enforcement measures, to establish or exercise our rights, and/or to defend against legal actions or claims.
We may share information about you to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or other rights and interests of any person, violations of the Site's Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
If you choose to engage in public activities on the site, such as posting comments on community message boards, any information you submit can be read, collected, or used by others. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in public activities or submissions.
We may share information about you in the event that the Site is acquired by or merged with another company or a similar corporate transaction takes place.
We may share information about you for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.

Once we share your information with another party, the information received by that party becomes subject to the other party's privacy policies.  Please note that third parties may independently collect data about you, through cookies, clicks on links, or other means when you visit or view ads on the Site.


If the Site functionality permits, you can deactivate your account at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile or delete any content you provide from the Site, though we may retain a copy of any deactivated accounts or deleted content for compliance purposes. When you deactivate your account, your user profile will be disabled, but your public comments will remain on the site. The Site has no responsibility to take down, remove, or edit any of your public activities or any submissions that are a result of your public activities. For more information, please review our Terms of Use.
As discussed below, some information is collected about you automatically through cookies and other tracking technologies.

Cookies. You can change your browser settings to reject all cookies, accept only certain cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. Please note that you may need to renew these settings if you delete your cookies after these preferences are made. These settings also may not apply if you are using a different computer or Internet browser. To opt out of having information collected by third party ad networks, advertising agencies, advertisers, and audience segment providers used for behavioral advertising, to obtain information about the technologies these third parties might use, and to view information regarding their privacy policies, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices if you are located in the United States, www.youronlinechoices.com if you are located in Europe, youradchoices.ca/choices if you are located in Canada, or www.youronlinechoices.com.au if you are located in Australia.
Flash Cookies. You can control how Flash cookies are used by visiting the Adobe Macromedia site, located here. Adobe enables you to allow some Flash cookies from certain websites, limit Flash cookies' storage capacity, and disallow Flash cookies altogether.
If you opt out of these technologies, you will continue to see advertising displayed on the Site, but the advertising may not be targeted to your interests. Please remember that we do not have access to, or control over, advertisers' or service providers' cookies, and the information practices of third parties are not covered by this privacy policy. For more information on the use of cookies in online advertising, please visit the NAI's website.

Cookies are small amounts of information stored in files within your computer's browser. Websites can access only the cookies that they have stored on your computer.

To improve Site services, and to track Site analytics and use;
To research and measure the effectiveness of our interactive online features, content, advertisements, and other communications;
To customize advertisements you see when you visit the Site; and
To recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and recall any preferences that may have been set while you visited the Site. We may save login information so that you do not need to sign in when you revisit the Site.

The Site's third-party partners may use Flash cookies, known as locally shared objects (LSOs), to track user behaviors in various ways. LSOs keep collections of cookie-like data stored in a directory on a user's computer, and are installed through Adobe's Flash video player.
We may use web beacons (also called pixels, transparent GIFs, web bugs, or action tags). Web beacons are technologies are strings of code that deliver a tiny graphic image on a web page or in an email. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as the time and date a page is viewed, cookies, and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. In general, any file served as part of a web page can act as a web beacon.
Web beacons may be used for various tracking purposes, like determining whether or not you are logged into the Site and whether or not you are connected to a third-party service.
Third parties may use web beacons on the Site to receive research, auditing, and reporting information, or to understand your interests and tailor advertisements tailored to your interests.
Some of the advertisements you see on the Site are from third parties, such as advertising agencies, advertisers, ad networks, and audience segment providers. These third parties may collect information about you and your online activities, either on the Site or on other websites, through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to understand your interests and tailor certain advertisements to your interests.
The Company does not have control over, or access to the information these third parties may collect. Such third parties' information practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
If you choose to opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, you will continue to see advertisements on the Site, but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you.
If you are a California resident, you may request information about our practices related to disclosing your personal information to certain third parties and/or opt-out of our sharing of your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Please send your request (along with your full name, e-mail address, postal address, and the subject line labeled “Your California Privacy Rights”) by e-mail legal@mail.myanimelist.net.


If you choose to share personal information with us, you may update or amend this information by contacting us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net. Please include in your email the name of the Site to which you provided the information you wish to amend.


The Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete such information  The Site is designed to be of service and interest to users ages 13 and older. If you are a minor over the age of 13, you may only use this Site with the permission and under the supervision of your parent or guardian.  If you are a minor under the age of 13, you are not allowed to provide any personal information to the Company, on the Site or through any other service provided by the Company. Please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.


We limit access to contact information about you to employees or service providers who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We also have adopted commercially reasonable technical, physical, and administrative procedures to help protect information about you from loss, misuse, and alteration.
    Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using the Site, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.


The Site's offices are located in the United States. If you visit the site from another country, please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Site may be processed in and transferred to the United States and will be subject to U.S. law. U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using the Site or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the United States.


Please check this page periodically for changes as we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.  Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms will constitute acceptance of those changes.  Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected.


If you have any questions, inquires, requests, or complaints concerning this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net or by regular mail Attn: Privacy Officer, 665 3rd Street, Suite 150, San Francisco, CA 94107 USA.





    In this Privacy Policy, " MAL", "we", "us", or "our" means MyAnimeList, LLC.
    Your privacy is important to MAL. We designed our Privacy Policy to cover how we collect, use and share your information in connection with use of our multi-region entertainment software, and media dedicated to that software ("Services"). By using our Services, you agree to our collection and use of your information, including your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
    So please take a moment to learn the five W's, the How, and other important matters about the information we collect and how we use and share it. If you have any questions, please contact us.
  



    In the course of using our Services, you may provide us, directly and indirectly, with both personal and non-personal information.
    Personal information is information that can be used to identify you as an individual. Non-personal information is information
    that does not permit direct association with you. Both personal information and non-personal information may be used alone
    or in the aggregate with information collected from other users. Certain non-personal information would be considered a part
    of your personal information if it were combined with other identifiers (e.g., combining your zip or postal code with your
    street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered non-personal
    information if they are taken alone or combined only with other non-personal information (e.g., your viewing preferences).
  

    Some data is necessary for enabling us to provide the registration to and usage of our Services. This includes the data below.
  


Item
Types of Data
Purpose of use


Basic information


Date of birth
Gender
Postal address
E-mail address
Nationality



          To help us develop, deliver, and improve our Services, including the following aspects of our Services:
          
messaging and other communication to and with users
the creation, updating, accessing, and maintaining of lists of friends or contacts
transactions for and use of virtual currency and virtual items
social communication and user-interactive features
providing end-user support.




Data about your account and use of Services


Log-in ID
Password
User ID




Data we collect with Cookies




Payment-related information


Credit card number
Credit card expiration date
PayPal payer ID
Stripe customer ID




Information from Third Parties


Facebook user ID
Google user ID
Twitter user ID




IP address




To prevent and take measures against fraud, illegal activities, infringement of our rights or interests, or breaches of our Terms of Use, and this Privacy Policy.




Data about your account and use of Services


Log-in ID
Password
User ID




Payment-related information


Credit card number
Credit card expiration date
PayPal payer ID
Stripe customer ID




Basic Information




To send important notices, such as changes to our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or other Services-specific policies.




Information from Third Parties


Facebook user ID
Google user ID
Twitter user ID




To audit and analyze data for technical administration, to improve our Services, and for end-user communications




Data about your account and use of Services




Basic Information





    In addition to the above data, we would also like to use the below data for general advertisement purposes and to inform you of our future offers and similar products. 
  


Item
Types of Data
Purpose of use


Data about your account and use of Services




The delivery and targeting of advertising in the Services
Tracking of advertisement fulfillment metrics in the Services
Recommending Services-related products or services of interest directly to you




IP address




For market research purposes that support our efforts to deliver a more valuable service to our community of users, including using your information to contact you with announcements, newsletters, and promotional materials related to our Services or to offer you opportunities to participate in surveys, contests, or sweepstakes via our Services.




Data about your account and use of Services




Data about your account and use of Services






Your information is collected by us when you directly interact with our Services and otherwise through use of our Services via your Device (as described in the “How” section below).
Your information may also be made available to us when you register with any SNS for use of our Services and/or permit any SNS to share any of your information with us in connection with your use of our Services, including any profile information (such as username, images, date of birth, real name), type of Device, SNS account ID, gender, location information, and your SNS friends' lists, and when any changes are made to that information. By accepting an SNS's applicable terms, you agree and consent to the SNS making such information available to us on those terms.
If you actively choose to participate in a Promotion, we may request that you provide us with personal information such as your email address or postal address in order to administer your participation in the Promotion.
We will not keep your personal information any longer than needed for the purpose it was collected or than is necessary for legal or legitimate business purposes.


As already mentioned, we may collect information from you when you directly interact with our Services and otherwise indirectly through your access to or use of our Services.
Direct interaction includes such actions as creating a username, providing an email address, creating a friends' list, chatting with other users, or posting to walls and other forums through our Services. It also includes the sending of pre-formatted messages for various purposes such as to challenge friends to beat a high score. We may store the email address of the friend that you choose to email via our Services, but would only do so for social purposes such as generating friend recommendations. You specifically agree that we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to collect and store the information referred to in this paragraph.
We may also collect your information from third parties who provide it to us, including other users of our Services.
A cookie is a small string of text placed on your Device. In addition to strictly necessary cookies that enable us to provide our Services (such those that provide your SNS log-in status when that account ID is linked to functionality on the Services), we may use both performance-gauging and functionality-gauging cookies. Performance-gauging cookies reveal how you use the Services, for instance, which content is the most popular, how much time users are spending there, and what advertising is relevant to you, which helps us provide an optimized experience (we may engage third parties to carry out this analysis, and they may set their own "third party" cookies--see "The Who" for more). Functionality-gauging cookies enables us to remember certain choices you make in interacting with the Services, for instance, any geographic location, language, or fonts you choose, which helps us tailor the Services to your preferences. Neither performance-gauging cookies nor functionality-gauging cookies collect information in any way that personally identifies you.
Except for cookies strictly necessary for enabling us to provide our Services, you have the option to disable cookies stored on your browser by changing the options in your browser to stop accepting cookies, or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the content you visit, or by installing opt-out cookies offered by third parties. Note that "flash cookies", which are different from HTTP cookies, may require different treatment for removal of disablement depending on the version of the browser used. If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to view or use parts of our Services due to limited functionality. Some cookies we use may be stored using a web-browsing component other than a browser application--these cannot be disabled on your Device, but the information collected does not personally identify you, and does not permit tracking between Services. We generate and collect Session ID and Browser ID by cookies for the user identification.
Some of our Services, including messaging, may use "click-through URLs" linked to other content on our Services. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in topics, Services usability, and other measures of user engagement.
In using our Services, our servers record information sent from your Device, which may include information such as device type, mobile carrier, unique device identifier ("Device Number"), Internet Protocol ("IP") address, email address, browser type, language, Internet service provider, network status, time zone, geo location, referring and exit pages, time spent, information searched for, time and date stamp, clickstream data, and other statistics on your use of our Services; for some games or other software no Device Number is recorded but in those and other cases we may have access to a generated and non-permanent unique identification number functionally matched with your Device ("Matching Number").


While we will collect and use your information as explained in this Privacy Policy, as a user of our Services you may be permitted to use and create your own profile, connect with other users of our Services, and send messages and transmit information through various channels. Please remember that any communications you have via our Services, depending on, for example, the functionality of the Services used, may reveal information such as any SNS and/or Services profile(s) you create (including your username(s), profile image(s), and profile status/comments, "Profile") and the content of your communications, making this information publicly available to other users. We are not responsible for the activities of other users or other third parties with whom you choose to provide your information or otherwise interact.
As mentioned in "The Why", social interaction is an important part of our Services. You understand and agree that your Profile may be viewable in the Services by other users of the Services and may also be searchable for the purpose of facilitating user-user invitations or other social aspects of the Services. You also understand and agree that certain in-Services achievements/activities of yours may be displayed and viewable in the Services by other users of the Services in connection with social features of the Services. For example, other users of the Services may be able to see your leaderboard ranking, an item you received in a game, or your in-game event history (event ranking, points, etc.). Note that where available you may have the option to change certain aspects of your Profile (e.g., profile image).
To the extent you have agreed in the consent form in section “The What” above, we may share your information as follows:


      With Third Parties for Industry Analysis and Advertising
You agree that we may share technical information related to your Device (such as IP address, Matching Number, or Device ID), aggregated non-personal information, and anonymous information with advertisers, ad networks, and analytics analysis entities ("Ad Entities") with whom we have strategic relationships, and Ad Entities may also be permitted to collect such information via cookies and other tracking technologies. This information may be used to undertake user trend analyses, demographic profiling, and analytics, and to provide to you tailored and personalized ads and advertising (behavioural advertising). Please note, though, that some Ad Entities also act as Service Providers (defined below) for us, and in those cases we may share your information as explained below.


      With our Service Providers

        Sharing of your information may also occur where we engage or employ service providers, vendors, or other third parties to help us provide our Services (such as Instabug, Google Cloud Functions and Firebase, Google Analytics, Google Data Studio, or Google Big Query, each a "Service Provider") (e.g., improvement of our Services' features, promotion and marketing, administration, analytics, customer service, cloud storage, hosting, and other related services), to provide the Services on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are being used. Our Service Providers may have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and they are obligated not to disclose or use your personal information for any other purpose.
      


      With Certain Third Parties in Special Circumstances

        At times, we may disclose information about you to law enforcement officials or private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of MAL or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity.
      

        Under another special set of circumstances, for example, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may sell or transfer some or all of our assets, and in this connection we may transfer all of your information, including personal information, to any successor entity.
      



    None of our Services is intended for children under the age of 13 ("children") and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, or store personal information of, children. We will upon notice or discovery take all reasonable efforts to erase or destroy any such personal information that may have been collected or stored by us without our knowledge.
  



    You understand and agree that we may transfer your information to and process it outside your country of residence, including in the Unites States. Your consent to this Privacy Policy by accessing or using our Services represents your consent to such transfer and processing.
  

    The transfer of personal data to recipients outside the EU/EEA is generally prohibited unless:
  


      the jurisdiction in which the recipient is located is deemed to provide an adequate level of data protection;
    

      the data exporter puts in place appropriate safeguards (e.g. binding corporate rules; contractual arrangements with the recipient of the personal data, using, for example, the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, adherence to a code of conduct or certification mechanism together with obtaining binding and enforceable commitments from the recipient) or
    

      derogation or exemption applies (e.g. where an individual has explicitly consented to the proposed transfer after having been provided with all necessary information about the risks associated with the transfer)
    




    We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will give notice of that in the Services, on our website (myanimelist.net) and/or by email to any email address we may have for you at that time. Your use of our Services after we have changed the Privacy Policy will indicate your consent to the updated Privacy Policy.
  



    For the exercise of any of your rights mentioned below, please contact us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net or by regular mail Attn: Privacy Officer, 665 3rd Street, Suite 150, San Francisco, CA 94107 USA.
  

    You can withdraw your consent for the collection, usage and storage of your information and data free of charge and at any time by giving us reasonable notice. Your withdrawal can be sent via mail to legal@mail.myanimelist.net or by regular mail Attn: Privacy Officer, 665 3rd Street, Suite 150, San Francisco, CA 94107 USA.
    Upon receiving your request, we will inform you of the likely consequences of the withdrawal of your consent, and will cease to process your information therefrom, unless otherwise permitted or required by applicable laws and regulations. Please note that if you withdraw your consent to any or all usage of your data, depending on the nature of your request, we may not be able to provide to you our Services anymore.
  

    You have the right to request anytime information about the data stored by us concerning you, their source and their recipients as well as the purpose of the data processing. You further have the right of correction, and the right of deletion of the data stored with us anytime. 
  

    You have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning yourself which are necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us. We will no longer process the personal data unless there are legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of you or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
  

    You have the right to obtain restriction of procession when:
    (a) the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
    (b) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead;
    (c) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
    (d) you have objected to processing you data pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of us override those of you.


    You have the right to receive the personal data concerning yourself, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us, where:
    (a) the processing is based on consent;
    (b) the processing is carried out by automated means
    In exercising your right to data portability, you have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from us to another controller, where technically feasible. The exercise of the right to data portability is without prejudice to the right to erasure.


    Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you are not satisfied with our response or think we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law.
  

    You may have the option of deleting a Matching Number by performing a dedicated reset or a Device factory reset from the settings of your Device. You understand that by deleting a Matching Number any and all data you had prior to the reset may be lost and irretrievable, and that you may not be able to view or use portions of our Services due to limited functionality.
  


  Unless you indicated otherwise at installation or chose not to receive push and local notifications where the option is made available to you, you agree that we may send push and local notifications to your Device concerning updates, events, and special offers for our mobile games and other mobile applications of the Services installed on your Device. Please note that where available you may have the option of deactivating push or local notifications by changing the settings of the game/application or of your Device. 



    We take your privacy very seriously and employ reasonable administrative, physical, and electronic measures to safeguard information received from you and held by us against identity theft and unauthorized access or alteration. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of your personal information. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your username, login password, or any national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited communication (e.g., via e-mail, telephone, or mobile device). 
  

    We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" or "personal information" (as defined in applicable statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on our website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement; or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
  

    If you have any concerns with the way we collect and handle your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information held by us, please contact us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request; please note, though, that at a minimum we may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or to send necessary communications to you under this Privacy Policy. You understand that deletion of your personal information may result in you not being able to view or use portions of our Services which depend on such information.
  

    If you wish to stop receiving SMS messages from us, text "STOP" to the number from which they are sent.
  

    For more information, including possible options you may have, on the use of behavioural advertising by Ad Entities generally, see, e.g., the Digital Advertising Alliance, the Network Advertising Initiative.
  



    Our Services may contain links to other websites and online services or offers from third parties. For example, our Services may include offers from third party advertisers or the ability to engage in transactions with such entities. If you choose to participate in offer-linked information requests or "click on" an advertisement or another third party link, you may be directed to that third party's website or service and/or be prompted to provide personal information in connection with such activity.
  

    The fact that we link to a third party website or service is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of such third party's privacy or information security policies or practices or their compliance with any laws. We do not exercise control over third party websites or services, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by them, including Ad Entities. These other websites or services may place their own cookies or other tracking devices on your computer or mobile device, or collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and services you use and the terms of the offers in which you participate. You agree that we are not responsible for, nor will we be liable to you or any third party for, your interaction with such third parties or the information requests initiated by such third parties or the subsequent use, treatment, or dissemination of the information you provide to them.
  



    If you have any questions, inquires, requests, or complaints concerning this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net or by regular mail Attn: Privacy Officer, 665 3rd Street, Suite 150, San Francisco, CA 94107 USA.
  

    To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email to dpo@dena.com



