


About DPD and data protection 

DPD Dynamic Parcel Distribution GmbH & Co. KG (referred to below as DPD) is a leading international provider of parcel and express services and every day accepts responsibility for the transport of 2 million parcels. The company's head office is in Aschaffenburg.  
DPD Dynamic Parcel Distribution GmbH & Co. KG
Wailandtstraße 1 
63741 Aschaffenburg Deutschland  DPD takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. This applies not just to the data which you provide when you visit our website ( www.dpd.com), but also to the especially sensitive data which you have to enter when you use our online shipping service ( www.dpd-onlineversand.de).  For this reason DPD operates its website and internet portal in compliance with the applicable data protection and data security. As a private company DPD is in particular subject to the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and Telecommunications Media Act (TMG).  Under this legislation DPD has the right to record and process personal data to the extent that this is necessary for the establishment and content of the contractual relationship (basic user data), to enable the use of the portal and the services offered there (usage data) and the invoicing of these services (invoicing data).  DPD wishes to ensure that visitors and users have confidence in its online services and therefore provides transparency about the way it treats personal data. Here you can learn what information is collected and how it is used. 



What must be observed in relation to personal data? 

In accordance with §3 BDSG personal data is defined as individual details about the personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person.  
In principle you can use our website ( www.dpd.com ) without revealing your identity. If you subscribe to a personalised service, or request information material to be sent to you by post, we ask you to submit your name and other personal information because we need these details in order to provide the requested service. In the process we record only those details which we actually need to meet your request. The decision is yours whether you wish to take advantage of this service and enter your data for the relevant purpose.  In order to use DPD's online shipping service ( www.dpd-onlineversand.de) you have to register with us and be activated as a user. The contractual terms of the business information services which can be used via the portal make such registration and personalisation necessary.  For registration purposes DPD will request your email address, password and other personal information.



How is the security of your data ensured?

DPD stores its data on specially protected servers in Germany. Access to these is only permitted to a few authorised personnel who are responsible for the technical, commercial or editorial aspects of these servers. DPD takes the necessary precautions to guarantee the security of personal data. Your data will be conscientiously protected against loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation and unauthorised access or publication. 



Will your personal data be passed on to third persons? 

DPD uses and processes your personal data only internally within the company. Such data is not passed on, either in the form of sale, rental or exchange. If we need to transfer data to external service providers for the purpose of implementing the relevant service (processing of order data), these service providers will be subject to the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act, other applicable legal directives and the present declaration on data protection.



Are there exceptions with regard to the restrictions on the transfer of data to third persons? 

DPD does not pass on your data to third persons, unless such transfer takes place in the course of the implementation of a contractual purpose which is known to you, you have given your express consent to such a transfer in advance or the company is under a legal obligation to make such a transfer.



How you can exercise your right of withdrawal and deletion of your data

If you have entrusted personal data to DPD you can withdraw this at any time; we will delete your data immediately, unless there is a legal obligation for it to be archived. If deletion is not possible for this or some other reason, we will block the data for any further use, as stipulated by the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). The 'Contact' navigation on our website and internet portal enables you not just to get in touch with DPD, for example, you can also cancel your agreement to the future recording, processing and use of your personal data. The personal data you have already provided us with will then be deleted. In addition you can contact our data protection officer at  datenschutz@dpd.com and request the deletion of your personal data. If you have a question about parcel shipping with DPD please do not hesitate to send your request to  info@dpd.com. 



What happens with the data which is automatically collected? 

When its information portal is accessed, DPD receives usage data which is stored for backup purposes and which may enable identification of the user (e.g. IP address, date, time and the pages which have been accessed). This data is not used in a person-related way and is only analysed for the statistical evaluation of anonymised data records. 



Why are IP addresses saved?

DPD can temporarily save IP addresses in particular for the purpose of ensuring effective protection of its website. An IP address is a sequence of numbers which are used for addressing data packages on the internet. If there is a report of misuse, the IP address of the responsible access code is saved during the first login after the reported misuse and, if a court order is made to this effect, passed on to the responsible legal authorities together with the remaining available personal data. If the report of misuse should turn out to be without due cause, the IP address which has been saved will be deleted again immediately.



Are cookies used?


"Cookies" are small files which enable DPD to store specific information related to you on your PC while you visit our website. These cookies help us to check on the frequency of use and the number of users who visit our internet pages, and to make our services to you as convenient and efficient as possible.Cookies cannot penetrate the user's system and create damage there. DPD also uses cookies for the purpose of identifying you as a member during your visit to  www.dpd-onlineversand.de. In such cookies data such as session ID information is saved.



What has to be observed with links to other internet pages?

Our internet pages contain some links to external websites. We are not responsible for the contents of these sites and the terms of their data protection declarations . We therefore recommend that before using other services you should find out about their data protection terms. 



Download 

If programmes are made available for downloading this is implemented on condition that liability is accepted only in the absence of warranted features, the culpable infringement of major obligations, the deliberate or grossly negligent failure to fulfil other obligations and culpable injury to health. 



Brand rights 

The use of all brands and logos is only permitted to third parties on request. 



Contact

If you have any questions, suggestions or remarks on the subject of data protection our data protection officer will be happy to help you and provide you with information about your data which has been saved by us. You can contact him at  datenschutz@dpd.com. If you have a question about parcel shipping with DPD please use our email adress  info@dpd.com.  The rapid technical development of the internet and the resulting legal changes make it necessary to modify our data protection declaration from time to time in line with new technical and/or legal requirements. We will keep you informed here about any new developments, which means that you should access our data protection declaration from time to time in order to stay up to date on possible changes.


