


How does DPDgroup deal with Personal Data Protection?

DPDgroup considers the protection of your Personal Data and privacy when designing new products and services.To ensure the security of your Personal Data and safeguard the proper exercise of your rights, DPDgroup implements measures designed to protect your Personal Data.



What Personal Data are used by DPDgroup?

DPDgroup undertakes to only collect the data that is strictly necessary for the provision of the requested services.If optional data is requested, you will be given a clear explanation of the Personal Data DPDgroup needs to provide the requested service and the data you may decide to provide voluntarily.Your Personal Data is collected from you directly or from the sender of your parcel and will only be used for the purposes notified to you.Your Personal Data will only be used to propose other services if you have agreed to receive commercial communication.



To which services or companies are your Personal Data transferred to?

Your data may be transferred to:

Departments within DPDgroup: departments in charge of performing the requested services;
External providers: technical service providers, including sub-contractors;
Companies of Groupe La Poste, for the performance of the services.




Can your Personal Data be transferred to non-EU countries?

DPDgroup carries out all Personal Data processing activities within the European Union (EU).However, for some specific services, DPDgroup may use data processors located outside of the EU. Some of your Personal Data may therefore be transferred to them for the strict purposes of their services. In such cases and in accordance with the regulations in force, DPDgroup requires its data processors to provide the necessary safeguards to ensure regulated, secure transfers, mainly by requiring them to sign the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses.



How long will DPDgroup keep your Personal Data?

Different retention periods apply for the various services we provide.DPDgroup undertakes not to retain your Personal Data any longer than is necessary for the provision of the service or for compliance with the retention periods arising from the applicable limitation periods.



Are your Personal Data protected?

DPDgroup undertakes to adopt all measures protecting the security and confidentiality of your Personal Data and, in particular, to prevent any damage, erasure or unauthorised access by a third party.If your Personal Data is affected by a security breach (destruction, loss, alteration or disclosure), DPDgroup undertakes to fulfil our obligation to notify Personal Data Breaches, in particular to the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL).



What are your rights concerning your Personal Data?

You may contact DPDgroup to exercise your rights held under the personal data regulations in force at any time:

Right of access: you may obtain a copy of your Personal Data being processed by DPDgroup;
Right to rectification: you may update your Personal Data or ask us to rectify your Personal Data processed by DPDgroup;
Right to object, in particular to prevent direct marketing: you may notify your preference not to receive direct marketing from DPDgroup or ask DPDgroup to stop processing your Personal Data;
Right to erasure: you may ask DPDgroup to delete your Personal Data;
Right to restrict processing: you may ask DPDgroup to suspend the processing of your Personal Data;
Right to data portability: you may ask DPDgroup to retrieve your Personal Data for reuse. 

Whenever you sign up for a service or provide Personal Data, DPDgroup will state the postal and/or email address to which any data subject requests may be sent.All requests must be submitted with proof of your identity. DPDgroup undertakes to respond to your data subject requests without undue delay and in any event, within the times imposed by law.



Has DPDgroup appointed a Data Protection Officer?

The appointment of a Data Protection Officer reflects DPDgroup’s commitment to ensuring the protection, security and confidentiality of Personal Data.Our Data Protection Officer may be contacted at the following address:
GeoPost SA
Data Protection Officer
CP C703
9 rue du Colonel Pierre Avia
75015 ParisFRANCE


