

contact information (such as name, phone and fax number, email address and mailing and service address);  
information used to create your online account and other account-related information (such as username, password, security questions and answers, account number, and any content you choose to store in your account);  
demographic information, such as date of birth, gender and other background information (such as your ethnicity if you inquire about programs applicable to minorities);  
Social Security number, driver’s license number, tax identification number and other government-issued identification numbers;  
payment information, such as name, billing address, bank account information, and payment card details (including payment card number, expiration date and security code), some of which is collected and stored by our third-party payment processor on our behalf;  
information related to your transactions with us, such as your payment history;  
social media handles; and  
other personal information in content you submit to us, such as information you provide to us when you create or modify your online account, contact us through emails or our Digital Services, respond to surveys, use our forums, and complete any registration or self-service transaction forms.  

We may obtain some information about you from third parties. For example, during the Start Service process, Duke Energy supplements the information you provide through our Digital Services with additional data received from third-party sources. We also may supplement your information with additional information we receive from a credit check performed when you apply for certain services. This information helps us to verify, update and correct the information our customers provide to us and enables us to determine if a deposit will be needed to provide you with services.  
 
We also may collect other information about you through our Digital Services in ways for which we provide specific notice or otherwise with your consent.  

Automated Collection of Data  
 
When you interact with our Digital Services or open our emails, we may obtain certain information by automated means, such as browser cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, server logs, and other technologies. A “browser cookie” is a text file that we save on your device when you use our Digital Services. Cookies allow us to uniquely identify users and to store information or settings. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is a clear picture file that allows us and third parties to store information about your interactions with our Digital Services, such as how you use the Digital Services and view our content.  
 
We may use these automated technologies to collect information about your devices, browsing actions, and usage patterns. The information we obtain in this manner may include your device IP address, Internet service provider, identifiers associated with your devices, domain name, device and operating system type and characteristics, web browser characteristics, language preferences, information about your interactions with and preferences on our Digital Services (such as clickstream data), the webpage from which you link to or from our Digital Services, dates and times of access to our Digital Services, and other information about your use of our Digital Services. These technologies help us (1) remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it; (2) track and understand how you use and interact with our Digital Services; (3) tailor our Digital Services around your preferences; (4) measure the usability of our Digital Services; (5) understand the effectiveness of our communications; (6) identify, diagnose and resolve technical issues; and (7) otherwise manage and enhance our Digital Services (and our other products and services) and help ensure they are working properly. 
 
You can manage cookies through your web browser. Most web browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new browser cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new browser cookie and how to disable existing cookies. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser’s menu or by visiting 
 
We also may receive your mobile device’s precise geolocation. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as to assist you with finding a nearby payment location. This information is not stored by us for future use. Your device may provide you with a notification when the Digital Services attempt to collect your precise geolocation. Location services can be turned off within the settings of your mobile device.

The types of personal information we may obtain about you through our Digital Services include:We may obtain some information about you from third parties. For example, during the Start Service process, Duke Energy supplements the information you provide through our Digital Services with additional data received from third-party sources. We also may supplement your information with additional information we receive from a credit check performed when you apply for certain services. This information helps us to verify, update and correct the information our customers provide to us and enables us to determine if a deposit will be needed to provide you with services.We also may collect other information about you through our Digital Services in ways for which we provide specific notice or otherwise with your consent.Automated Collection of DataWhen you interact with our Digital Services or open our emails, we may obtain certain information by automated means, such as browser cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, server logs, and other technologies. A “browser cookie” is a text file that we save on your device when you use our Digital Services. Cookies allow us to uniquely identify users and to store information or settings. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is a clear picture file that allows us and third parties to store information about your interactions with our Digital Services, such as how you use the Digital Services and view our content.We may use these automated technologies to collect information about your devices, browsing actions, and usage patterns. The information we obtain in this manner may include your device IP address, Internet service provider, identifiers associated with your devices, domain name, device and operating system type and characteristics, web browser characteristics, language preferences, information about your interactions with and preferences on our Digital Services (such as clickstream data), the webpage from which you link to or from our Digital Services, dates and times of access to our Digital Services, and other information about your use of our Digital Services. These technologies help us (1) remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it; (2) track and understand how you use and interact with our Digital Services; (3) tailor our Digital Services around your preferences; (4) measure the usability of our Digital Services; (5) understand the effectiveness of our communications; (6) identify, diagnose and resolve technical issues; and (7) otherwise manage and enhance our Digital Services (and our other products and services) and help ensure they are working properly.You can manage cookies through your web browser. Most web browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new browser cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new browser cookie and how to disable existing cookies. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser’s menu or by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org . In addition, your mobile device settings may allow you to prohibit mobile app platforms (such as Apple and Google) from sharing certain information obtained by automated means with mobile app developers and operators such as us. Please note, however, that without cookies and similar technologies we use, you may not be able to take full advantage of all features of our Digital Services. Our Digital Services currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals.We also may receive your mobile device’s precise geolocation. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as to assist you with finding a nearby payment location. This information is not stored by us for future use. Your device may provide you with a notification when the Digital Services attempt to collect your precise geolocation. Location services can be turned off within the settings of your mobile device.