
                  Privacy policy
We aim to be as clear as possible about how and why we use personal information about you.
Here at MaltaPost, as your trusted provider, we are committed to processing your personal information and respecting your privacy in ways that comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, and to being clear about what we do with your personal information. This Policy lets you know what data we may collect about you, how we use it and gives you information about your rights and how you can get in touch with us.
Personal Information that we may collect about you
We may collect personal information which we receive when you:•	use our websites•	use our services•	visit our premises (including our Postal Museum)•	contact us •	engage with us via social media or•	are a recipient of our services . This may include information:
•	which you provide where you
o   complete one of our forms or receipts,o   contract with us or request a service,o   enter information on our websites,o   contact us directly in writing,by phone or via social media , chat or instant messaging;
•	which is recorded on articles sent to you via the services we provide
•	which is recorded when you visit any of our premises.
We may collect the following types of information:
•	your name, address, email address, telephone number(s) and other contact and identification details•	information required to provide you with a service, and details of our services that you have used•	your company's name, your position in the company; the company's address, company's email address and telephone number•	your payment information such as credit or debit card details•	information collected through your use of our websites. Please refer to the Cookies  Policy on each of our websites for more information•	details of any enquiry,complaint or feedback you place with us•	information about the articles sent to you via any of our services •	your information when signing for receipt of a parcel or letter.
Why we collect personal information
We collect your personal information to:
•	provide you with products and services that you may request from us or selected third parties•	provide you with our products and services•	enhance or improve customers' experience of our products,services and our websites•	improve and develop our services•	protect security e.g. to check your identity when you use our services•	prevent and detect fraud against you, us and/or third parties•	meet our legal and regulatory obligations.  If you call any of our customer service telephone numbers, we may record your call. These recordings are used for training and quality control to ensure that we continuously monitor and improve our customer service standards.
How we collect personal information
We collect personal information:•	directly from customers: e.g. when you sign up to receive our services or registers on one of our websites•	from third parties who use our products and services e.g. information recorded on articles sent to you by a third party•	from other MaltaPost companies and subsidiaries e.g. if a customer has indicated that they wish to receive information about the products and services of such entities •	from third parties e.g. when we acquire third party marketing lists or information from other publicly available sources ex. the electoral register; get authorisation for a payment you make or when undertaking an identity check•	when products or services are provided together with a business partner and the information is collected by the business partner in order for us to provide you with the product or service•	when mail and other documentation passes through our network, we may collect information on the outside of letters, parcels and other mail items e.g. contact information that enables us to route items through our network for delivery to the addressee.
Who sees the personal information that we hold?
Customers' personal information may be provided to:
•	MaltaPost companies and subsidiarieso	Details of our businesses can be found here: http://www.maltapost.com/the-company?l=1
•	Selected third partieso   where customers have indicated they wish to receive information about products, services or promotions that may be of interest to themo   where services are provided together with a business partner and it is necessary to disclose the information to them in order to provide the serviceso   for the prevention of fraud and reduction of payment risk against us, third parties and customerso   for the purposes of identity verificationo   to prevent money launderingo   in connection with the prevention and detection of crime
•	in fulfilment of our service obligations with select authorities (e.g. Customs Authorities)
Disclosures of personal information required by law
We may be required to disclose certain personal information because it is required by law or for the purposes of legal proceedings.
Fraud Prevention
If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified, details could be passed to fraud prevention agencies or the relevant AuthoritiesLaw enforcement agencies may access and use this information.We and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering, for example, when:•	Checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities•	Managing credit and credit related accounts or facilities•	Recovering debt•	Checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance•	Checking details of job applicants and employees
Ourselves and other organisations may access and use the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies from other countries.
Please see below for details of how to contact us if you wish to access your personal information that we hold about you.
Transfers of personal information outside MaltaWe may need to transfer personal information about customers to third parties located outside Malta. If we do, we will ensure that information is protected to a level which meets the requirements of Maltese law.
Keeping personal information secureWe are committed to keeping customers' personal information secure, to protect it from being inappropriately or accidentally accessed, used, shared or destroyed, and against it being lost.
How long do we keep personal information?We will only retain customers' personal information for as long as we need it to carry out a particular purpose or meet a particular obligation.
Your Personal Information RightsFor as long as we retain personal data you are entitled to rely on a number of rights. These rights allow you to exercise control over the way in which your personal information is processed. You are entitled to:
o	Access your personal information
We commit ourselves to provide you with any personal information we hold in your regard. Customers with web-based profiles can access the information they provided us when registering for any of our online service by accessing the relevant ‘My Account' section.
o	Keeping your information accurate
We will ensure that personal information is kept accurate and up to date as far as is reasonably possible and feasible. However, we rely on customers to ensure that some of the information we hold about them is accurate and up-to-date. We encourage customers to inform us of any changes to their information (e.g. by updating their account details on our websites).
o	Remove your consentYou can change your mind whenever you give us consent, such as for direct marketing engagement.
o	Restrict and objectYou have the right to restrict and object to the processing of your personal information or use of automated decision-making in doing so.
o	Delete your information (your right to be forgotten)
You may ask us to delete your personal information.
o	Move your information (your right to portability)
Where possible we can share a digital copy of your information directly with you or another organisation indicated by you.A proof of identity is required in order to protect your information when processing such access requests. We might also require sufficient details to be able to locate your information for example, date and details of website access, products or services that you have used etc. An optional application form may be provided to assist us in locating the information you require.
You can exercise the rights outlined above by contacting MaltaPost's Data Protection Office as indicated below.
Marketing
You may allow us to provide you with information about products and services that ourselves, or third parties we would have selected, may consider to be of interest to you.
We will only do this when you would have given consent to receive such information. You agree to receive marketing information:•	from us about our products and services by choosing to opt-in on the relevant registration form of the relevant MaltaPost website or service or through other means of engagement•	from us about third party products and services by choosing to opt-in on the relevant registration form of the relevant MaltaPost website, service or other forms of engagement.
CookiesCookies are text files placed on your computer when you use a website.
We use analytics cookies in order to collect information about how visitors use our site, such as the pages visitors go to most often and where they have come to the site from. This information is collected anonymously and is only used to improve how our websites work. On the other hand, marketing and advertising cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to the user and his/her interests. Such cookies remember that the user has visited our website, and are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as this would help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. It is important to note that this information is not shared.
Links to other websites
Our websites may include links to other sites. We will make every effort to provide links to high quality, reputable sites but are not responsible for their privacy practices, site content, or the services they offer.
How to contact us
Our Data Protection Officer oversees how we collect, use, share and protect your information to ensure your rights are fulfilled. You may contact our Data Protection Office at the details indicated below:
Data Protection OfficeMaltaPost plc305, Triq Hal-Qormi,Marsa MTP1001.Tel : +356 21224421Email : dpo@maltapost.com
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We will keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and will place any updates on this webpage. This Privacy Policy was last updated <14 June 2018>.
 
