
Privacy Statement
The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis respects your  privacy. 
Personal  Information
          We do not collect any personal information like names or  addresses when you visit our website, unless you choose to provide it to us. Any  personal information you choose to provide is voluntary. We do not require you  to provide any information about yourself that you do not wish to share.
Use of  Personal Information You Choose to Provide
          You may choose to provide us with personal information if,  for example, you subscribe to our publications, send us questions via e-mail or  an online form, answer a user survey, register for an event or participate in  our online activities. 
We will use any personal information you provide only for  the purpose for which you provided it. For example:

If you participate in a user survey,  your answers and personal information will only be analyzed in aggregate. The  information will be used to help us tailor our website, publications and  services to our users' needs and to help us understand our audience. If you  provide us with your postal or e-mail address or telephone number, this  information will only be used to:
    

        provide you with the publications or  information requested;
 confirm or clarify your order or request;
 register you for an event; or
 provide you with updates about your requests,  events or information. 


When you fill out our online forms,  they are delivered to a Federal Reserve e -mail address or database. In particular, our “E-mail a Friend” form will  send an e-mail with a link to the selected publication article and any optional  comments you provide. We will use the  e-mail addresses you provide for the sole purpose of sending the article. We  will not use any of the other information you provide on the form.

Non-Personal  Information Collected and Stored Automatically
        In addition to information voluntarily provided by you, we  collect some technical information about our users in aggregate. This  information does not identify who you are. We perform analyses on our web  server's log files to identify, among other things:

our site's most popular pages;
the browsers and operating systems most  often used by our visitors;
the sites and search engines that have  referred visitors to our site; and
the domains from which our users visit  us.

This information is used only to help us understand and  better meet our audience’s needs.
Cookies
          We do selectively use cookies. A cookie is a text file that  a website can send to your browser and which may then be placed on your computer.  Sometimes a third-party contractor will use cookies on one of the sites they  create and manage for us—for example, the Job Search link on our Career Opportunities page. We use a session cookie, which is temporary, to remember if  you switched from the mobile version of our website to the desktop version of  the site, to help your browsing efficiency. We also use limited persistent  cookies to save a user’s selections for a few portions of our website, for  example, the MPD function page in the Banking section. You can set your browser to  notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide  whether to accept it or not. You can also set your browser to not accept  cookies at all. If you do so, however, some areas of some sites (including  ours) may not operate properly.
Disclosure of Information and Retention
        Any information collected on this website, whether  individual or aggregate, is for Federal Reserve use only. We do not rent, sell,  or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated  companies except to provide information you've requested, when we have your  permission, or under the following circumstances:

We retain the services of an outside  contractor to provide portions of our Career Opportunities page. We require  that this contractor take reasonable steps to keep information obtained through  our website secure and confidential, and that it use personal information  obtained through our website only on behalf of the Federal Reserve.


We may be required to disclose your  personal information to government officials or otherwise as required by  subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or other legal obligations and to  establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will also  share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding  illegal activities, suspected fraud, or as otherwise required by law.

We retain information as needed to operate our website and  for fulfilling the uses described above, including providing requested services  to you. We  also retain information as necessary to comply with legal obligations; resolve  disputes; and enforce our agreements. 
Information  Security 
          The security of your personal information is important to  us. We have implemented security measures consistent with our internal  information security practices to help us keep your information secure. However,  no method of transmission over the internet, whether submitted via online form  or e-mail, or method of electronic storage is one hundred percent secure, and  we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your online communications are not encrypted. If your  communication is very sensitive or includes personal information that you do  not wish to send to us electronically, you should send it by postal mail to:
Public Affairs Department -Web
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis
90 Hennepin Avenue
Minneapolis, MN 55401-1804
This website is monitored for security purposes by Federal  Reserve System personnel. Monitoring activities include computer software  programs and other surveillance methods to monitor network traffic. By  accessing this website, you expressly consent to these monitoring activities,  for security purposes.
Children
          Our site is not directed at children under 13 and we do not  knowingly collect personal data from children under 13. Minor children should  always obtain parental consent before releasing personal information to any web  site.
 Links to  External Websites
          This  website links to federal government external websites and to non-federal  external websites.  If you click a link to an external website, such as  Ustream, Twitter, or YouTube or other external sites, you will leave the minneapolisfed.org  site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the  owners/sponsors of the external website. By linking to external sites, the  Minneapolis Fed does not imply endorsement of the site's sponsor.
 Links to Federal Reserve System Websites
As part  of the Federal Reserve System, the Minneapolis Fed also provides links to  information on Federal Reserve Bank websites and other System websites.
 Links to Social Media  Third-Party Websites
The Minneapolis Fed uses  certain third-party social media sites as additional  means of reaching the public and directing people to resources on minneapolisfed.org. The Minneapolis Fed  maintains an official page or presence on Twitter, YouTube, UStream and  Facebook. 
 You can  access the Minneapolis Fed’s official pages on Twitter, YouTube, UStream and  Facebook without having an account or subscribing to services. 
 As noted  above, the Minneapolis Fed’s privacy policy does not apply on these third party  websites and therefore you should familiarize yourself with the privacy  policies of the social media site you use. You may access the privacy policy of  the social media sites used by the Minneapolis Fed at:
 YouTube | YouTube privacy
UStream | UStream privacy
Twitter | Twitter privacy
Facebook | Facebook  privacy
Medium | Medium privacy 
User Access and  Choice
Subject to retention requirements, you can confirm, change,  delete or update personal information you have provided to us through using our Publications  Address Change Form.

Policy Changes

We reserve the right to amend this statement at any time. We  will not provide you with notice of any such amendments. You are responsible  for reviewing this statement from time to time to monitor for any such  amendments.

Questions or comments about the Federal Reserve Bank of  Minneapolis's privacy statement may be directed to our webmaster through our Feedback Form.

