
LEGAL NOTICESMULTIPLE CORPORATE STRUCTURE, MEMBERSHIP AND AFFILIATIONS
The AMERICAN UROLOGICAL ASSOCIATION consists of three Maryland corporations, namely:

the American Urological Association, Inc., a professional association representing its members in health policy and related matters;
the American Urological Association Education and Research, Inc., a separate charitable and educational organization enjoying tax-exempt status; and
the Urology Care Foundation, Inc., a charitable patient education, research and advocacy foundation. Affiliated with AUA corporations are its eight regional Sections. Both of the AUA corporations are membership corporations, while the only members of the Foundation are its 13 physician Directors (same as Directors of the AUA corporations).

PROPRIETARY RIGHTSThe names "American Urological Association, Inc.," "AUA" and the AUA logo are registered trademarks of the American Urological Association, Inc., and may not be used by any other party without express written permission of the American Urological Association, Inc. Likewise, the names and logo of the Foundation are registered and may not be used without permission. All materials posted on this website are subject to copyrights owned by the Urology Care Foundation, Inc., the American Urological Association, Inc., or the American Urological Association Education and Research, Inc., or by other parties and used with permission. These materials may not be reproduced, re-transmitted or hyperlinked without express written permission of the AUA's authorized representative. Any and all schedules, lists of AUA members and similar postings are solely for the use and convenience of AUA members and the public, and may not be downloaded or otherwise employed for any commercial purposes whatsoever.Requests for permission or inquiries should be sent via email.DISCLAIMERS

None of the information posted on this website is intended to convey medical advice, nor to substitute for direct medical consultation with a Board-certified urologist or other qualified medical practitioner, regarding individual health needs.
None of the opinions or recommendations expressed herein by third parties is endorsed or vouched for by the American Urological Association, Inc., by the American Urological Association Education and Research, Inc., or by the Urology Care Foundation, Inc., or other parties. Such comments must be taken solely as the opinions of their authors.
Moreover, none of the products or services mentioned herein, nor referenced by advertisements or hyperlinks, may be taken as endorsed or recommended by the American Urological Association, Inc., or its affiliated entities.
The American Urological Association, Inc., expressly disclaims all liability and legal responsibility for the information contained or referenced in, posted by others in or linked to its website. No warranties may be implied, but all are expressly disclaimed to the full extent permitted by law.
This site makes use of licensed stock photography. All stock photography is for illustrative purposes only and all persons depicted are models.

PRIVACY POLICYEmail Privacy Policy

The Urology Care Foundation seeks to ensure that email promotional announcements are sent only to recipients identifying an interest in the subject matter.
The Urology Care Foundation will take steps to ensure that all email promotional announcements contain a marketing-specific subject line, concise promotional copy, accurate reply instructions, appropriate legal disclaimers and unsubscribe instructions.
The Urology Care Foundation will timely honor all "unsubscribe" requests by properly coding the database.
The Urology Care Foundation will not share, rent or sell email lists to vendors for the purpose of promoting outside products or services, or for any reason whatsoever.

Privacy Policy for UrologyHealth.org and the Urology Care Foundation Corporate Site
We only use information collected on UrologyHealth.org and UrologyCareFoundation.org for reply and/or site improvements, and do not sell this information to third parties. We deploy technology to protect the information you send us.
To help enhance the performance and functionality of the Site, we utilize session, persistent and third-party "cookies" that store a small piece of data on a user's computer and collect certain information about the user's visit to our Site. We also use cookies to understand the user's browsing and buying activities so that we can measure the success of online advertising campaigns we run on the Site. Our Site also uses web beacons (either directly or from our partners), along with cookies, to determine if a user has visited a particular website. These beacons aid in providing more relevant advertising to the user, as well measuring the success of an advertising campaign, but provide no personally identifiable information.
Cookies and Web Beacons -- A "cookie" is a small text file that web servers typically send to a user's computer when they visit a website. Cookies are stored as text files on user's hard drive, and can be accessed by web servers when the user visits a Site or views an advertisement. A session cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user is using the Site, but is deleted once the browser session is finished. A persistent cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user utilizes the Site and stores and uses that information in connection with future visits of the user to the Site. Third-party cookies and/or web beacons are cookies or web beacons provided by our technology and/or advertising partners. Any third-party cookie or web beacon that we authorize for use on the Site only collects that information described below for the same stated purposes as if we were directly collecting the information. For a third-party cookie or web beacon, the third-party will have access to the collected information in order to provide us with information or services to enhance the performance and functionality of the Site.
If a user prefers not to accept cookies, they can set their Internet browser to notify them when they receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being placed on their hard drive. If they consent to our collection of cookies and then subsequently wish to withdraw their consent, they will need to manage the settings on their web browser to delete all cookies and disallow further acceptance of cookies. Please note that disabling cookies on the browser will prevent us from tracking a user's activities in relations to our Site, however, it may also disable some of the functions and features of the Site and the Site may not work properly. If a user does not wish to accept cookies or web beacons in connection with their use of this Site, please discontinue use of the Site. By continuing to use our Site, a user is agreeing to our placing cookies and/or web beacons on their computer in order to analyze the way you use our Site. For UrologyHealth.orgThe Urology Care Foundation has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and protection of users. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: UrologyHealth.org.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart, to help enhance the performance and functionality of the Site and to measure the success of online advertising campaigns we run on the Site. We also use cookies to identify you so you don't have to register each time you visit.Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We also use cookies to identify you so you don't have to register each time you visit.UrologyHealth.org contains areas and forms that require user registration to give us contact information (e.g., name and email address), unique identifiers (e.g., system I.D. number), financial information (e.g., account or credit card numbers) and demographic information (e.g., ZIP code, age or special interest area).Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as I.D. number) are collected to verify the user's identity. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. All data is used only for AUA purposes to serve you better.This site contains links to other sites. UrologyHealth.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.UrologyHealth.org online surveys ask users and members for contact information (such as email address) and demographic information (including ZIP code and age). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our Association. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.SECURITYThis website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.Contacting the WebsiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this website, please contact us via email.

