This Privacy Policy explains how and why NewAge ADS, its affiliate, advertising, and other third-party partners (collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as “we”) collect and use personally identifiable and other information (“User Information”) about you through your use of our website, Wccftech.com, our applications, and other online services (“Services”).
What Information Do We Have
A. Information We Collect Automatically

When you visit one of our Services, we may automatically collect some information about you like IP address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, browser and computer type, access time, the Web page you came from, the URL you go to next, the Web page(s) that you access during your visit and your interaction with content or advertising on the Services. (We will refer to this information as “Usage Data” in this Privacy Policy.)
When you share our articles on social media platforms, we may also receive your Usage Data and User Information that you have shared with the platform.
We also use third-party pixel tags which are small graphic files that let our partners and us get Usage Data about you.
We and our third-party advertising, affiliate, and analytics partners also use cookies to keep a record of the information stated above in your local browser cache. This helps us collect your Usage Data upon a subsequent visit from you and to link your previous activity with any activity you perform in a current and future visits.

B. Information You Provide

When you subscribe to our newsletter, we collect and save your email address.
When you submit a comment, we get your profile information through our partner Disqus.
When you apply for a job through our Careers page or send us a message through our Contact page, we get your name, email, website, and anything about yourself that you choose to submit in the message box.

C. Information We Get From Others



We may get User Information about you from our third-party (advertising, affiliate, and advertising) partners:

When you signup at our affiliate partners to purchase something or participate in a campaign
From our advertising partners about your activity on our website
When you use a third-party partner’s system to log into our website





How Do We Use Your Information



Our third-party advertising partner may use your Usage Data to show you advertisements that may be more related to you.
We use your information in an aggregate, i.e. in a non-personally identifiable, form to identify viewership trends on our website. We also use it to improve the interface and content of our website.
We use your email address to send you a daily email summarising the news we cover.
We use third-party advertising companies who serve ads to help keep content free. For these partners, we put additional restrictions on how your data can be used to prevent it from misuse. For instance, we do not allow these partners to take your information for profiling and personalising ads on other sites. Please review the following for a full list of partners and purposes:

PubGalaxy (Titan Gate AD)
Ziff Davis





How Long Do We Keep Your Information

We keep your email address and submissions through the contact and careers page as long as we are in operation.
We ask our analytics partner, Google Analytics, to remove personally-identifiable information after a period of 36 months after no interaction from you with out website. After that we only keep the information in an aggregate form, without any personal identifier.

How We Share Your Information

We do not sell your information to any third-party
We may share the information we have about you with our third-party (advertising, affiliate, and analytics) partners, including when you connect with third-party apps and widgets, in order to make the functionality or advertisement possible on this website.
We share your email address with a third-party partner to send you our daily newsletter.
We reserve the right, and you hereby expressly authorize us, to share User Information: (1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (2) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property; (3) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding significant abuse of the Services infrastructure or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of information); (4) to protect and defend our legal rights or property, our services or their users, or any other party, and to protect the health and safety of our users or the general public; and (5) to our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us (in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy).

What Are Your Rights

Every email we send you contains an unsubscribe link. You can click it to stop receiving further communication from us.
You can request a permanent deletion of the information you have explicitly provided us through contact or career pages or through our subscribe form by sending an email at deletion-request@wccftech.com
Your Ad Choices. Some of the third party services providers and/or Advertisers may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You may want to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the “opt-out” procedures of NAI members. You can opt-out of our use of your Web site viewing behavior data to serve you interest-based advertising on third-party sites and email newsletters here https://www.aboutads.info/choices/. If you are accessing the Services through an application (i.e., mobile phone or tablet) you can download the AppChoices application from your device’s application store (i.e., Google Play, Apple App Store, and Amazon Store). This DAA application allows participating companies to offer an opt-out of customized advertisements that are based on predictions about your interests generated from your application usage. For more information, visit https://youradchoices.com/appchoices.
Please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads while online or on your device.

Security
We have implemented commercially reasonable security measures to help protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure; unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your User Information, we cannot guarantee its security. You use the Sites and provide us with information at your own initiative and risk.
Links
The Services may contain links to other websites that we do not control, and the Services may contain videos, advertising and other content hosted and served by third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third-party.
Children’s Privacy
The Services are intended for a general audience and are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way in which we treat Personal Information, by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services. We may also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided. Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Information was collected.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@wccftech.com
Definitions
Privacy Policy: This document constitutes our policy regarding your personal, non-personal and usage information.
User Information: Any personal, non-personal, user information, and usage data are called User Information in this Privacy Policy.
Usage Data: IP address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, browser and computer type, access time, the Web page you came from, the URL you go to next, the Web page(s) that you access during your visit and your interaction with content or advertising on the Services
Services: This website, any other distribution channel for the content on this website like our RSS and Atom feeds, our desktop or mobile applications, and any other online services offered by NewAge ADS, LLC.
