Browsing data
During their normal operation, the computer systems and software procedures used to operate this website collect some personal data, the transmission of which is an integral part of Internet communications protocols.
This information is not collected in order to be associated with identified data subjects but, it might allow users to be identified by processing and associating it with data held by third parties.
This category of data includes the IP address or domain of the computer used by visitors connecting to the website, the URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) of requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received as a reply, the numeric code indicating the status of the reply given by the server (successful, error, etc.) and other parameters regarding the user’s operating system and computer environment.
This data is used exclusively to obtain anonymous statistics on website use and to check its proper functioning, and is deleted immediately after processing. The data might also be used to ascertain any liability in cases of alleged computer crimes against the website: without prejudice to this possibility, at present data of contacts from the web are not held from more than seven days..
Data freely provided by the user
Personal data, such as tax data and contact details, including the e-mail address, and any other personal data given to the Data Controller are processed

during the registration to the Versace Websites in the appropriate section, as well as during the compilation of any data collection forms present in these sites
during the request of activation of a Versace service, such as the Newsletter Service
during the sending communications to the same Company through the appropriate section of the Web Sites;
as the information acquired on your consumption habits and on your consumption preferences manifested while browsing the Website, including through cookies, and during the purchase procedures of the Company's products are processed.

Your personal data will be processed by the Company in accordance with the Regulations and national regulations, including any provisions issued by the Supervisory Authority (Guarantor for the protection of personal data), where applicable.
Cookies
About cookies used on Versace Websites, you may consult the cookie policy.
Minimum age
The protection of underage safety and privacy is very important for us. By registering on the Versace Websites in the appropriate section, as well as when filling out any forms for collecting data on these sites or when requesting supply / registration to the Newsletter service, the client confirms that he / she has turned 16 of age or in any case of not being under the age indicated by the legislation of the country of residence which foresees other age limits.
 
