

                        At fantasyfootballfix.com we are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when you visit our site, or communicate with us through electronic formats.


This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms and Conditions of use, explains what happens to any information that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you are using our site.
Our Privacy Policy along with our Terms and Conditions will be updated from time to time, so please ensure you review this Policy on a regular basis.


Our website uses cookies. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.

 What information do we collect? 
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:


(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation.


(b) information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services including Gameweek Live Interactive, Text Message and Email Price Change Alerts, or the Automated Squad Optimiser.


(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us including; Fantasy Football Fix Email Address, Fantasy Football Fix Password, Fantasy Premier League Identification Number (ID), Fantasy Premier League login email address. If you choose to login into fantasyfootballfix.com with your Fantasy Premier League (FPL) Password, this information is not accessable to us or anyone else, and this information is used only for the purpose of uploading your team details directly from the FPL website. You will be asked to reconfirm your FPL Password each time your login to fantasyfootballfix.com, or reupload your Squad, or import your team back into the FPL Site unless cookies within your Browser store these details. You can turn off the Cookies within your browser by adjusting your browser settings.


(d) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletter.


(e) any other information that you choose to send to us.


Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.

 Use of Cookies

A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.


We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.


We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website; keep track of items in your shopping basket; prevent fraud and increase website security. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognise you when you visit and keep track of your preferences in relation to your use of our website.


We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.


Our advertisers / payment services providers may also send you cookies, including but not exclusive to Stripe.


You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our website by visiting fantasyfootballfix.com.


Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer (version 9) you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block All Cookies" using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites including fantasyfootballfix.com.

 Using your personal information 

Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.


We may use your personal information to:


(a) administer the website;


(b) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;


(c) enable your use of the services available on the website;


(d) send you goods purchased via the website, and supply to you services purchased via the website;


(e) send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you;


(f) send you general commercial communications;


(g) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;


(h) send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you, or where you have specifically agreed to this by email or similar technology, and you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications;


(i) provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;


(j) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;


(k) keep the website secure and prevent fraud;


(l) verify compliance with the Terms and Conditions governing the use of the website including monitoring private messages sent through our website private messaging service, and our Disquss message forums.


Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on the website. You can adjust your privacy settings by contacting us at; info@fantasyfootballfix.com


We will not, without your express consent, provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect marketing.


All our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider, Stripe. You can review the Stripe privacy policy at www.stripe.com/gb. We will share information with Stripe only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website, refunding such payments, and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.

 Disclosures 

We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.


We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company, and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.


In addition, we may disclose your personal information:


(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;


(b) in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;


(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk;


(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling;


(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.


Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties. In the event of any of the above, we will seek prior consent from you before disclosing you Fantasy Premier League information, including but not exclusive to your Fantasy Premier League ID or Password.

 Policy amendments 

We may update this privacy policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.


We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.

 Your rights 

You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to:


(a) the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP £15.00); and


(b) the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank, plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).


We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.


You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, by sending an email to us at contact@fantasyfootballfix.com. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.

 Third party websites 

The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites. Please note that fantasyfootballfix.com has no affiliation with Fantasy Premier League (FPL).

 Updating information

Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.

Contact

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to; info@fantasyfootballfix.com, or by post to The Fix Group Ltd, 416 Nottingham One, Canal Street, Nottingham, NG1 7HW.

 Data controller 

The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is; The Fix Group Ltd.






                    

