
1. Copyright and Terms of Use
Your use of the Website means you agree to the following terms of use (the "Terms of Use"). If you do not agree with these terms you should leave the Website immediately, not use the files herein, and/or not subscribe to this service. All of the material on this site, including, but not limited to text, photographs, images, video, audio, and any application, collectively the 'Content', is fully licensed. Subject to all provisions herein, you may make one copy, by either downloading or copying, text, photographs, images, video, and audio contained in this site on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial use only. However, any use of the Website, including the downloading or copying of our materials from this website for your personal use, will indicate that you consent and agree to the terms stated in this notice. No right, title or interest in our material downloaded or copied from the Website is given to you as a result of your use or, downloading or copying, and such downloaded or copied material may not be used for any commercial purpose. Your use of the Content is a license, not a transfer of title to our material. Further such license is subject to the following restrictions: a) you may not reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell, rent, or otherwise exploit this site or any of its contents without our prior written permission; b) you may not post, upload, display or otherwise transmit our materials to any other website, including but not limited to, any personal or commercial websites; and c) you agree to prevent any unauthorized copying of our materials. Other trademarks and service marks appearing in this site are the property of their respective owners.
The owners of the Website do not warrant that the content or functionality of this site is or will be free from errors, interruptions, omissions, defects, viruses, or other damaging elements, or that the owners and/or administrators of the Website will correct any such errors, omissions, or defects. As a user of the Website you assume the cost of service, repairs, or corrections that may be required by your hardware, software, or other equipment. In no event will the owners of the Website or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, licensors, suppliers, or distributors be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, economic, or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the Content, even if the owners of the Website, have been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will the liability of the owners of the Website, or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, licensors, suppliers, or distributors exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing or using this site or purchasing or downloading products from this site. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damage, the above limitations may not apply to you.The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms of Use will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of these Terms of Use. The owners of the Website reserves the right to terminate these Terms of Use without notice if, in their sole discretion, you fail to comply with any of these Terms of Use. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this site, copies, and related documentation thereof. In addition, The owners of the Website reserves the right to terminate this site without notice.
