Privacy Policy for WP Live Chat Support This Privacy Policy covers Code Cabin and brand representative, WP Live Chat Supports’, treatment of information acquired or collected from you, the site visitor or User, reasoning and means of doing so, by Code Cabin, brand representatives, third-party partners or other reasonable means that arise during the course of normal interaction. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to entities outside of Code Cabin and brand representatives, nor to agents, organization extensions or end-users not owned or controlled by Code Cabin, nor persons not controlled nor manage by Code Cabin. Notwithstanding the Privacy Terms above, Code Cabin and brand representatives undertake to maintain your privacy when working with third parties. CodeCabin and WP Live Chat Support is committed to protecting the data you share with us.  This Privacy Policy will further inform you about your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can reach us to update your contact information or get answers to questions you may have about our privacy practices. All terms not defined in this Privacy Policy, can be found in our updated Terms and Conditions. Quickview Collection and UsePersonal Information in terms of this PolicyData Processing in terms of this PolicyConsentInformation Received or Collected Data Submitted on Our WebsiteData submitted via Live ChatData Submitted via Form EntryData submitted upon purchasePersonal Data attached to Subscriber ListsGDPR Implication for Users of the WPLC PluginYour Data Shared and DisclosedStatistical InformationData IntegrityData SecurityCookiesChildrenRights of Data SubjectsTimelinesBreach NotificationsData TransfersAmendments to this PolicyIn a NutshellHow to get in touch with us Collection and Use Personal InformationFor the purposes of this Policy, ‘personal information’ is regarded and relates to personally identifiable information of natural or juristic persons. Natural persons can be identified, whether directly or indirectly, by identification number or factors specific to his/her physical, mental, economical, social or cultural identity, including factors such as name, location or online identifier.  Notwithstanding the exceptions in terms of this Policy, Code Cabin and brand representative, WP Live Chat Support (hereafter WPLC) will not sell, rent or loan any personal information to third parties. Code Cabin and WPLC is committed to protecting the data you share with us.  Data ProcessingCode Cabin and WPLC receive or collect personally identifiable information (“personal information”) from you via interaction in regards to or by way of utilizing Our Product.  By voluntarily providing Code Cabin and brand representatives with personal information, you thereby submit that you are the owner of said information or are otherwise authorized to disclose or provide it to Code Cabin and WPLC. You further submit consent to the collection of such personal information by Code Cabin and WPLC in accordance with our Privacy Policy further set out below. You agree and acknowledge that communication with Code Cabin and WPLC or communication via/in regards to Our Product will result in the transfer of personal data/information, as consented, whether locally or globally, and that Code Cabin and WPLC will process this data in adherence to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation). You further submit and consent to certain personal information being transferred to the servers and databases of Code Cabin and WPLC for storage and processing in terms of this Policy. You submit to understanding that certain jurisdictions in certain countries govern privacy and data security laws in their respective manners, according to which the your personal data may be collected, used, stored and/or disclosed.  ConsentCode Cabin and WPLC relies on your consent for data processing purposes. The GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) defines consent as “…freely given, specific, informed…, a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data…”.Code Cabin and WPLC provides for granular consent processes in each instance where personally identifiable data is processed. Supporting the spirit and aim of data protection proposed by the GDPR, we have not only ensured for consent safeguards in our internal processes, so endeavouring to affect Privacy by Design, but have implemented GDPR compliance tools to assist Users of WPLC in communicating data protection to their site visitors. We have further provided for means by which certain data can be submitted on an anonymous basis, meaning there is no way to track the personal identity of such site visitors.  Information received/collectedSubject to this Policy, in the course of utilizing Our Product or by way of communications with Code Cabin and WPLC, the following information may be collected and/or received per consent by you, the User or website visitor:  – Email address.– Personal information, including name and surname.– Contact information, including email address and social profiles.– Business information, including company profiles, social profiles, websites, company name and address. – Account information, including the use of third party services.– Data, including use and access to Our Product, data transferred using Our Product and information submitted in regards to the use of Our Product.   Data Submitted via Live ChatAs provider of a Live Chat service, WPLC hosts a live chat box on its site (https://wp-livechat.com/). If you, as website visitor, choose to get in touch with our agents via this Live Chat box, you must first consent to your data being processed for support/chat related purposes. Consent is verified by means of a check box and a notice (live chat consent clause) stipulating the data retention period. Based on this consent, WPLC may receive your name and email and information relating to your browser, operating system, type (new or returning visitor), agent ratings, visiting page url and any other personally identifiable information you may provide during the chat process. The latter information is utilized for enhanced support provision and specifically excludes location/IP tracking, so as to further ensure the protection of your personal data privacy. Once this chat data has been processed, it is stored on WPLC’s site database for the period specified in the live chat consent clause but may be requested, rectified or erased on your request, at any time.  Data Submitted via Form EntryAny data submitted to Code Cabin and WPLC by means of our contact form, is reserved for specific product support and query related purposes. If you choose to get in touch with our agents via this form, you must first consent to your data being processed. Consent is verified by means of a check box and a notice stipulating the details of the data controller (Code Cabin and WPLC) and the data retention period. Based on this consent,  Code Cabin and WPLC may receive your name, email address and website url and information relating to the support query. This information is processed and stored on our internal support desk (not a third-party service, thereby providing an additional safety measure) and is retained for as long as reasonably required to act as reference for returning queries. You will be prompted to consent to the retention of you data for a reasonably required period. Only acting support agents of Code Cabin and WPLC will have access to said information, subject to the signing of a confidentiality agreement. Your information may be requested, rectified or erased upon request, at any time. Data submitted upon purchaseFor completion of purchase Users of WPLC are required to submit information such as a name and email address for receipt of Our Product and to create an account via which the purchase of said product is verified. By voluntarily providing us with Account information, the User submits that he is the owner of the information provided or are otherwise authorized to provide it to Code Cabin and WPLC. This information, along with your transaction ID, is kept as reference to your opened account for as long as reasonably required. So as to give effect to the right of access to held information in terms of the GDPR, WPLC provides each purchaser with an individualised “account” area. From here, you may view, download, rectify or erase your data. [Erasure of data comes with a stern warning that this terminates the license held by the User, as this is unchangeably attached to your personally identifiable data]. Code Cabin and WPLC in no way endeavours to make consent a condition of using our service, however, we require consent, as per regulation, to process your personal data and attach purchased licenses to it.  Code Cabin and WPLC further promoted the protection of your data by making use of payment solutions Stripe and PayPal, who also demonstrate compliance with the GDPR and have strict data protection measures in place.  Personal Data attached to Subscriber ListsSuch information is created, inputted, submitted, posted, transmitted, stored or displayed by you.  The collection of this data is on a strictly consensual basis for the purpose of rendering service in relation to Our Product or communicating marketing material. Information communicated may consist of notifications of new releases, updates, versions, changes, upgrades and/or future prospects. Code Cabin and WPLC will only communicate information reasonably relevant to the purpose of list subscriptions or information we reasonably believe will fall in your interest.  Furthermore, our newsletter campaigns will provide you with the needed information required by regulation: why we are emailing you, your previous consent and subscription and a clear option to opt out.  Code Cabin and WPLC will not communicate marketing information to you unless you have duly consented by subscribing to our newsletter lists. Code Cabin and WPLC do not generate automatic lists based on User or site visitors actions and where previously collected in this fashion, subscribers were prompted to re-subscribe and so confirm their consent.  You, as subscriber, may opt out of all subscriptions at any time. GDPR Implication for Users of the WPLC Plugin As WP Live Chat Support not only conducts live chat activities, but is a provider of live chat software, we have implemented various checks and features to assist Users (of the Basic or Paid Version) in ensuring their chat data processing is inline with GDPR regulations. WP Live Chat Support has provided for the addition of chat box consent clauses, data retention settings, a simplified way to export or erase chat data and informed Users of their responsibility towards GDPR compliance. Our quick guide to GDPR compliance can be found here. WP Live Chat Support is the Processor of the live chat data collected by the User by means of allowing chat data to pass through our relay server, even though chat data is stored on the User’s site. WP Live Chat Support is committed to protecting the data of which we are the Processor, as set out in this Privacy Policy above and below. Your Data Shared and DisclosedCode Cabin and WPLC may share your personal data only in exceptional, limited circumstances as listed below:   After you have consented to such action, and:In terms of certain business-related functions, such as functions regarding the maintenance of our databases, processing of payments or otherwise providing necessary software, storage or networking facilities to so effectively operate and manage Our Product. If, in bona fide spirit, it is reasonably necessary to: Satisfy law, regulation, legal provision or process or governmental request, assistance of investigation into the violations of this Policy, including fraud and theft and ultimately the protection of data and information of all Users and site visitors.  In circumstances as mentioned above, Code Cabin and WPLC will ensure that any third party to whom information is necessary to be disclosed, will adhere to the obligations no less protective of the User or site visitors’ information, than this Privacy Policy.   Statistical InformationCode Cabin and WPLC undertake to apply discretion and caution when disclosing information for statistical purposes, so as to guard against disclosing any information by which you can be identified personally by any means whatsoever. Data IntegrityEmployees, agents, officers and end-users within or outside of Code Cabin and WPLC will be given access to information they need to know only. Code Cabin and brand representatives undertake to not disclose personal data where not reasonably necessary or reasoned. Code Cabin and WPLC will take all appropriate legal, organizational and technical measures to protect the personal data of Users, site visitors, employees, agents, officers and end-users within or outside of Code Cabin and brand representatives with access to personal data will be held responsible for any privacy violations in terms of this Policy and, where appropriate, institute terminations of contracts and employment.  Notwithstanding the terms of this Policy set out above, you submits that Code Cabin and WPLC may share public information and anonymized aggregated data when involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of company. You further submits by consenting to our data processing, that Code Cabin and brand representatives may retain personal information in back-ups for a reasonable period of time, even after termination of the relationship between the latter party and the User or site visitor, unless erasure is otherwise requested. Upon request, Code Cabin and WPLC will delete, correct and/or block any personal information from further use and processing, unless restricted by law. All personal information collected and processed is reviewed to ensure that Code Cabin and WPLC only store data needed to provide or improve Our Product. Reasonable steps are taken to ensure that personal information processed is accurate, complete and current. The User submits and has the right to provide Code Cabin and WPLC with relevant information and so update their profiles if and when information changes.  SecurityCode Cabin and brand representatives take reasonable steps to protect personal information from loss, misuse, disclosure, alteration or destruction. However, the Users submits, by using Our Product, that he understands the risks associated with transmitting data.  CookiesOur Products make use of ‘cookies’. ‘Cookies’ are information bits sent by the server and stored on the relevant device/desktop. Before starting a live chat with us, site visitors are prompted to acknowledge and accept the use of cookies for the cuntining of the chat box. User may revoke such consent at any time.  Cookie information employed by WPLC:wplc_name (the name entered in the name input field)wplc_email (the email entered in the email input field)wplc_cid (Cookie that stores the chat ID)wplc_hide (Cookie that hides the chat)wplc_minimize (Cookie that minimizes the chat)wplc_chat_status (Cookie that keeps track of current status of the chat, used to determine if the chat has been initiated or if the user is simply browsing the site)Users who remove the use of ‘cookies’ will not be able to access certain services or products rendered by Code Cabin and WPLC. Code Cabin and brand representatives have no control over third party cookies and is therefore not covered by this Policy. By consenting to the use of Our Product, the User consents to the use of cookies, web beacons and log file information to operate Our Product. ChildrenChildren under the age of 18 are not to submit any personal information through or in relation to our service. Parents and guardians are called upon to help enforce this policy. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. Rights of Data SubjectsIf you decide, at any time, that you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from Code Cabin and WPLC, please visit our opt out page. You may also email us by sending your request to [email protected] Please note, however, that even after you opt out from receiving marketing material, you may continue to receive essential product information.

Code Cabin and WPLC recognizes your right to request access and receive information about the Personal Information we hold, to update and rectify incomplete or inaccurate information, to restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Data, to have the information blocked, anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or to exercise your right to data portability to transfer your Personal Data to another company. Furthermore, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority subject to applicable law.

To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, delete your account or submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us at [email protected] or submit a request here.  TimelinesCode Cabin and WPLC have ensured that certain processes are in place to meet a request of access, rectification, objection, erasure and opt-out is processed without undue delay and within the period of one (1) month.  Breach NotificationsCode Cabin and brand representatives will notify the relevant Users of any data breached within 72 hours of discovery and without undue delay.  Data TransfersCode Cabin and WPLC’s registered address is in Newark, Delaware. Personal Information that we collect may be transferred to, and stored at, any of our affiliates, partners or service providers which may be inside or outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By submitting your personal data, you agree to such transfers. Your Personal Information may be transferred to countries that do not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer or disclose your Personal Information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy. Amendments to this PolicyCode Cabin and brand representatives reserve the right to amend any of the above Policy, as and when needed so. The User submits to update his knowledge of our Privacy Policy on a regular basis and so abide by them. Our failure to enforce, at any time, any provision of these Terms does not constitute a waiver of that provision or of any other provision of the Policy.Should any provision/s in this Policy be held as invalid by a court of law, such provision/s shall be modified and thereafter interpreted so as to best accomplish the initial, now replaced provision to the fullest extent permitted by law; the remaining provisions shall remain unaffected.  In a Nutshell – TL;DRCode Cabin and WP Live Chat Support is committed to protecting the data you share with us. Code Cabin and brand representatives rely on the consent of Users and site visitors, or users who otherwise get in touch with us for product related queries, for data processing purposes. We have granular consent processes in place for every instance and separate purpose of data processing. We have provided for means by which we assist Users of WP Live Chat Support in ensuring their live chat practices are GDPR compliant. Information/data held by WP Live Chat Support may be request, rectified or erased at any time. WP Live Chat Support will only send you marketing material upon your consent, which may be withdrawn at any time.WP Live Chat Support takes reasonables measure to ensure the integrity and security of your data. Code Cabin and WP Live Chat Support acknowledges the right of our Users and site visitors in terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The retention and sharing of your personal information is regulated in terms of the GDPR.Our quick guide to GDPR compliance can be found here. How to get in touch with usCode CabinNewark, Delaware[email protected] This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 25, 2018. 

