We built Zamzar to make it easy to convert your files to different formats, not to sell your information on to third parties. That's
       why we follow the simple rules outlined below. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service at any time.
       If we make changes, we will indicate at the top of this page the policy's modification date. We encourage you to refer to this policy
       on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.  By using and continuing to use our Web site, you consent to the 
       collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please 
       do not use Zamzar's services or provide your personal details to us.
    Zamzar is registered in England as a limited company (number 6463494).This policy is effective from 1st September 2006This policy was last modified on 8th September 2014Data Protection
        Zamzar is registered with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) in the 
        Register of Data Controllers as required
        by the UK's 1998 Data Protection Act. The entry in the register is available for public inspection to help ensure transparency and openness
        in the processing of your data.
Logging IP Addresses
        For each visitor to our Web page, IP addresses are logged and used by Zamzar for measuring usage. 
        
Collecting e-mail Addresses
        We collect the e-mail addresses of file recipients for the purpose of logging and measuring usage.
        Zamzar does not rent, sell, or share your personal information or email address with any other companies. 
        
Certain Exceptional Disclosures
        We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights or if the information relates to actual or threatened
        harmful conduct or potential threats to the physical safety of any person. Disclosure may be required by law or if we receive legal
        process. 
        
Use of Cookies
        We may also store information about you using cookies (files sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we can access when
        you visit our site in future. We do this to track patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site and to store the preferences of users.
        In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may also place or recognize cookies on your browser.
Please note: By clicking the "Convert" button (on Zamzar's homepage or URL page) you are explicitly agreeing to Zamzar's terms of service
	   which includes giving us permission to store such cookies.
Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. Please note
	that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why:
	
Third Party Advertising
        We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not
        including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide
        advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.  
        To learn more about behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
        
User Files
        Your files and the content of those files belong to you, so it is important to know that as part of our commitment to privacy we will not
        share, sell or pass on your files to any third parties. The only time any of our team members will handle your files is in the event of a support
        enquiry, or if a conversion fails and requires further investigation or in the circumstances outlined above in the "Certain Exceptional Disclosures"
        section.
        
Storage of User Files
        When users upload files to be converted Zamzar stores those files on its servers until such time as those files have been converted to
        the new file format. As soon as this has been done Zamzar removes the original user files from its servers. The converted files remain
        in place on the servers for users to download, until such time as they expire, at which point they are deleted, or in the case of a
        subscribed user until such time as that user deletes those files. Files stored for download are only accessible by Zamzar and through
        the clickable link generated for download.
        
Transfer and sharing of data
        In the course of providing the Services data is transferred to and from servers located in the United States. By agreeing to Zamzar's 
	Terms of Service you accept the transfer of such data as is necessary to provide the Services. In the case of those customers paying for 
	Services those customers also agree to the transfer of such data as is necessary to process payment with third party payment providers 
	such as PayPal.  PayPal has access to the personal data they require to perform their functions but may not use personal data for any 
	other purposes and they must process personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.  PayPal offers a secure environment 
	for online card payments.  In addition, your card details may be shared with any third parties as is necessary to process your 
	transaction, for example, financial institutions necessary to authorise and clear your card payment.
        
