Katusa Research Privacy Policy 
Note that we take your privacy very seriously. Here are the steps we take to protect your privacy and security at www.katusaresearch.com  
Information That We Collect 
When you subscribe to our products and services, you disclose and we collect certain personal information from you, such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number or fax number, username, password, credit card number, and other information described in this Privacy Policy (“Personal Information”). We also automatically collect anonymous tracking information about you to gauge response to our communication efforts and the popularity of specific areas of our Sites. 
E-mail  
When you subscribe, your e-mail address is placed in a secured database and used to send your issues and special notices from the service or publication you subscribed to. We will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. We will not sell, rent, or otherwise share your e-mail address with anyone. For security reasons, if your inquiry is about one of your subscriptions, we may ask you to submit some additional information only to verify your identity. Remember, in this case we are only asking you to confirm information you have already given us. 
You can remove your address from our e-mailing list by following the instructions at the end of every e-mail we send. 
Any e-mail you send us is completely confidential. We will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. For security reasons, if your inquiry is about one of your subscriptions, we may ask you to submit some additional information only to verify your identity. Remember, in this case we are only asking you to confirm information you have already given us.  
Personal Information 
We will never ask you for personal information – your credit card number, for example – except when you place an order. At that time, we will provide a secure (SSL, encrypted) connection and require you to submit only the information needed to complete and fulfill your order. Only our authorized employees will have access to this information. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone, nor share it in any other way, unless required to by a law enforcement agency that takes the proper steps to require it.  
Our Use of Your Personal Information. 
We will use your Personal Information to process your subscription or requests for information. We may also use such Personal Information to offer additional information to you about us, our products and/or services, personalize the types of information you receive from us, evaluate how our Sites are being used and the audience our Sites are reaching, identify market trends and market interests that help us improve the products and services that we offer, and develop and improve the content and operation of our Sites to better serve the needs of our customers. 
Online Orders. 
 When you purchase a subscription from us, we will request certain Personal Information, including credit card information. Individuals who do not have a Visa, MasterCard, or American Express credit card are not permitted to make purchases with us online. 
Sharing Information with Other Companies. 
 We may share your Personal Information (but never your credit card or password information) with our affiliates or with third parties who provide services to us and agree to keep your Personal Information confidential. 
Mailing and Email Addresses. 
 We will use your mailing and email addresses to send you the publications you have subscribed to. We may also contact you with questions about your subscription or service, or to remind you of your password, if necessary. If you submit an inquiry via email about one of your subscriptions, for security reasons we may ask you to provide additional information so we can verify your identity.
Cookies 
Cookies are small files placed on your computer by a web page when you visit it. They can be used to store all sorts of useful information to make your next visit easier and more convenient, but some people are uncomfortable not knowing what information is in a cookie. 
Our Sites use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer’s hard drive by an Internet server when you visit a website. We use cookies to allow authentication for access to subscriber-only areas of our Sites and to assure that the content you view is appropriate to your subscription status. Cookies also allow you to leave our Sites and come back without having to re-enter your username and password every time (within a limited time period). If you do not want to accept cookies from our Sites, you may configure your web browser so that it does not accept cookies; however, certain functions available on the website may be lost. 
Submitting Data 
At no time are you required to submit personal information to access any area of www.katusaresearch.com (Visitors who want to become paid subscribers are asked to submit an email and password to visit Members sections of the site. This is to ensure you can receive the services you are paying for.) 
Ordering Online and Security 
Any data you submit to us through an online order form is transferred to us via a Secure Sockets Layer – an encryption protocol – and is kept in databases that cannot be accessed from outside our firewall. 
Although we take the security of your Personal Information very seriously and are constantly improving our efforts to protect it, no electronic communication over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secured. Though we take great care to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you submit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Sites. 
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. 
If at any time you wish to be removed from our mailing list you may do so by clicking the unsubscribe link within the email.  
Changes to Privacy Policy. 
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your Personal Information, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy. You should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices.  
Please note that you are responsible for updating your personal information with us, including any changes to your email address. In the event that the last email address you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our sending of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. 
Copyright and Disclaimer 
All contents of this website are copyright 2016 by Katusa Research and New Era Publishing Inc.. All rights reserved: Reproducing any part of of paid publications is prohibited without the express written consent of Katusa Research and/or New Era Publishing Inc. You may share the essays on social feeds without the express written consent of Katusa Research as long as there is credit to the author of the article and a link to www.katusaresearch.com
DISCLAIMER: This work is based on SEC and SEDAR filings, current events, interviews, corporate press releases, and what we’ve learned as financial journalists. It may contain errors, and you shouldn’t make any investment decision based solely on what you read here. It’s your money and your responsibility.  
 
Contact Information
Katusa Research:
 530 – 800 West Pender Street
 Vancouver, British Columbia,
 Canada  V6C 2V6
 
Customer Service
Phone: 778-737-7381
 Email: katusa@katusaresearch.com
 Office hours are Monday to Friday 8am to 4pm Pacific Time excluding stat holiday
 
