Katusa Research Privacy Policy
Note that we take your privacy very seriously. Here are the steps we take to protect your privacy and security at www.katusaresearch.com
Last Updated: May 18, 2018
Information That We Collect
When you subscribe to our products and services, you disclose and we collect certain personal information from you, such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number or fax number, username, password, credit card number, and other information described in this Privacy Policy (“Personal Information”). We also automatically collect anonymous tracking information about you to gauge response to our communication efforts and the popularity of specific areas of our Sites.
E-mail 
When you subscribe, your e-mail address is placed in a secured database and used to send your issues, special notices from the service or publication you subscribed to. We will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. We will not sell, rent, or otherwise share your e-mail address with anyone. For security reasons, if your inquiry is about one of your subscriptions, we may ask you to submit some additional information only to verify your identity. Remember, in this case we are only asking you to confirm information you have already given us.
You can remove your address from our e-mailing list by following the instructions at the end of every e-mail we send.
Any e-mail you send us is completely confidential. We will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. For security reasons, if your inquiry is about one of your subscriptions, we may ask you to submit some additional information only to verify your identity. Remember, in this case we are only asking you to confirm information you have already given us.
If you do not want to receive email from us regarding our Services, please click the “unsubscribe” link which is included at the bottom of any email you receive from us. However, in order to fulfill our service obligations to you, we will continue to send you emails regarding your account administration, as well as any necessary information, such as renewal notices and instructions. By providing us with your email address you consent to receiving communications from us electronically and all notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Testimonials and Questions from Customers: 
From time to time we may include customers’ questions (or a summary) and our answers to those questions that we think may have interest or applicability to others. We will not disclose the customer’s full name but may use an abbreviated form, such as “James G.”  Please note that Katusa Research is a financial publisher and therefore will not provide any responses that offer individual, personalized investment-related advice to subscribers, prospective subscribers or any other type of user. In addition, we may post customer testimonials on the Websites, in newsletters, or in other formats. Again, we will not disclose the customer’s full name but may use an abbreviated form as described above.
Agents and Service Providers
We engage other companies, individuals and affiliates of Katusa Research to perform certain functions and/or services for our customers. Examples may include processing credit card payments, providing marketing assistance and removing repetitive information from customer lists. Your contact and financial information may either be collected by or shared with such third parties as necessary to fulfill these functions and services, and in some cases, your information may be retained or used by such third parties to fulfill these functions and services. We contract with service providers to provide us with data collection and reporting services. When you visit our Websites, those service providers may collect information on our behalf about you in order to provide us with aggregated data about our customers and to assist us in conducting our business and delivering relevant services to our customers. If you would like to opt-out of the gathering of such information, you can disable your cookies that assist in the gathering of that data, but please note that certain services and functions of our Websites may not function correctly without cookies.
Third-Party Services and Websites
This Privacy Policy does not address, and Katusa Research has no control over or responsibility for, the privacy policies or information gathering practices of any third party operating any website or providing any product or service, including those to which we may link and those which may link to us. The inclusion of a link on our Websites or Services does not imply endorsement of the linked website or service by us. We strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of every online service you use before submitting any personal information and direct any concerns to the site administrator of that website.
In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Google, Microsoft, or any other app developer; app, social media platform, operating system or wireless service provider; or device manufacturer, including with respect to any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with any of our software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices.
Personal Information
We will never ask you for personal information – your credit card number, for example – except when you place an order. At that time, we will provide a secure (SSL, encrypted) connection and require you to submit only the information needed to complete and fulfill your order. Only our authorized employees will have access to this information. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone, nor share it in any other way, unless required to by a law enforcement agency that takes the proper steps to require it.
Our Use of Your Personal Information.
We will use your Personal Information to process your subscription or requests for information. We may also use such Personal Information to offer additional information to you about us, our products and/or services, personalize the types of information you receive from us, evaluate how our Sites are being used and the audience our Sites are reaching, identify market trends and market interests that help us improve the products and services that we offer, and develop and improve the content and operation of our Sites to better serve the needs of our customers.
Online Orders.
When you purchase a subscription from us, we will request certain Personal Information, including credit card information. Individuals who do not have a Visa, MasterCard, or American Express credit card are not permitted to make purchases with us online.
Sharing Information with Other Companies.
We may share your Personal Information (but never your credit card or password information) with our affiliates or with third parties who provide services to us and agree to keep your Personal Information confidential.
Mailing and Email Addresses.
We will use your mailing and email addresses to send you the publications you have subscribed to. We may also contact you with questions about your subscription or service, or to remind you of your password, if necessary. If you submit an inquiry via email about one of your subscriptions, for security reasons we may ask you to provide additional information so we can verify your identity.
Cookies
Cookies are small files placed on your computer by a web page when you visit it. They can be used to store all sorts of useful information to make your next visit easier and more convenient, but some people are uncomfortable not knowing what information is in a cookie.
Our Sites use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer’s hard drive by an Internet server when you visit a website. We use cookies to allow authentication for access to subscriber-only areas of our Sites and to assure that the content you view is appropriate to your subscription status. Cookies also allow you to leave our Sites and come back without having to re-enter your username and password every time (within a limited time period). If you do not want to accept cookies from our Sites, you may configure your web browser so that it does not accept cookies; however, certain functions available on the website may be lost.
Web Beacons: The Websites may contain electronic images (called a “single-pixel GIF” or a “web beacon”) that allow a website to track the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. No personally identifiable information will be transmitted via web beacons.
Submitting Data
At no time are you required to submit personal information to access any area of www.katusaresearch.com (Visitors who want to become paid subscribers are asked to submit an email and password to visit Members sections of the site. This is to ensure you can receive the services you are paying for.)
Ordering Online and Security
Any data you submit to us through an online order form is transferred to us via a Secure Sockets Layer – an encryption protocol – and is kept in databases that cannot be accessed from outside our firewall.
Although we take the security of your Personal Information very seriously and are constantly improving our efforts to protect it, no electronic communication over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secured. Though we take great care to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you submit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Sites.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
If at any time you wish to be removed from our mailing list you may do so by clicking the unsubscribe link within the email.
Financial Information
We collect and retain certain financial information from you, such as when you order our Services. For example, when you sign up for a Service that requires a paid subscription, we require you to provide a form of payment and certain information such as a credit card number and billing address before we will process that application. We will not sell, share or rent any financial information collected from you except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy or as necessary to fulfill any order for our Services, or as indicated separately at the point of collection of that information.
Demographic Information
We may collect and store demographic information (such as your zip code, income, gender and age) and use this data to tailor your experience on our Websites, provide content that we think you might be interested in, perform general improvements to the Websites, and display the content according to your preferences. We may also anonymize this demographic data. Such demographic information may be shared with partners, market researchers and other third parties on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis. No personally identifiable information will be linked to such aggregated demographic information that is shared with third parties.
Other Information
We collect and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, our servers track the type of web browser you are using and the page from which you link. Additionally, we log IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the Websites. We may track your movement within the Websites, the third-party website pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. We use this information to gauge the effectiveness of our Services, track information for statistical purposes and to improve our Services. We may use such information for marketing purposes, and to provide you with information we believe might be of interest to you. In addition, such information may be shared with partners, market researchers and other third parties on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis. No personally identifiable information will be linked to such aggregated information that is shared with third parties. We may supplement the information you provide us by acquiring publicly or commercially available information as is available in the public domain or from third parties, such as data brokers, business partners, payment and delivery services, and advertising networks, for instance, to verify your address, add a telephone number, or to update your information and to create a profile of your preferences. We tie your personally identifiable information to information in the profile, in order to improve the content of the Websites for you or to inform you about Services that we think may be of interest to you. From time to time, we may also ask you to participate in surveys or other communications conducted by us or third parties designed to help us improve the Websites or the Services we provide.
Use of Services by Minors
The Services and the Websites are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13). Katusa Research does not knowingly collect personal information from such individuals and we request that they not provide personal information through the Services or the Websites. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please email Customer Support (any such request must include “Privacy Policy” in the subject line) or call 778-737-7381 between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. PST.
Changes to Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your Personal Information, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy. You should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices.
Please note that you are responsible for updating your personal information with us, including any changes to your email address. In the event that the last email address you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our sending of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
Copyright and Disclaimer
All contents of this website are copyright 2018 by Katusa Research and New Era Publishing Inc. All rights reserved: Reproducing any part of this document is prohibited without the express written consent of Katusa Research and/or New Era Publishing Inc.
DISCLAIMER: This work is based on SEC and SEDAR filings, current events, interviews, corporate press releases, and what we’ve learned as financial journalists. It may contain errors, and you shouldn’t make any investment decision based solely on what you read here. It’s your money and your responsibility.
 
Contact Information
Katusa Research:
530 – 800 West Pender Street
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
V6C 2V6
 
Customer Service 
Phone Number: 778-737-7381
Email
Office hours are Monday to Friday 8am to 4pm Pacific Time excluding stat holidays
