

            Aircraft 


                Airline 


                Country / Airport 


                Photographer / Group 


                Category 


                Keywords 






                        Photo year 



                     
                    
                
Multi-select search

            If you are looking for photos of a specific aircraft type, use this menu.Please note that, due to space constraints, this menu includes only some of the more requested aircraft in our database.
            If the aircraft you're searching for is not in this list, use the 'Keywords' field further down in the search menus.
        

            Some menu selections include a generic aircraft model, as well as more specific variants of that airliner.
            These variants are denoted by a - before the aircraft name.
        

            Selecting 'Boeing 747,' for example, will show results featuring all Boeing 747 jetliners in our database, while selecting '- Boeing 747-200' will show all Boeing 747-200 variants in our database (Boeing 747-200, Boeing 747-212B, Boeing 747-283F, etc.)
        

            If you are looking for photos of a specific airline, use this menu.
        

            Please note that, due to space constraints, this menu includes only airlines of which 10 or more photos exist in our database.
            If the airline you're searching for is not in this list, use the 'Keywords' field further down in the search menu.
        

            Airlines are listed in alphabetical order.
        

            If you are looking for photos taken in a specific country, or at a specific airport, use this menu.
        

            All countries represented in our database are included in this selection menu, which is updated automatically as the database grows.
            There must be at least 20 photos from a specific airport in the database before that airport is added to this list.
        

            Use this option to include only photos taken by a specific photographer in your search.
        

            This pulldown menu, in addition to each photographer available as a search limiter, also shows the number of photos currently in the database for each specific photographer, enclosed in brackets.
            For example, an option of:- Paul Jones [550].. indicates that there are 550 total photos taken by Paul Jones currently in the database.
        

            Note: The total number of photos, enclosed in brackets, is updated four (4) times hourly, and may be slightly inaccurate.
        

            Photographers must have 100 or more photos in the database before their name is included in this selection menu..The 'All Photographers' selection is the default selection for this option.
        

            If you are looking for a specific category of photo, use this menu.
        

            You may select to display only photos from certain categories, such as Special Paintschemes, Flight Deck photos, etc. New categories are constantly being added to this list.
        

            The 'Keywords' field is perhaps the most useful field included in our search engine.Using this field, you may search for any word, term, or combinations of terms in our database.Every photo field is covered by the Keywords search routine.
        

            The Keywords field is ideal for searching for such specifics as aircraft registrations, photographers' names, specific airport/city names, specific paintschemes (i.e. 'Wunala Dreaming'), etc.To use the Keywords field, begin by selecting a Keyworld search field. You may select either a specific database field (airline, aircraft, etc.), or choose to match your keyword to all database fields.
        

            Next, select a Keyword limiter. There are three options from which to choose:- is exactly- starts with- containsSelect the appropriate limiter for your search, then enter the keyword(s) you wish to search in the box on the right.
        

            The Keywords search field is not case-sensitive.
        

            Use this option to include only photos taken in a specific year in your search.
        

            This pulldown menu, in addition to each year available as a search limiter, also shows the number of photos currently in the database for each specific year, enclosed in brackets. For example, an option of:- 2003 [55000].. indicates that there are 55,000 total photos taken in the year 2003 currently in the database.*Note: The total number of photos, enclosed in brackets, is updated four (4) times hourly, and may be slightly inaccurate.
        

            Additionally, decade ranges (1990-1999, etc.) are available as selections in this menu. Selecting a decade range will show all photos matching your other search criteria from the selected decade.The 'All Years' selection is the default selection for this option.
        
