

Privacy policy
Our users' privacy is a top priority at JetPhotos. Thus, we have developed this privacy statement, which outlines in detail the privacy policies of our site.

                                    The JetPhotos Website and the Apps are provided by Flightradar24 AB (hereinafter "JetPhotos", "we", "us", or "our"), registration no. 556895-1213, having its registered address at Brunnsgatan 13, 111 38 Stockholm, Sweden. Your privacy is important to us. Under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) and the Swedish Data Protection Act 2018:218, we will be liable for the processing of personal data where we decide the purposes and the means of the processing. Personal data is information which is directly or indirectly referable to a natural living person, e.g. name and address but also possibly location data or IP addresses. We may collect the information set out below, which includes your personal data.
This document contains a policy statement regarding the collection, use and processing of personal data, with whom we may share such data and your rights in relation to personal data. It further contains our cookie policy.
                                    Using our Services may require that you register a user account as set forth in the Terms of Service, and provide certain personal data. When you use the Services, we will process personal data for various purposes.
                                


Registration and content data
When creating a user account on the Website, you are required to provide the following information:
Displayed name, email address and password. 
We also process the content you provide, including posts, communications with other users as well as photos that you choose to share.


Usage information
When you use the Services, certain information will be collected automatically, including (i) information about your use of the Services; (ii) content that you post, upload and/or contribute to the Services; (iii) technical data, which may include the URL you are accessing the Site from, your IP address, unique device ID, network and computer performance, browser type, language and identifying information and operating system. We do not use this information to track you.


Purposes of processing
We will process the information set out above for the following purposes:

to administer your account, to enable and provide the Services and integration with third party services, and to provide, personalize and improve your experience with the Services, and to otherwise provide the Services according to the Terms of Service;
to send you alerts or messages by email or otherwise, including to provide you with marketing of products and services and to inform you about updates of the Services or the user terms,
to improve and develop the Services or new services and products and to analyze your use of the Services,
to ensure the technical functioning of the Services and to prevent use of the Services in breach of the user terms,
to enforce the user terms, including to protect our rights, property and safety and the rights, property and safety of third parties if necessary and
to fulfil requirements by law



Legal basis
By clicking the "Sign Up" button in the account set up, or similar, you agree to adhere to our Terms of Service and enter into an agreement with us and to receive direct marketing from us or third parties, e.g. by email or otherwise. You have the right to refuse your personal data being used for direct marketing. Please note however, that if you are using any of our Services which are subject to this Privacy Policy, you may not be able to continue using certain services if you do not provide us with the personal data.
Where you have registered for the Services, certain personal data will be processed for the fulfilment of such agreement with you and you acknowledge that the processing of such personal data is regulated in said agreement. We may also base some of our processing on our legitimate interest, where our interest is to maintain and develop our Services.
Certain processing is also based on your consent. This is the case where we share your data with other users of the Service and where we collect data through your Third Party Service Account. You can withdraw your consent at any time by adjusting your privacy preferences in our app and website setting menus. 


Disclosure of personal data
Since JetPhotos is a sharing platform, please be aware that all photos that you share on the JetPhotos website are viewable by anyone who has internet access. When you create a profile on JetPhotos, your profile information will also be public, and you have the option to limit the amount of information you include in your public profile, e.g. information about location or occupation are not mandatory in order to create a profile.  Furthermore, you have the option to choose to share your photos with FlightRadar24.
We may also disclose anonymous information to our partners and suppliers for the above stated purposes within and outside the EU/EEA. When doing so, we will take necessary actions to secure the transfer of such data outside the EU/EEA by using a security mechanism in line with the applicable data protection laws.
Please be mindful that JetPhotos cannot control the actions of other users or other persons who use the Services. Therefore, JetPhotos cannot and do not guarantee that your account will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. The security of your personal data also depends on your protection of your user account. Please use a unique and strong password and keep your login credentials secret. Also, be sure to log out after having used our services from a shared computer. JetPhotos is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained in the Services by any party.


Right to request information and correction of data
You, being the person whose personal data is being processed, are entitled by law to once per calendar year, free of charge, upon written request receive information regarding the personal data which is processed. You also have the right to request rectification, erasure, portability or blocking of any personal data and to object to the processing of personal data. If you would like to exercise any such rights, please write to us at the address set out above, stating your full name and, if applicable, your address, user name and the email address used for registration. Please note that the request to receive information of the processing of your personal data shall be duly signed by you.
You may also lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you think that our processing of your personal data infringes applicable law. You can find the contact details to all EU Supervisory Authorities here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm


Retention
We will keep your data for the duration of the period you have an account on JetPhotos. If you wish to delete your JetPhotos account, please send a request to [email protected].
We keep aggregated analytics data for as long as it is necessary to analyse and improve our Services.


Cookies
A cookie is a very small file or piece of data sent from a website and stored in the memory of a user's web browser, mobile phone, or other device while the user is browsing a website. A cookie can help the website provider to recognize your device the next time you visit that website, provide you with access to certain functions on the website and/or register your surf patterns. When you visit the Site, it may leave a Cookie in the memory of your web browser. Most major internet sites use them and they make your internet-surfing more useful and less time-consuming for you because they store information that may be reused each time you visit the site, such as passwords and your preferences, including information you have chosen to share with the site.
Cookies cannot access and read the files on your hard drive and cannot be used as a virus. The purpose of using Cookies is to provide information and products that are more meaningful to you without asking you the same questions every time you visit the Site. You may get Cookies from our advertisers, and it should be noted that we cannot pre-screen Cookies which come directly to you from other computers. There are other technologies such as pixel tags, web bugs, web storage and other similar files and technologies that may carry the same functions as cookies. In this Privacy Policy, we use the term "Cookies" for cookies and all such similar technologies.
We hope you will want the better service that Cookies allow, but if you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse Cookies or to inform you every time a website requests permission to store a Cookie. Previously stored Cookies can also be deleted via the web browser. However, if you do that, some parts of this site and other sites may not work as well.
The Cookies used may be session Cookies, which disappear when you shut down your web browser as well as persistent Cookies, which are saved on your computer. We may use the following Cookies for the purposes set out below:

Functional Cookies: We may use functional Cookies to operate certain functions of the Service in accordance with your choices, meaning that when you continue to use or come back to the Site, the site will be provided as you have previously requested, e.g. remembering your username and customization the Service.
Analytics Cookies: We may use analytics Cookies to analyze how the Site and Service is accessed, used or is performing. We use the information to maintain, operate and improve the Service.
Third party Cookies: We may allow our partners to use Cookies on the Site for the same purposes identified above. We may also use service providers acting on our behalf to use Cookies for the purposes identified above.

These are the coookies we use:


Name
Purpose
Third party



AWSALB
Used by our load balancer provider to route you to the same server for perfomance purposes.
Yes


JPSESSID
This cookie assigns a unique ID to your session to connect it to the server and for other internal processes required throughout the course of the session.
No


__cfduid
Used to speed up page load times. According to CloudFlare it is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from. It does not contain any user identification information.
Yes


_ga
Used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.
Yes


_gat
Used to throttle the request rate - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes.
Yes


_gid
Used by Google Analytics to distinguish users.
Yes


cookieconsent_dismissed
Used to store information about a user's cookie consent
No


logincookie
Used for the 'Remember me' option upon login to keep the user logged in.
No




                                    Most web browsers allow you to manage your Cookie preferences. You can set your browser to refuse Cookies or delete certain Cookies. In general, you should also be able to manage similar technologies by using your browser’s preference
                                    es.
                                    Please note that if you choose to block Cookies, the functionality of the Services may be affected.
More information about the use of Cookies and how to block them can be found on www.cookies.org, www.allaboutcookies.org, www.youronlinechoices.eu. If you have any questions or comments about our use of Cookies, please contact us at: [email protected].


Social Plug-ins
When you encounter an implemented social plug-in (e.g. "like" button) from a third party, such as Facebook, Twitter or Google, while using our Service, your browser or App, as applicable, will establish a direct link to that third party ("Social Plug-in") and will then transmit the following data to the Social Plug-in directly:

date and time of your visit;
the Internet address/URL of the site that you are currently visiting;
your IP address;
your browser;
your operating system;
your user code if you are a registered user of Social Plug-in and if applicable your surname and first name; and
if you click on the plug-in, of course the information that you have used this specific plug-in. 

We explicitly make reference to the fact that we ourselves do not have any influence on the scope of the data which Social Plug-in collects with the help of the plug-in and that with regard to data protection we have to rely on the data usage guideline of Social Plug-in. Please inform yourself further on Social Plug-in specifically about the purpose and scope of the data collection and your rights in this regard and the setting options to protect your privacy using the data usage guidelines.
                                However, it is of course possible to prevent the placing of cookies by settings in your browser. In addition, it is also possible to block the social plug-ins of Social Plug-in with add-ons for your browser.


Notice of changes
If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by publication on Privacy Policy. If the changes are material, we will provide you additional, prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances and, where required under applicable law, ask for your consent.


Contact details
If you have questions or complaints regarding our processing of personal data, please feel free to contact us at:
                                    [email protected]



