
In compliance with the legal requirements for Personal Data Protection 15/1999 of 13 December, the CLÍNICA UNIVERSIDAD DE NAVARRA (hereafter CUN) informs you and you explicitly accept that: 1. The personal data provided by you via this Web Site, including health details, should there be any, will be included in a file held by CUN and registered in the General Data Protection Register. The purpose of this file is to efficiently offer the users of the Web Site the services requested and, in general, to manage, develop and fulfil the relationship established between the CUN and those individuals who provide personal data via the Web Site. We also wish to inform you that the questions and messages that you include when using the videochat facility, together with your username, will be published on the web site to enable you to participate. Likewise, we inform you that CUN will manage the data received in relation to the queries from the Web Site’s users and, in cases in which users expressly agree, it will be used to send advertising material and commercial information about the CUN, its activities, products, services, offers, competitions and special promotions, by various means, as well as various types of literature that may be of interest or use to the users. 2. You must ensure that the data you have submitted is reliable, accurate, complete and up-to-date, and you are responsible for any direct or indirect harm or injury which might ensue as a result of your failure to meet this obligation. If the data provided is that of a third party, you must ensure that you have informed the third party concerned of the issues dealt with in this document and obtained their authorization to disclose their data to the CUN for the purposes indicated above. 3. In the case of personal data obtained from the form designed for this purpose on the Web Site, you will need to provide the details marked with an asterisk at least, given that these details are considered necessary and if they are not supplied, the CUN will be unable to accept and provide the web service, or deal with the query that has been formulated. 4. To exercise your rights to access, amend, cancel and oppose your data, you can write to: CLÍNICA UNIVERSIDAD DE NAVARRA, Avenida Pío XII, 36, 31008, Pamplona. 5. In response to CUN’s concerns with regards ensuring the safety and confidentiality of your data, the levels of security required for personal data protection have been adopted and the technical means at our disposal have been installed to avoid the loss, misuse, manipulation, unauthorized access and theft of personal data submitted via www.cun.es. 6. In compliance with the provisions of the Law 34/2002 of 11 July, which regulates Services of the Information and E-Commerce Society, if you do not want to receive e-commerce correspondence in the future from CUN, you can express your wish by sending an email to the following address: webmastercun@unav.es  

