CLINICA UNIVERSIDAD DE NAVARRA (hereinafter, CUN) makes available to users of the website located at the URL www.cun.es this Privacy Policy, in order to provide information on how we treat your data and protect your privacy and information.
CUN asks the user to take a few minutes to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Introduction
This Data Protection Policy is applied to the website of the CLINICA UNIVERSIDAD DE NAVARRA www.cun.es and also to the applications and other products and services that may be contracted on said website (collectively referred to as “Services”).
This Data Protection Policy may be modified by the holder of the website but we will notify you of this on the website or by other means so that you can get to know it and continue to use our Services. If you continue to enjoy our Services after having been notified of the aforementioned modifications it will be understood that you agree with them, unless express consent is required.
Who is responsible for the treatment of your personal data?
The entity responsible for the treatment of the personal data it provides on the website www.cun.es will be the company CLINICA UNIVERSIDAD DE NAVARRA (henceforth the CUN) with its address at Avenida Pio XII 36, 31008 Pamplona, Spain.
In order to manage your personal data in a satisfactory manner, CUN has appointed a Data Protection Officer to whom you can turn in order to resolve any matter you may require. He can be contacted by sending an e-mail to dpocun@unav.es
For what purpose do we treat your data?
The personal data that are provided by the users of this web page will be treated by CUN with the following purposes, depending on the type of data that is provided by the user, as well as depending on the user's interactions with CUN through the website.

Contact and management of the users of the Website: The personal data of the users who contact CUN through any of the communication channels made available through the web page will be treated with the purpose of managing this contact, attending to the requests sent through the contact channels and, where appropriate, provide the services required by the user.
Request for medical appointments or other requests of clinical or assistance type: The personal data of the users who contact CUN through the different channels enabled on the web page for the request of clinical appointments or other services of a clinical or assistance type (for example, service of second medical opinion), will be treated by CUN in order to manage and process the request in each case made by the user.

	In such cases, CUN informs the user that, when providing clinical or health data of any kind through the aforementioned contact channels, such personal data will be treated exclusively for the purpose of developing and executing the legal, contractual and / or assistance provided between the user and CUN.
	In the same way, CUN informs the user that it applies technical measures to protect their personal data, as detailed in the section "What measures do we adopt to protect your data?", Of this Privacy Policy.
Work with us: The personal data of users who wish to participate in the processes of selection of CUN personnel and who are sent through the section "Work with us" of our website, are treated with the purpose of managing the reception of the submitted Curriculum, analyze the profile of the candidate and, where appropriate, enable their participation in the selection processes managed in CUN.
Requests for residency in CUN, registration in the specialty of nursing and application for a position in the CUN teaching offer: Personal data of users who request their enrollment in teaching activities developed in CUN (mainly, residency application, registration in specialty of nursing and application for a position in the postgraduate teaching offer), will be treated with the purpose of managing the application for registration or place in the teaching activity requested by the user.
Access to the Patient Area: The personal data provided by the user to request registration in the Patient Area will be treated with the purpose of enabling the user's registration in said Patient Area, as well as the possibility of accessing the functionalities and procedures. offered by CUN through such Patient Area.
Information and news about our activity, sending of our Electronic Bulletin and sending of advertising or promotional content of our own and of collaborating companies: The personal data of the users that request CUN to send the Electronic Bulletin, or that consent their treatment for the sending of information and news and advertising or promotional content, will be processed by CUN in order to send the aforementioned electronic bulletin or to send information on the activity and news of CUN, the University of Navarra or CIMA, as well as advertising content or promotional of CUN, the University of Navarra or the CIMA (Center for Applied Medical Research) or third parties collaborating with CUN.
	This information may be sent by postal, telephone or electronic means. In any case, the information to be sent will refer to the projects, activities or research studies that these entities develop, to the advances and novelties of products, services and techniques that occur in the health field, both at the care and research level. , as well as the products and services provided by CUN, by the University of Navarra or by CIMA. Likewise, information regarding CUN collaborating entities, belonging to the hospitality and commerce sectors, may be sent. All this, only if the user has consented to such purposes of processing their data.
	The user may object at any time to the processing of their data for advertising or promotional purposes by CUN, using the channels enabled by CUN as detailed in the section "What are your rights to your personal data?".
Management of publications in the web section "The Clinic's Blog": The personal data of users who, voluntarily, proceed to issue comments through the web section "Clinic blogs" will be treated with the purpose of managing and process the publication of the comment or opinion issued by the user. In such cases, CUN informs that the publication of the comment or opinion issued by the user through our website may imply the publication of certain personal data through a means of communication without any geographical limitation (Internet), which implies that Any third party with access to our website, even if it is located outside the territory of the European Union, may access and view the personal data that is published.
	 

Which data do we treat and from what source are they obtained?
The data that CUN deals with as a result of the interactions made by the user through our website come from the following sources:

Data provided by the user, through the completion of contact forms made available by CUN on its website, by sending emails or through any other means.
Data generated as a result of browsing and use by the user of the CUN website.
Data generated as a result of the development, processing and maintenance of the relationship established between the user and CUN.


CUN may process personal data of different types, depending on the relationship established with the user:

Identification data (eg, name, surnames, email, telephone, IP address, etc.).
Academic or professional data (eg, data contained in your Curriculum or data that you must provide us to request your enrollment in our teaching activities).
Data of personal characteristics or social circumstances (eg, date of birth).
Economic or transaction data of goods and services (eg, bank account or bank card number for the payment of services or transaction data or payments made).
Navigation data (eg, usage data of the CUN web page).
Health data. Exclusively in those cases in which the user provides health data through the channels enabled to maintain a care relationship with the user through the CUN website, such data will be processed by CUN, solely for the purpose of developing the relationship engaged with the user or to manage your request, and applying the appropriate security measures in the processing of such data.

What is the legal legitimation for the treatment of your data?
CUN treats the personal data provided by the users of its web page in accordance with the following legitimizing bases, based on the data that is provided by the user, as well as the interactions that the user enters with CUN:

The processing of data for the purposes "Contact and management of website users" and "Access to the Patient Area" is based on the management and processing of the legal relationship established between the user and CUN, that is, in the management of your own request, in the maintenance of contact between the parties and, where appropriate, in the provision of the service that you have requested.
The treatment of data for the purposes "Request for medical appointments or other requests of a clinical or assistance type", "Work with us", "Requests for residency in CUN, registration in the specialty of nursing and request for a place in the offer teacher of CUN "and" Management of publications in the web section The Clinic's blog ", is based on the management and processing of the legal relationship established between the user and CUN when completing each of the referred forms, as well as in the Consent that the user grants by completing and sending the form in question and, where appropriate, the documentation that accompanies this shipment.
The data processing for the purpose "Information and news about our activity, sending our Electronic Bulletin and sending advertising or promotional content" is based on the user's consent. CUN informs that it will only carry out the processing of personal data based on the consent of the user in the event that the user has consented to said treatments, through the means of obtaining consent made available by CUN.

To whom are your data transferred?
The personal data collected by CUN to achieve the purposes of processing detailed above will be communicated, exclusively if necessary, to financial entities for the management of collections and payments (in case the service or management requested by the user is submitted to payment), as well as, if necessary, to insurers for the maintenance of the health and economic relationship.
In the same way, exclusively in case of being necessary, the data could be communicated to Public Organizations and Administrations.
In the case of some of the detailed data communications, its legitimizing basis will be the correct development of the legal, contractual and / or assistance relationship established between the user and CUN and, where appropriate, compliance with legal obligations of CUN.
For how long will we store your data?
CUN will keep your personal data for the time necessary to provide the requested service and / or to achieve the purpose of the treatment sought.
Subsequently, as long as the user has not exercised his right of withdrawal, his data will be kept during the legal terms that in each case result from application, taking into account the type of data, as well as the purpose of treatment.
You can request more information about the storage dates of personal data of CLÍNICA UNIVERSIDAD DE NAVARRA at dpocun@unav.es
What should you guarantee when you provide your personal information?
The user guarantees that the information provided is true, accurate, complete and up-to-date, and is responsible for any damage or loss, direct or indirect, that may be caused as a result of the breach of such obligation.
In the event that the user provides data belonging to a third party, it guarantees that he has informed said third party of all the aspects contained in this Privacy Policy and obtained his consent to provide us with his data for the purpose of the treatment in question. All this, prior to the provision of data from a third party through our website.
CUN informs you that to provide your personal data, in any way, through our website, you must be over 18 years of age. The user providing CUN data through this website declares and guarantees to be over 18 years of age, fully responsible for such declaration.
What measures do we take to protect your personal data?
In response to the concern of CUN to ensure the security and confidentiality of their data, the security levels required for the protection of personal data have been adopted and technical means have been installed at their disposal to prevent loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized access and theft of personal data provided through the Website. In any case, you must take into consideration that security measures on the Internet are not impregnable.

What are your rights regarding your personal data?
CUN informs you that you have the right to obtain confirmation about whether we are treating personal data that concerns you or not. In the same way, CUN informs you that it has the following rights regarding your personal data:

Access your data: You have the right to access your data to know what personal information we are dealing with that concerns you.
Request rectification or deletion of your data: In certain circumstances, you have the right to rectify personal data that you consider inaccurate and that concern you, and that are subject to treatment by CUN as well as request its removal when, among other reasons, the data was no longer necessary for the purposes that were collected.
Request the limitation of the processing of your data: In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to limit the processing of your data, in which case we inform you that we will only keep them for the exercise or defense of claims.
To the portability of your data: In certain circumstances, you will have the right to receive the personal data that concern you, and that you have given us, in a structured format of common use and mechanical reading, as well as to be transmitted by CUN to another responsible for the treatment.
Oppose the processing of your data: In certain circumstances and for reasons related to your particular situation, you have the right to object to the processing of your data in which case, we would stop treating them except for compelling legitimate reasons or for the exercise or defense of possible claims.

Likewise, we remind you that you have the right to oppose, at any time, the processing of your data for advertising or promotional purposes (sending the CUN Electronic Bulletin, as well as sending information and news about our activity and sending advertising or promotional content. CUN, of the University of Navarra, of CIMA or of companies collaborating with CUN, belonging to the hotel and commercial sectors).
Likewise, you may withdraw any of the consents that you have provided for the processing of your data, without affecting the legality of the treatment prior to its withdrawal.
You may exercise these rights by writing to "CLINICA UNIVERSIDAD DE NAVARRA - Patient Care Service", which may be sent, accompanied by a copy of your ID or equivalent, to any of the following addresses:

Avenida Pio XII, 36, 31008, Pamplona
protecciondedatosnav@unav.es

Lastly, you have the right to file a claim with the Control Authority regarding Data Protection - Spanish Agency for Data Protection, www.aepd.es. However, in the first instance you can contact our Data Protection Delegate - dpocun@unav.es, who will resolve your claim within a maximum period of 2 months.
 
