

Analytics 
Our servers automatically record information about how a person ("User") uses our software or services ("Log Data"). Log Data may include a User's Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, web page that the User was visiting before accessing our server, search terms, and the pages or features of our software or services accessed by the User and the time spent there. We may share Log Data with Google Analytics. Google's privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.


Simply
Exception #1: We share your information with Google for analytical purposes.




Third-Party Service Providers
We may engage third-party service providers to administer and provide our services. We may provide PII to such third parties only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders and delivering updates, payment processing, providing customer service, sending marketing communications, conducting research and analysis, and providing cloud computing infrastructure. We require such third parties to agree not to disclose your PII or use your PII for any other purpose. 
For our cloud-based Software, we utilize Amazon Web Services for our infrastructure.  With such infrastructure, you are able to benefit from Amazon Web Services Cloud Compliance security and privacy measures, including but not limited to ISO and SOC certifications. For more information on Amazon Web Services Cloud Compliance please visit https://aws.amazon.com/compliance. 


Simply
Exception #2: If we give your information to a partner company, they won't use your information outside of our business relationship.




Business Transactions
Information that we collect from Users, including PII, is considered a business asset. Accordingly, if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, or if we are acquired, e.g., as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition, or asset sale, your PII may be disclosed or transferred to the third-party acquirer in connection with the transaction. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choice you may have regarding your personal information.


Simply
Exception #3: If someone buys us or we go bankrupt, your information may be transferred to someone else.




Governmental; Law Enforcement
We may disclose PII to government agencies, law enforcement officials, and private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary: (1) to satisfy or comply with any applicable law, regulation or legal process; (2) to respond to lawful requests, including subpoenas, warrants or court orders; (3) to protect our property, rights and safety and the rights, property and safety of third parties or the public in general; and (4) to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
In certain situations, Malwarebytes may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.


Simply
Exception #4: If the government asks for your information, we may comply.




Consent 
We may share your PII with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites, but only if you have expressly requested that we do so.
Similarly, by posting profile, content, or other information, including PII to a forum or blog, you indicate your consent to its public use. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. We will list you in our publicly accessible member directory on the forum website.
We also display testimonials of satisfied customers on our websites in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@malwarebytes.com.


Simply
Exception #5: If you post your information in one of our forums or on the blog, well, that's public.




Choice
We partner with a third party to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here [or if located in the European Union click here]. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
You may sign-up to receive email or newsletter or other communications from us.  If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the "Unsubscribe" link found in emails we send to you or at your member profile on our website or by contacting us at privacy@malwarebytes.com.


                   
                



Security 
We take commercially reasonable measures to protect PII from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. However, no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we can't guarantee the absolute security of your PII.


Simply
We do what we reasonably can to protect your information.




Links
Our website may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we are not responsible for the content, privacy, or security practices and policies of those websites or services.


Simply
Our privacy policy doesn't apply when you visit sites we link to.




Deletion 
Upon request, Malwarebytes will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access and modify the PII associated with your use of our services at any time by contacting us at privacy@malwarebytes.com. If you want us to delete your PII, your forum account, or your support account, please contact us at privacy@malwarebytes.com with your request. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. We will delete your information as soon as possible; however, some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
For our Partnerbytes Platform only:
Malwarebytes acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information.  Malwarebytes has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to the Malwarebytes' Client (the data controller). If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.  In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.


Simply
We'll delete or modify your information if you ask.




International 
Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide your PII to us, we may transfer your PII to the United States and process it there.
Malwarebytes participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.  Malwarebytes is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework's applicable Principles.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield List.
Malwarebytes is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Malwarebytes complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Malwarebytes is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  In certain situations, Malwarebytes may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.


Simply
If you're not in the U.S., we may transfer your information to the U.S. We participate in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.




Children 
Our services are not directed to children under eighteen, and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under thirteen. If we learn that we have collected PII of a child under thirteen we will delete such information from our files as soon as possible, provided, however, that some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.


Simply
We don't knowingly collect information on children, and delete it if we inadvertently do collect it.


