

The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information
The General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") is effective May 25, 2018. The GDPR requires that a valid legal basis be used to process personal data. In certain countries, there are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information, namely:
Performance of a contract
The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the agreement you have with us. For example, to complete your purchase of your product, to register and maintain your account and to make sure that your product performs its functions in a secure way or to respond to your requests.
Legitimate interests
We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests. For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyze and improve our products and the content on our websites, to send you notifications about software updates or information about products or to use your personal information for administrative, fraud detection or legal purposes.
Legal obligation
We may use your personal information to comply with legal requirements, as further described in Exception 4, above.
Consent
We may at times, request your consent to conduct certain actions with your personal information. When requesting your consent, we are transparent in ensuring you know what you are consenting to.


Simply
These are the legal bases we use for processing data subject to the GDPR.




Choice
We partner with a third party to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here [or if located in the European Union click here]. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads. 
You may sign-up to receive email or newsletter or other communications from us. By interacting with us, such as attending a webinar, attending our sponsored events or downloading content from our website, you may be added to our mailing list. If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the "Unsubscribe" link found in emails we send to you or at your member profile on our website or by contacting us at privacy@malwarebytes.com.




Usage and Threat Statistics
You may opt out of usage and threat statistics collection in certain Malwarebytes products within the settings. Threat statistics collection includes detection samples and their corresponding statistics. Usage statistics includes behavior usage tracking. Do it in just a couple of clicks. To opt out please follow the instructions below.
Using Malwarebytes for Home on Windows:
From the Navigation menu select Settings
                     Scroll down to "Usage and Threat Statistics"
                     Untick the box that reads "Anonymously help fight malware by providing usage and threat statistics"
                     Usage and threat statistics collection will be disabled 
Using Malwarebytes for Android
From the Navigation menu select Settings
                     Scroll down to the General section
                     Untick the box that reads "Help us Anonymously"
                     Usage and threat statistics collection will be disabled 
Using Malwarebytes for Mac:
Open Malwarebytes and click Settings
                     Uncheck "Help fight malware by providing usage and threat statistics"
                     Usage and threat statistics collection will be disabled 
Using Malwarebytes for iOS:
Open Malwarebytes and tap Settings
                  Turn off "Share anonymous telemetry"
                  Whitelisted phone number and URL collection will be disabled
You may change your preferences at any time following the same steps.


Simply
We want to give you control to manage your data. 




Security
We take commercially reasonable measures to protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. However, no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we can't guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. 


Simply
We do what we reasonably can to protect your information.




Retention
We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different products or services, actual retention periods can vary significantly.


Simply
Our retention periods differ for each type of personal information, but we only retain such information to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. 




Links
Our website may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we are not responsible for the content, privacy, or security practices and policies of those websites or services. 


Simply
Our privacy policy doesn't apply when you visit sites we link to. 




Update or Delete your personal information
Upon request, Malwarebytes will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, modify or delete (subject to applicable law) the personal information associated with your use of our services at any time by updating your "My Account" information by navigating to my.malwarebytes.com, signing into your account and updated your personal information. Alternatively, you may contact us at privacy@malwarebytes.com. If you want us to delete your personal information, your forum account, or your support account, please contact us at privacy@malwarebytes.com with your request. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. We will delete your information as soon as possible; however, some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. 
For our Partnerbytes Platform only:
Malwarebytes acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. Malwarebytes has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to the Malwarebytes' Client (the data controller). If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.


Simply
Subject to applicable laws, we'll delete or modify your information if you ask.




International
Your personal information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide your personal information to us, we may transfer your personal information to the United States and process it there. 
Malwarebytes participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Malwarebytes is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework's applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield List.
Malwarebytes is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Malwarebytes complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Malwarebytes is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Malwarebytes may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. 
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. 


Simply
If you're not in the U.S., we may transfer your information to the U.S. We participate in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. 




Children
Our services are not directed to children under eighteen, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under thirteen. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under thirteen we will delete such information from our files as soon as possible, provided, however, that some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.


Simply
We don't knowingly collect information on children, and delete it if we inadvertently do collect it.


