Privacy policyWe respect your privacyCyprus Property News guarantees that any personal information you provide to us including your name, e-mail address, telephone number and other contact details WILL NOT be divulged to any third party without your prior consent.What personal data we collect and whyWe only collect personal data about visitors to our website when they leave a comment on an article, or register to receive our free weekly newsletter as described below:CommentsIf visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.If visitors leave a comment, the comment and details about when it was posted, who posted it, and where it was posted etc. are retained indefinitely.NewsletterIf visitors register to receive our free weekly newsletters, we collect the data shown on the registration form and hold it in our secure database of Registered Subscribers once they have confirmed their registration.If a user decides to cancel their registration (by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the foot of their weekly newsletter) their details are immediately deleted from our database of Registered Subscribers.Cookies policyCOOKIES are small text files that are placed on your computer to help provide a better user experience.We use cookies for identify new visitors to Cyprus Property News to offer them our ‘Free subscription service’. We also employ cookies in the ‘Have your say’ feature to help ensure that those voting do so only once.The cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and we do not use cookies to collect personal information and we do not use tracking cookies.We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies, click here.We also use cookies to compile visitor statistics, such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using, how long they spend on the site, what pages they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called ‘analytics’ programs also tell us how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before and help us to develop our services to you. We use Google Analytics for these features.As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your web browser.We suggest consulting the Help section of your web browser or taking a look at the following websites which offer guidance on controlling cookies in the most commonly used web browsers.Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may be unable to access certain areas or features and facilities of our site.Future changesWe may edit or alter our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any substantial changes by a prominent announcement on this website.WarningsCredit card and banking detailsWE WILL NEVER ask for your Credit Card or banking details and urge that you DO NOT enter them on any of the forms on this website.External sitesWe are not responsible for the content or reliability of websites to which we link, nor should listing be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. We advise you to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.