Privacy & cookies policyWe respect your privacyCyprus Property News guarantees that any personal information you provide to us including your name, e-mail address, telephone number and other contact details WILL NOT be divulged to any third party without your prior consent.Who we areOur website address is: https://www.news.cyprus-property-buyers.comWhat personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.Contact formsWhen visitors contact us on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.Newsletter subscribersOur newsletter subscription process employs a double opt-in (DOI) procedure. This procedure helps to ensure that a third party is not able to subscribe someone else accidentally, or out of malice, since if no action is taken on the part of the email recipient, they will not receive an email from us asking them to confirm their subscription.When visitors subscribe to our weekly news digest service, we collect their name, email, the date of their request and their IP address. Using the DOI procedure, an email is sent to the visitor asking them to confirm their subscription. If the visitor does not confirm their subscription within seven (7) days, the details we collected are deleted.If a visitor confirms their subscription, we retain their name, email, the date of their subscription request and their IP address indefinitely. However, if a confirmed subscriber unsubscribes (by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the foot of the weekly digests) we delete their details.CookiesCookies are tiny pieces of information stored on your computer.The cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and we do not use cookies to collect personal information and we do not use tracking cookies.If you leave a comment on our site your name, email address and website is saved in a ‘cookie’. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies, click here.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsOur website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.We also analyse the usage of our newsletter (see above) to identify how many times each newsletter has been opened and how many times each news item has been read. These analyses are retained for six (6) months and then deleted.Who we share your personal data withWe do not share your personal information with anyone.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.If you are a registered subscriber to our weekly news digest, your name, email, the date of your subscription request and IP address are retained until you unsubscribe by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the foot of the weekly digests.What rights you have over your dataIf you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments are checked through an automated spam detection service.Our contact informationYou may contact the editor, Nigel Howarth using the Contact Form.Additional informationWhere is your data storedInformation that you submit to Cyprus Property News is stored on hardware located in the European Economic Area. This is necessary in order to process the information and to send you any information you have requested.Future changesWe may edit or alter our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any substantial changes by a prominent announcement on this website.WarningsCredit card and banking detailsWE WILL NEVER ask for your Credit Card or banking details and urge that you DO NOT enter them on any of the forms on this website.External sitesWe are not responsible for the content or reliability of websites to which we link, nor should listing be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. We advise you to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.