Intimate Hotels of Barbados, Privacy Policy  This site is owned and operated by Intimate Hotels of Barbados, Inc. Here at Intimate Hotels of Barbados, we recognize that many visitors to our Site are concerned about both the information they provide to us and how we treat that information. So we've developed the Privacy Policy described below. We may update or change the Privacy Policy from time to time.
 
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: Intimate Hotels of Barbados.
Intimate Hotels of Barbados
 
BHTA Building4th Avenue BellevilleSt. MichaelBarbadosAttention: Executive Director
 
Tel: (246) 436-2053Fax: (246) 436-3748
Our office is open from 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday. Please feel free to e-mail us anytime at information@intimatehotelsbarbados.com .
 
 
Our Policy
Intimate Hotels of Barbados respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Site or responds to our interactive advertisements. At our Site, we don't collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. We don't require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our Site. If you register in order to use various features of our Site, we use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you've requested. If you agreed to follow-up contacts by us or asked us to be put on our mailing list when you registered, we may contact you from time to time. You can always change your preference for follow-up contacts just by e-mailing us at any time. We don't share any personal information you give us with anyone outside of Intimate Hotels of Barbados.
 
In the e-mail section of our Site, we ask for some personally identifiable information, such as your name, address and phone number. We use this information only if we need to contact you directly because our attempts to contact you by e-mail were unsuccessful. We don't share your personal information with anyone outside of Intimate Hotels of Barbados. We don't use your e-mail address for any purpose other than responding to the message you've sent. Intimate Hotels of Barbados does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from individuals under thirteen years of age. Where appropriate, we will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our Web sites or advertisements. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us at the e-mail address or mailing address listed in this Privacy Statement if he or she would like this information deleted from our records and we will use reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our databases.
 
Our Site sometimes includes notices of promotions we are conducting, and we may permit you to enter electronically in some cases. If that occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (e.g., to contact you if you're a winner). We don't share the information you give us with anyone outside of Intimate Hotels of Barbados.
 
Intimate Hotels of Barbados treats all customer information as confidential and regularly monitors access to such information and its use within Intimate Hotels of Barbados by its employees to ensure that the level of privacy described in this Policy is maintained. Intimate Hotels of Barbados has also adopted security measures intended to prevent an unauthorized third party, such as a hacker, from gaining access to Intimate Hotels of Barbados databases.
 
Cookies Like most companies, we use "cookie" technology on our Site. When you log in, the cookie tells us whether you've visited us before or are a new visitor. The cookie doesn't track any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn't extract any information from your computer.
 
Intimate Hotels of Barbados Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel GIFs - that allow Intimate Hotels of Barbados to count users who have visited those pages. Web beacons do not access or capture your personal information; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about Intimate Hotels of Barbados Web site usage. You may find more information about Web beacons at the Network Advertising Initiative.
 
