
				
					Part of
					
					The Whirlpool FAQ
Your privacy is important to us.
Whirlpool will not give, sell, trade or rent your private information to others under any circumstance.  We do not supply your private information to others except where we:

may be required to do so under Australian law (e.g. by Court Order or by law enforcement agencies under statutory or other powers);
are trying to prevent abuse of Whirlpool or Whirlpool's systems (e.g. because we are being DOSed, DDOSed, or where a user is abusing or threatening users or moderators);
are of the reasonable view that there may be an actual or potential breach of the law (e.g. where Whirlpool is being used for the furtherance of crimes against persons or property);
are acting to identify sources of spam

We continually strive to maintain the security of your private information both offline and online. The term "information" includes your ‘real’ email address, your IP address and any other supplied registration details which we have identified as private.
It is however important to be aware that when you voluntarily provide personal information in an article reply or in the forums, that information will not be protected by this privacy policy (reasonable requests for deletion will usually be honoured however). For this reason, we strongly discourage the offering of personal details in any post you make.
In the event of legal threats or other threats made against Whirlpool or its staff, the person(s) responsible for those threats is deemed to forfeit any right to privacy in relation to those threats.
What information do we gather?
If you are comfortable providing us with information about yourself, enhanced services, like the customisations available on your user account, become available to you. It is not possible for us to offer them to anonymous users.
All the information we gather is stored by Whirlpool in a secure and separate area, protected by firewalls and never shared with anyone, except where it might be required by Australian law (by Court Order or Police Warrant), or to prevent abuse of Whirlpool or Whirlpool's systems.
We use a feature of your browser called a "cookie" to help implement many critical features of our site. Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to find out your identity or the identities of any of our users. It can only return information that we already have.
Specifically, per session cookies are required to be able to remain signed in and use the features of Whirlpool available to registered users.
Permanent cookies are only required if you select the option for Whirlpool to "Remember me on this computer" when logging in.
Why do we gather information?
Whirlpool aims to provide you with better services and more compelling reasons to come back and visit our site. The information you provide us with can personalise your experience, and help us provide information you are interested in receiving. We analyse what our users and customers like and don't like about the content, so that we can constantly improve them for your use.
Who can see information about me?
Only Whirlpool Full or Senior Moderators and Administrators can see privileged information about users such as IP addresses, etc.
Details on your Account, Preferences and Account Activity of your Account Settings is not visible to other users.
The information on the Identity and What I Use tab page (excluding your Telephone Exchange) of your Account Settings populates your Whirlpool public profile.
Your public profile only shows limited information to non-logged in users and search engines (it does not show contact details to non-logged in users). The contact details in your public profile are only visible by registered members of good standing.
For further details, also see the Privacy Policy section of this FAQ.
Please note that, like any online publisher, we cannot pre-emptively control your private information being published by another user. If this happens, contact a moderator.
Will Whirlpool ever send me unsolicited email?
No.
The only times that Whirlpool will ever send email to a user is:

When requested to do so for account validation (such as new account creation, when a user requests their password be reset)
If a user chooses to be notified of new private messages via email
When a user voluntarily participates in a survey, or when a user voluntarily completes an online form which requires email validation.
For significant notifications about security of Whirlpool user accounts.

We encourage users to keep their Account Email Address up to date in the case they need to reset their password, as Whirlpool sends the password reset email to that address.
Can you send me contact details for a specific user?
No.
However, there are generally some public contact details for each user listed on the user's info page, if they have chosen to supply them. They can be viewed simply by clicking on a user's name in the forums.
I suspect a user is posting from multiple accounts. How can I check?
If you suspect that a user is using multiple accounts to try and win an argument, or to spam the forums, please contact a moderator immediately (see How do I contact a Mod?). The moderator will then check for duplicate or ghost accounts, and help clear the air.
Please note that a moderator will not reveal details (such as IP addresses, email addresses, etc) of a user's account to anyone — so don't bother asking.
Can you tell me if another user has been penalised?
No. With the exception of being "In the Penalty Box", all moderation actions will be discussed only with the user that is the subject of those actions.