Page Content​PrivacyWe are committed to protecting user privacy. We understand that visitors and users of this website are concerned about their privacy, and the confidentiality and security of any information that is provided.Information collected on this websiteWhen you visit this website, our web measurement tool and Internet Service Providers record anonymous information for statistical purposes only, including:the type of browser, computer platform and screen resolution you are usingyour traffic patterns through our site such as: 
      the date and time of your visit to the sitethe pages you accessed and documents downloadedthe previous page you visited prior to accessing our sitethe Internet address of the server accessing our site.No attempt is or will be made to identify you or to use or disclose your personal information except where required under a law, for example, a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect our service providers' logs. 
EmailThis is a Queensland Government website. Email correspondence from this website will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the 
We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with the 
Information Privacy Act 2009. We will not use your personal information to compile a mailing list or for marketing purposes.Our Internet Service Provider may monitor email traffic for system trouble shooting and maintenance purposes only. 
SecurityThis site contains links to non-Queensland Government websites. The Queensland Government is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.Please contact Manager, Right to Information and Information Privacy at 
No attempt is or will be made to identify you or to use or disclose your personal information except where required under a law, for example, a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect our service providers' logs.This is a Queensland Government website. Email correspondence from this website will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the 
   Public Records Act 2002 (PDF, 428KB) We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with the Information Privacy Act 2009. We will not use your personal information to compile a mailing list or for marketing purposes.Our Internet Service Provider may monitor email traffic for system trouble shooting and maintenance purposes only.This site contains links to non-Queensland Government websites. The Queensland Government is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.Please contact Manager, Right to Information and Information Privacy at rti@det.qld.gov.au if you have a concern or complaint about the way your personal information has been collected, used, stored or disclosed.