
Biltmore collects and processes the Personal Data of customers, website users, partners and service providers to provide on-property, online, reservation, customer support, product purchasing, membership program, etc. services (“Services”). In some instances, we request that you provide certain Personal Data, or other data (such as browser data, device information, data collected through Cookies, aggregated data, etc.), to us directly. If you do not provide the data that we request, or prohibit us from collecting such data, we may not be able to provide all the Services that we offer or you request.
We may process your Personal Data for any reason that is permitted under data protection laws in accordance with this Privacy Policy, which may include the purposes below. Please note that the legal bases outlined below are required to be included under European Union (EU) data protection laws, but are not required to be included if you do not reside in the EU.
We use Personal Data and other data for our legitimate business interests, including the following:

Provide the Services You Request. We use Personal Data and other data to provide the Services you request, including to facilitate reservations, payment, administrative communications, reservation confirmations and pre-arrival messages, meetings and events, reservation payment processing, customer service and support, to send electronic receipts, etc. If you provide an email address when making a reservation, we will use that email address to send you a confirmation. If you make a reservation for another person using your email address, that person's confirmation will be emailed to you, as well. The legal basis for this processing is to provide the Services or products you have requested and our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Sites/business.
E-mail. We may ask you for your email address when you make a reservation with us or purchase Services or products from us. The primary purpose for collecting your email address is to send you a sales or reservation confirmation. Where permitted by applicable laws, when you transact with us we will automatically send you marketing email about offers and promotions that may be of interest to you. Our confirmation of your email address, and every subsequent marketing email that is sent to you, will allow you to unsubscribe from our marketing communications. Please note that even if you unsubscribe from marketing email messages, we may still email you regarding your account and your transactions or if there is an emergency or situation that requires us to alert you. The legal basis for this processing is to provide the Services or products you have requested (i.e., it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you) and our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Sites/business or your consent where required.
Personalize Our Services. We use Personal Data and other data to personalize our Services and improve your Biltmore experience, including when you: (a) visit on-property; (b) use our Sites; (c) request concierge services; (d) receive promotions and offers from us, and; (e) when we send you marketing communications. The legal basis for this processing is to provide the Services or products you have requested (i.e., it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you) and our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Sites/business or your consent where required.
Recruitment and Employment Purposes. We use Personal Data in our employment and recruitment processes, including in the context of applicant selection and recruitment. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our business/Sites, including legal compliance, and to make the best recruitment decisions. In certain circumstances, we will ask for your consent when processing your Personal Data related to employment and recruitment. You have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
Business Purposes. We use Personal Data and other data for security and fraud prevention and monitoring, data analysis, audits, card keys, and other security processes and systems. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
Membership Programs. We use Personal Data and other data to enroll you in our membership program and manage your account. We also use Personal Data and other data to send you offers, promotions (either directly or through our business partners) and provide information regarding your account status and activities. The legal basis for this processing is to provide the Services or products you have requested (i.e., it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you) and our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Sites/business or your consent where required.
Surveys, Contests and Promotions. We use Personal Data and other data to invite you to participate in surveys, contests and promotions and to manage these activities. These activities have additional rules and may contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Data related to the specific activity. We suggest that you read the rules related to each activity carefully. The legal basis for this processing is to provide the services or products you have requested and our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Sites/business or your consent where required.

Where we are rely on consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide the Services to you.

