
Your Posts: As part of the http://mydramalist.com Services, users may have an opportunity to publish, transmit, submit or otherwise post (collectively, "Post") reviews, comments or other materials (collectively, "User Material"). In order to keep http://mydramalist.com enjoyable for all of our users, we ask you to adhere to the following rules.
Please choose carefully the User Material you Post. Please limit yourself to User Material directly relevant to the http://mydramalist.com Services. Moreover, you must not Post User Material that: (a) contains Unsuitable Material; or (b) improperly claims the identity of another person. You should also be careful if you decide to Post personally identifiable information, such as your full name, email address, telephone number or street address.
You must be, or have first obtained permission from, the rightful owner of any User Material you Post. By submitting User Material, you represent and warrant that you own the User Material or otherwise have the right to grant http://mydramalist.com the license provided below; you also represent and warrant that the Posting of your User Material does not violate any right of any party, including privacy rights, publicity rights, and intellectual property rights. In addition, you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and other payments owed to any party by reason of your Posting User Material. http://mydramalist.com will remove all User Material if properly notified that such User Material infringes on another person's rights. You understand that http://mydramalist.com does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Material.
http://mydramalist.com does not claim any ownership rights in User Material you Post. After Posting your User Material, you continue to retain all ownership rights. By Posting your User Material, you grant http://mydramalist.com a limited non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, display, reproduce, transmit, distribute, modify, delete from, add to, prepare derivative works of, publicly perform, and publish such User Material through the http://mydramalist.com Services, in any media formats and any media channels now known or hereinafter created. By Posting your User Material, you also hereby grant each user of the http://mydramalist.com Services a non-exclusive limited license to access your User Material through the Sites, and to use, display, reproduce, distribute, and perform such User Material as permitted through the functionality of the http://mydramalist.com Services and under these Terms of Use.
Third Party Posts: Despite these restrictions, please be aware that some material provided by users may be objectionable, unlawful, inaccurate or inappropriate. http://mydramalist.com does not endorse any User Material, and User Material that is Posted does not reflect the opinions or policies of http://mydramalist.com. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor User Material and to restrict or remove User Material that we determine, in our sole discretion, is inappropriate. In no event does http://mydramalist.com assume any responsibility or liability whatsoever for any User Material, and you agree to waive any legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against http://mydramalist.com with respect to such User Material.

