

Privacy Policy

Privacy policy of DutchReview
DutchReviews aims to be fully GDPR compliant.
DutchReview collects information about our visitors for a few reasons:
For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often you visit our website.
To sell advertising space on the site and provide our advertisers with information, none of which is at a micro-level. We do this to keep DutchReview free for our readers.
We also collect information to monitor behavior on the site and improve our services.
We do not monitor individual traffic patterns on our site and only collect aggregate reader information. And we will do our utmost best to respect your privacy.
 
Collecting of information

We do collect information on our users through Google Analytics, and when you sign up for our newsletter. We also collect information through comments systems and our contact form, at both you need to positively confirm the sending of your information as is needed under the GDPR guidelines.
If you have signed up for our newsletter in the past or future, or given us your email address because of something else, we will not sell or pass on your details to any other company.
We may send marketing emails to you on behalf of trusted partners, but haven’t done this till 2018. Please note that we reserve the right to access and disclose personal data to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect both ourselves and our users.
 
How do we protect your information?

Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. However, no online data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
What is a cookie?

A cookie is a small text file with data stored by your browser on your computer. If you visit the website another time, a cookie will cause your browser to be recognized. For example, your settings for logging can be preserved, or the website shows information that may be of interest to you, more clearly. Cookies can also be used for statistical purposes. Cookies are always anonymous. Your personal information will not be known until you leave it.
Third Parties
Third party advertisers such as Google Adsense, Nextday Media, Video Intelligence and Google DoubleClick will generate statistical cookies to track advertising impressions and conversions. These third parties helps us generate revenue and keep DutchReview free of charge. The use of cookies by third parties is subject to those companies’ own privacy and cookie policies. For more on Google’s privacy policy: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
By using the DutchReview.com website you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described. Some advertisers may tailor advertising to specific groups of advertisers using cookies.
How to opt out
Readers can opt out from online behavioral advertising using the following methods: Use the Online Choices opt-out tool provided at www.youronlinechoices.com/opt-out. Change your computer’s browser settings to block delete and/or control the use of all third party cookies. Refer to your computer’s web browser’s documentation for more information.
Some DutchReview pages use plug-ins from third party platforms such as Youtube, Twitter or Instagram. Information about your visit to DutchReview may be collected by these third party providers on these pages. For more information on how these third parties use information, please read their privacy policies.
Social media
On DutchReview you can share information via social media, via the available social media buttons. The relevant social media can place cookies via these buttons. We have no influence on the use of these cookies by these parties. They are responsible for the use and provision of data obtained in this way. The privacy policy and the general terms and conditions of the social media platforms involved apply to this use.
Questions
If you have questions about the privacy statement or the use of your information, you can contact us via the contact form.
Changes
We reserve the right to make, without any prior notice, changes to the disclaimer, cookie and privacy policy.
