PrivacyParks Victoria is committed to protecting your personal information by complying with the information privacy principles set out in the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Act). We are also committed to respecting the privacy of everyone who visits our website.
Functions of Parks Victoria
The functions of Parks Victoria include providing services with respect to the management of parks, reserves and waterways for the purpose of conservation, recreation, leisure, tourism and water transport. The term "users" in this statement refers to anyone who wishes to access information concerning Parks Victoria by using this website.
Personal Information
Personal Information means information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), that is recorded in any form and whether true or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion, but does not include information of a kind to which the Health Records Act 2001 (Vic) applies.
Links
The website is not knowingly linked to sites that are invasive of privacy. However, when you link to another site, we recommend you read the privacy statement of that site to familiarise yourself with its privacy provisions. We cannot guarantee your privacy will be protected when you link to another site.
Collection, use and disclosure of personal data
CollectionParks Victoria will only collect personal information that is necessary for it to perform its functions and activities. For example, Parks Victoria may collect contact details to enable you to use or access a service provided by Parks Victoria, to resolve any queries you may have, or to enable you to pay an account by credit card, to seek information about parks and waterways assets, or a host of other inquiries.
In most cases, Parks Victoria will collect personal information directly from you. That could occur when you deal with us over the telephone, send us correspondence (by letter or e-mail), or when information is voluntarily submitted through our web site. The information may include your name, home or work address and telephone number, and e-mail address. It may also include in some situations sensitive information such as membership of a professional or trade association.
Use and Disclosure
The primary purpose of collecting personal information is to enable Parks Victoria to carry out its functions. Personal information will be used for that purpose, and in other cases where consent has been given.
Your personal information may be disclosed to our contractors (third party service providers) where an outsourced function so requires. Personal information may be disclosed to those service providers but only so that they can provide the services that Parks Victoria has contracted out to them. Those contractors are required to be bound by the information privacy principles in the same way and to the same extent as Parks Victoria is bound.
Parks Victoria may otherwise use or disclose your personal information where required or authorised by law, which may include emergency situations and assisting law enforcement agencies.
We may also use your personal information to provide you with information about other services or activities offered or available through Parks Victoria. If you would prefer not to receive this information, please let us know and we will respect your request.
Protection of personal information
Parks Victoria will take reasonable steps to:

protect the personal information it holds from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure; and
destroy or permanently de-identify personal information if it is no longer needed for any purpose.

Where is it lawful and practicable, you will have the option of not identifying yourself when entering transactions with Parks Victoria.
Parks Victoria will not transfer personal information about you to an organisation or individual outside Victoria unless that transfer is lawful under the Act.
Your personal information will be used and disclosed as required to enable us to provide you with a service you have requested, or otherwise to enable us to carry out our functions.
Using this site
You can access and browse this website anonymously, without disclosing your personal information.
We will record your e-mail address only for the purpose of replying to your message or verifying your account and any other contact details you provide will not be retained for any other purpose without your consent. Users should be aware that there are inherent risks in transmitting information across the Internet.
This website does not retrieve or record any personal information except that which you provide freely in response to a specific query via one of the site's feedback or registration forms. Any personal information you provide will only be used for the purposes for which it is intended.
Access to your personal information
Parks Victoria will (unless an exemption applies) at your request provide you with access to the personal information we hold about you as quickly as possible. If you need to access or correct any personal information we hold about you, please contact us by writing to the Privacy Officer whose contact details are set out below.
You should provide Parks Victoria with as much detail as possible about the particular information you seek, in order to assist us to retrieve it. A reasonable access fee may be charged to cover Parks Victoria's costs of providing the information to you. In certain circumstances, Parks Victoria may not be required by law to provide access or to correct your personal information. If that is the case you will be provided with reasons for that course of action.
For access to your personal information, to make a complaint about a breach of your privacy, or for advice on how your personal information is collected or used, please contact Parks Victoria's Privacy Officer in writing.
Alternatively, should you wish to make a complaint of a suspected privacy breach, please refer to our Privacy Complaint Form.
Privacy OfficerParks Victoria
Level 10, 535 Bourke Street Melbourne VIC 3000
Phone: 13 1963
Email: info@parks.vic.gov.au
