
Privacy
Queensland Health is committed to protecting user privacy. We understand and appreciate that visitors and users of this web site are concerned about their privacy and the confidentiality and security of any information that may be provided to us.
To protect your privacy Queensland Health staff must follow the National Privacy Principles in the Information Privacy Act 2009 (Qld) (PDF, 640kB), which cover the collection, use, disclosure, security, quality, access, correction and openness of personal information.
How is this website monitored?
When you look at this web site, our internet service and analytics providers make a record of your visit and log the following information for statistical purposes only:

the user's server address 
the user's top level domain name (for example .gov) 
the date and time of visit to the site 
the pages accessed and documents downloaded
the previous site visited 
the type of browser used.

No attempt is, or will be made, to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect activity logs.
Taking part in Queensland Health surveys
At times you may be asked if you wish to complete survey questionnaires that appear on our site; for example, on topical public health issues such as smoking. Taking part in these surveys is entirely voluntary, and many surveys are able to be completed anonymously.
If you do agree to participate in a survey, you will be asked to review and accept certain additional terms and conditions relating to the use of any personal information you provide.
Email and feedback information
This is a Queensland Government website. Email correspondence sent to this site will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the Public Records Act 2002 (Qld) (PDF, 435kB) and other relevant regulations.
Your name and address details will not be added to a mailing list, nor will we disclose these details to third parties without your consent unless required by law. Email messages may however be monitored by our website support staff for system trouble shooting and maintenance purposes.
Although every effort will be made, Queensland Health does not guarantee to reply to email correspondence. Where appropriate, emails sent to this site may be forwarded internally to other Queensland Health officers for direct response.
How do I obtain access to information held about me by Queensland Health?
Queensland Health supports your right to see what personal information, including health information, is held about you.
Find out how to access your health records and learn more about how we protect your personal information. 
        
