
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This statement discloses the privacy practices for this website 
Icon Archive.
IconArchive.com respects the privacy and rights of its visitors.
We do not collect personal identifiable data, and therefore protect user privacy.
No effort is made to identify individuals without their knowledge.
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.

Visitor Stats
We are using one web analytics services to improve and optimize our website.
This service uses cookies to track visitor behaviour. For further details please visit the privacy policy.


Google Analytics (Privacy Policy)

Ad Networks
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
We use the following ad networks:


Google Adsense (Privacy Policy)
Tribal Fusion (Privacy Policy)
BuySellAds (Privacy Policy)
Burst! Media (Privacy Policy)
Lijit (Privacy Policy)
Valueclickmedia (Privacy Policy) 


Especially Google Adsense Privacy Policy

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. 
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. 
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. 

Social Networks

Facebook: We display a facebook box with the "I like this" button feature on most pages. (Privacy Policy)

Links to external sites

This site contains links to other sites.
IconArchive.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 


If you have any additional questions or concerns about this policy, please feel free to contact us.


