
Privacy and Cookie Usage
Introduction
This statement discloses the privacy practices for this website 
Icon Archive.
IconArchive.com respects the privacy and rights of its visitors.
We do not collect personal identifiable data, and therefore protect user privacy.
No effort is made to identify individuals without their knowledge.
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.

What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded and may be stored on your user device e.g. your computer (or other internet enabled devices, such as a smartphone or tablet). This Cookie Policy provides you with information about the cookies we use and why. Our Privacy Policy sets out full details of the other information we may collect and how we may use your personal information.

Visitor Stats
We are using a web analytics service to improve and optimize our website.
This service uses cookies to track visitor behaviour. For further details please visit the privacy policy of Google Analytics.


Google Analytics (Privacy Policy)

Ad Networks
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
We use the following ad networks:


Google Adsense (Privacy Policy)
Tribal Fusion (Privacy Policy)
BuySellAds (Privacy Policy)

Social Networks

Facebook: We display a facebook box with the "I like this" button feature on most pages. (Privacy Policy)

Disable Cookies
It is possible to disable cookies, but this will limit your browsing experience.
Without cookies you can't use the "My Favorite icons" function or the
"Latest icons" function on IconArchive.com.
First (and easy) method: In your browser open a new "Incognito" or "Private mode" window for better privacy.
No tracking is done on your computer and only nondurable session cookies are used.
Second method: Disable Cookies completely in the Preferences of your browser.
Disabling cookies depends on your browser and opererating system, so please do a google search like this one:
"Disable cookies in Chrome on Windows" or
"Disable cookies in Safari on iPhone"

Links to external sites

This site contains links to other sites.
IconArchive.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 


If you have any additional questions or concerns about this policy, please feel free to contact us.


