Applicable terms
NEST Corporation ('we' or 'us') takes your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy policy and our Cookies policy. Together they explain our data protection policy and describe how we’ll use any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us.
All activity on www.nestpensions.org.uk (our website) is logged and monitored to help keep personal information secure and to ensure that NEST complies with its obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 (the DPA) and the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR) from May 2018. By using our website you agree to the collection, use and transfer of the information you provide to us in line with the terms of this Privacy policy.
For the purposes of the DPA and the GDPR, the data controller is National Employment Savings Trust Corporation. Our nominated representative is the head of information security and data protection officer, dpo@nestcorporation.org.uk
The National Employment Savings Trust Corporation is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Changes to the policy
We may change our Privacy policy from time to time. If or when changes are made we’ll include them here, so be sure to check back occasionally.
Our principles

We'll only collect and use your information where we have lawful grounds and legitimate business reasons to do so.
We'll be transparent in our dealings with you and tell you how we’ll collect and use your information.
If we collect your information for a particular purpose we'll only use it for that purpose, unless you’ve been otherwise informed and given your permission where relevant.
We won’t ask for more information than we need for the purposes for which we’re collecting it.
We'll update our records when you tell us that your details have changed.
We'll periodically review your personal information to ensure we don’t keep it for longer than is necessary.
We'll ensure that your information is securely disposed of at the end of the appropriate retention period.
We'll observe your rights under applicable privacy and data protection laws and will ensure that queries relating to privacy issues are dealt with promptly and transparently.
We'll train our staff on their privacy obligations.
We'll ensure we have appropriate physical and technological security measures to protect your information regardless of where it’s held.

Information we hold about you and how we’ll use it
Information you give us
You may give us information about yourself by filling in forms on our website, providing feedback or corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. This includes, for example, information you provide when you do any of the following:

register to use, or visit our website
provide feedback on the website or our services, or report a problem with our website
search for services
enter survey(s) or participate in  research project(s)
for recruitment purposes

The information you give us may include:

your contact details, date of birth, gender
employment and education details
health details
financial information, retirement information and bank details
information on how you use this website (such as your IP address and browser information)

Information we receive from other sources

If you are a member, we receive personal data about you from your employer(s), as per the provisions of the Pensions Act 2008. Such information may include your contact details, date of birth, gender, employment details, health details, or financial  information.
We also work closely with a number of third parties, including sub-contractors, credit checking companies, analytics providers, software providers or payroll providers, and regulatory authorities or government departments, and may receive information about you from them.
We may use this information on its own or combined with any of the information we receive or collect from you for any of the below purposes.

We may use this information:

to administer the NEST scheme, as per our legal obligations under the NEST order and rules
to monitor and improve our service offering to you (including via research activities), as well as to notify you of changes to our website or service. Where we collect information by way of feedback, a survey, or research activities, this will only ever be published anonymously as a combination of responses, rather than individually, unless otherwise agreed with you
to carry out our obligations under any contracts between you and us, and provide you with services and information that you request from us
to provide you with information about other services we offer that are similar to those you’ve already enquired about or received
to provide you with information that you have consented to receive
to monitor the traffic on the website in accordance with our cookie policy
as part of a recruitment process, when applicable

We will retain and process your personal information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Passing on information about you to third parties
To operate effectively as a business we may need to pass your information on to selected and trusted third parties. The third parties we may share information with are:

The Pensions Regulator (TPR) and/or other regulatory or governing bodies for the purposes of compliance monitoring
government bodies, departments or other third parties, and departments for research and statistical purposes
third-party processors
any third party to whom we may need to disclose personal information in order to comply with our legal, regulatory and statutory obligations. This may be as part of a legal process, (for example, in response to a court order or in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where they believe it’s necessary). This could be to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety, property or rights of any person. It could also include non-compliance with our website rules, or as otherwise permitted
any third party where you’ve given your consent

Please be assured that when we outsource any processes we ensure that any supplier or contractor has adequate security measures in place. We’ll also require them to comply with privacy principles as part of our contract with them.
Delegates
Where you’re appointed by any person to manage their account on their behalf, you warrant that you have the full authority of that person to provide us with their personal data for us to use in accordance with this Privacy policy. You’re responsible for ensuring that the person has read and understands the terms of this Privacy policy and agrees to its terms.
Other third party websites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third-party websites, including those of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies. We don’t accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Security and safe storage of your personal information
Once we’ve received your information, we'll use appropriate procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet isn’t completely secure. Although we endeavour to protect your personal data, we can't guarantee the security of data transmitted over the internet. Any transmission of data is at your own risk.
Information supplied by you to us, or that we collect about you, may be transferred, and stored by us, our agents or contractors for the purpose of providing services to you or for research purposes, outside the European Economic Area. Where this occurs we use the model clauses as issued by the European Commission or other appropriate safeguards where applicable. By submitting personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We may monitor the use and content of emails, calls and secure messages sent from and received by us so that we can identify and take legal action against unlawful or improper use of our systems. The main examples of unlawful or improper use are attempting to impersonate NEST Corporation, the transmission of computer viruses and attempts to prevent this website or its services from working.
How can you access, correct your information and withdraw consent?
You’re able to correct the information we hold about you as follows:

If you’re a NEST member you can find out more about the process to correct the information we hold about you at Member FAQs.
If you’re an employer or a NEST Connector, you can find this in our online help centre.
If you aren’t a NEST member, an employer using NEST, or a NEST Connector, you will need to email us at updatemydetails@nestcorporation.org.uk

You’re able to change your preferences relating to marketing communications from NEST and withdraw your consent at any time, as follows:

If you’re a NEST member, an employer using NEST or a NEST Connector you can do this by logging into your online account and changing your preferences.
If you aren’t a NEST member, an employer using NEST, or a NEST Connector, you’ll need to email us at updatemydetails@nestcorporation.org.uk

You may make a request to access your personally identifiable information that’s held by us and maintained in our database. To do this you need to email your request to secretariat@nestcorporation.org.uk
From 25 May 2018, depending on the circumstances, you may also have the right to:

request erasure of personal information we hold about you
request restriction of processing of such information
object to the processing of such information
request a copy of such information in a portable format

If you have concerns about the way we handle your personal data, you can contact the ICO or raise a complaint.
Freedom of information
NEST Corporation is a public authority in its role as a non-departmental public body.
The Freedom of Information Act 2000 gives any person of any nationality, anywhere in the world, the right of access to official information held by public authorities.
Visit our Support and resources section to find out more about what information NEST Corporation publishes, how we respond to information requests and how we handle complaints.
If you'd like to request information about NEST Corporation, please read the FOI guidance notes for applicants (PDF).
To make a request for information under the Freedom of Information Act please send your request to secretariat@nestcorporation.org.uk or to:
Freedom of Information requests
Secretariat
NEST Corporation
Riverside House
Southwark Bridge Road
London
SE1 9HA
Comments and questions
You can send any queries and comments about this Privacy policy by email to secretariat@nestcorporation.org.uk or by mail to Secretariat, NEST Corporation, Riverside House, 2a Southwark Bridge Road, London, SE1 9HA. Please note that if you email this address, or another specific address on the website, it may not always be possible for us to deal directly with your enquiry. We may need to pass this to another government agency to fulfil your request or answer your query.
Last updated: 31 May 2017
