Tricentis Data Privacy Policy
 
Tricentis recognizes and respects your privacy. This Data Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how Tricentis GmbH and its subsidiaries (“Tricentis”) uses personally identifiable information regarding Tricentis website users and customers, such as name, job title, company, address, email address, telephone number and use of our software and services (“Personally Identifiable Information”). Primarily, we collect such information for the purpose of providing you with our software and services.
By using the Tricentis software (“Software”), Tricentis services (“Services”) and any Tricentis website including the support portal (“Website”), you consent to the collection and use of information in the manner described below. If we decide to change our privacy practice, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use them. Please check this page from time to time for changes to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.
In this Privacy Policy, you will find the answers to the following questions:

What Personally Identifiable Information does Tricentis collect?
How does Tricentis use Personally Identifiable Information?
With whom does Tricentis share Personally Identifiable Information?
Does Tricentis use “IP Addresses” and cookies?
What are the safeguards and security procedures in place to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration?
How can you update or correct Personally Identifiable Information?
Other information about privacy.

No Personally Identifiable Information is collected if you visit the Website for informational purposes only, unless you register, have a customer login or you apply for a membership in the Tricentis support portal. Personally Identifiable Information is requested whenever you choose to use Software or Services. The type of Personally Identifiable Information we request has to do specifically with the type of service you are using.
How does Tricentis use Personally Identifiable Information?
Our primary goal in collecting your Personally Identifiable Information is to provide you with a personalized, relevant, user-friendly experience within our Website, Software and Services. Here are the ways we use Personally Identifiable Information to enhance this experience:
Customer Communication: We use Personally Identifiable Information to communicate with you and we consider this communication to be an integral part of the Tricentis service. We use your email, telephone number and mailing address to provide support, inform you of shipments, site improvements, Software improvements and launches and promotional offers.
Customer Satisfaction: We use Personally Identifiable Information to make your experience with our Websites, Software and Services more enjoyable. For example, because we know who you are after you log in, we can present you with personalized information regarding your account. We also know where to email you in case there are any issues we need to address with you.
Customer Convenience: We use Personally Identifiable Information to provide you with the convenience of easy access to our Website  and to improve our Software and Services. When you choose to use the Website for downloading any Software or documentation, we may ask for payment information and for your email address, so we can send you appropriate notification or, for example, create an account for you on the Website. For a purchase, we may ask for final confirmation filling an order. We may also collect information during the ordering experience to make purchasing an easier and better experience for you. For example, if you give us permission to keep your billing information, you won’t have to fill out the shipping and billing address each and every time you make an online purchase.
With whom does Tricentis share Personally Identifiable Information?
Tricentis shares Personally Identifiable Information with third party intermediaries (for example, credit card authorization companies, shipping carriers, merchandise distributors, vendors processing our outbound email communication, etc.) who help us run our Website, Software and/or our Services. Your Personally Identifiable Information is provided to these third parties solely for the purpose of providing you the Website, Software and Services you request at the time that you request them.
You should be aware that Tricentis will share Personally Identifiable Information if required by law (or if necessary to protect its rights or property).
Does Tricentis use “IP Addresses” and cookies?
Tricentis uses IP Addresses and Cookies in limited ways, as follows:
IP Addresses: An IP address is literally your computer’s address and is a unique identifier, allowing online information to be sent to the right place. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information such as geographic distribution of our visitors. We do not intentionally link your IP address to your Personally Identifiable Information.
Tricentis Cookies: Contrary to popular belief, cookies do not extract private or personal information from your computer’s memory. The job of a cookie is to record only information you volunteer to us upon registering or visiting the site. Cookies are tiny files placed onto the hard drive of your computer the first time you visit our Website that enable our server to recognize or “remember” who you are next time you come back. Tricentis cookies are not tied to Personally Identifiable Information. Currently, we intend to make only limited use of cookies for the purpose of delivering content and ads specific to your interests. For instance cookies may be used to retain your personal preferences, hold session information for a “shopping cart” or save your password so it doesn’t have to be re-entered each time you log in.
Advice on Limiting Cookies: You always have a choice with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you can accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set or reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies, you may be unable to use certain Tricentis services. Please consult your browser instructions for information on how to modify your choices about cookies.
What are the safeguards and security procedures in place to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration?
Your Personally Identifiable Information on our Website and Services is password-protected. We strongly recommend that you do not give your password to anyone and that you change it frequently, at least every 3 months.
If you are using a public computer or a shared computer, we strongly recommend that you sign out of your Tricentis account and close your browser before getting up and moving away from the computer. This will prevent others from accessing your account and personal information.
Tricentis employs SSL – a specialized encryption and security technology – to protect your Personally Identifiable Information. We understand that this is especially important when there is an exchange of credit card, billing and password information. In addition, we limit access of Personally Identifiable Information to only those employees who need it to carry out their jobs.
Tricentis will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email.
You will only be asked for your name and password when you initiate the contact and only if the name and password are necessary to correct a service problem.
How can you update or correct Personally Identifiable Information?
Personally Identifiable Information that you provide during purchase is available in your Tricentis account. To edit your Personally Identifiable Information, you must enter your user name and password to access your account. You may edit your account information at any time.
You can also cancel your Tricentis account. If you request cancellation of your account, we may (but are not required to) remove any and all content or other personal information from our records and, if applicable, from the Website. Your account may not be accessible from that date forward, even if you choose to reactivate your account or rejoin at a later date. Information necessary for the purposes of maintaining business records regarding a cancelled account, including records of credit transactions and account ownership, will be retained in accordance with applicable law.
Tosca Diagnostics (Software only)
Tosca Diagnostics is a tool which helps us to improve our Software and your user experience by sending telemetry data on how you use our Software to our servers.
If you use our Software you may be asked to activate Tosca Diagnostics. By doing so you on behalf of the company you are using the Software for, accept the collection and processing of Personally Identifiable Information and you confirm that you have the legal power to do so.
All collected information is anonymized except the name of your company, therefore no personal information of any individuals are stored and/or processed. You have the opportunity to get a copy of the collected data for your company through Tosca Diagnostics.
Google Analytics (Website only)
The Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for Website operators and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Website. By using the Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Links from the Website
If you click away from the Website to visit the site of any third party linked to from the Site, you should be aware that Tricentis has no control over such third party sites and that their owners may have their own privacy and data collection practices. Tricentis has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. You should therefore review their privacy policies carefully if you have concerns about how your information may be used.
Contacting Tricentis
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of or your dealings with our Software, Services and/or our Website, you can contact us at office@tricentis.com.
Status: 08/2016 EN

