
PRIVACY POLICY IN RESPECT OF PERSONAL DATA
The Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (as may be amended from time to time, hereinafter referred to as the "Act"), which regulates the processing of personal data in commercial transactions, applies to MyEG Services Berhad and our related companies (hereinafter collectively referred to as "MYEG", "our", "us" or "we"). For the purpose of this personal data policy, the terms "personal data" and "processing" shall have the meaning prescribed in the Act.
This Privacy Policy applies to any person whose personal data is processed by us and describes our gathering, storing, dissemination and processing practices in respect of such personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to all operations and business units of MYEG. To the extent any operations or business unit of MYEG already has a data protection Privacy Policy in place; this Privacy Policy shall supersede and replace any such notice.
Please read this Privacy Policy to understand how we use and process the personal data we have collected or may collect from you.
By providing your personal data and/or using our site and/or service, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy and the collection, use, access, transfer, storage and processing of your personal data described in this Privacy Policy as modified from time to time by MYEG.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be updated to our site. Any such revised Privacy Policy will continue to apply to all personal data that has previously been collected as well as information that has been stored or processed on an ongoing basis by MYEG. Therefore, you are encouraged to check the version of the Privacy Policy whenever you visit the site for any updates or changes.
If you are under 18, you should ensure that you obtain the consent of your parents or legal guardian before using our services and/or products. If you are a firm, corporation or entity supplying personal data of your partners, directors, shareholders, employees, officers and/or other persons to us, please do ensure that you have obtained their consent and bring this Privacy Policy to their attention.

