
View Archived
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF CODEMASTERS WEBSITES

By accessing this Website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions appearing in this document and you accept our Privacy Policy. If there is anything you do not understand please email any enquiry to custservice@codemasters.com.
In these terms and conditions "We/us/our/Codemasters" means The Codemasters Software Company Limited, "Website" means the website located at www.codemasters.com (or any subsequent URL which may replace it) and all associated websites and micro sites of Codemasters and "You/your" means you as a user of the Website.
You shall not use the Website for any illegal purposes, and you will use it in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to use the Website in a way that may cause the Website to be interrupted, damaged, rendered less efficient or such that the effectiveness or functionality of the Website is in any way impaired; You agree not to attempt any unauthorised access to any part or component of the Website; and You agree that in the event that you have any right, claim or action against any Users arising out of that User's use of the Website, then you will pursue such right, claim or action independently of and without recourse to us.
YOU AGREE TO BE FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR (AND FULLY INDEMNIFY US AGAINST) ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITY, DAMAGES, LOSSES, COSTS AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING LEGAL FEES, SUFFERED BY US AND ARISING OUT OF ANY BREACH OF THE CONDITIONS BY YOU OR ANY OTHER LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, OR THE USE BY ANY OTHER PERSON ACCESSING THE WEBSITE USING YOUR PC OR INTERNET ACCESS ACCOUNT.
We reserve the right to modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part of) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website.
We may alter these terms and conditions from time to time, and your use of the Website (or any part of) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then you must immediately stop using the Website.
The Website is subject to constant change. You will not be eligible for any compensation because you cannot use any part of the Website or because of a failure, suspension or withdrawal of all or part of the Website.
We are not responsible for the availability of any external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for the privacy practices or the content (including misrepresentative or defamatory content) of any third party websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, products or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the Website. We may investigate any reported violation of these Conditions or complaints and take any action that we deem appropriate (which may include, but is not limited to, issuing warnings, suspending, terminating or attaching conditions to your access and/or removing any materials from the Website).
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the Website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of the Website is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content.
The Website is Copyright, The Codemasters Software Company Limited. All rights reserved.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED IN RELATION TO THE ACCURACY OF ANY INFORMATION WE PLACE ON THE WEBSITE. THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR ENDORSEMENT. UNLESS SPECIFIED IN SEPARATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR PRODUCT OR SERVICE, WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN RELATION TO THE WEBSITE, OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE WHETHER BY US OR ON OUR BEHALF (INCLUDING FREE SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS) INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY, SECURITY, ACCURACY, CONDITION OR COMPLETENESS, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OR TRADE.
UNLESS SPECIFIED IN SEPARATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR PRODUCT OR SERVICE, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE WEBSITE OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE WHETHER BY US OR ON OUR BEHALF (INCLUDING FREE SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE WHETHER BY US OR ON OUR BEHALF (INCLUDING FREE SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR BUGS OR ARE FULLY FUNCTIONAL, ACCURATE, OR RELIABLE. WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF CONTENT OR MATERIAL AS A RESULT OF UPLOADING TO OR DOWNLOADING FROM THE WEBSITE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE CANNOT GUARANTEE AND THEREFORE SHALL NOT BE IN ANY WAY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SECURITY OR PRIVACY OF THE WEBSITE AND ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED TO OR TAKEN FROM THE WEBSITE BY YOU.
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE, IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE), PRE-CONTRACT OR OTHER REPRESENTATIONS (OTHER THAN FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATIONS) OR OTHERWISE OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE WHETHER BY US OR ON OUR BEHALF (INCLUDING FREE SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS) FOR ANY ECONOMIC LOSSES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF REVENUES, PROFITS, CONTRACTS, BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS) OR ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION, OR ANY LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, OR ANY SPECIAL OR INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES; IN ANY CASE WHETHER OR NOT SUCH LOSSES WERE WITHIN THE CONTEMPLATION OF EITHER OF US AT THE DATE ON WHICH THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LOSS OCCURRED.
We will not be liable in contract, tort or otherwise if you incur loss or damage connecting to the Website through a third party's hypertext link.
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions, nothing shall limit your rights as a consumer under English law where or insofar as such rights cannot be derogated from by contract.
Nothing in the Conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees.
If any part of the Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from these Conditions and shall not effect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the Conditions.
Nothing shall be construed as a waiver by us of any preceding or succeeding breach of any provision.
These Conditions and documents referred to herein (as amended from time to time) contain the entire agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter covered and supersede any previous agreements, arrangements, undertakings or proposals, written or oral, between you and us in relation to such matters. No oral explanation or oral information given by either of us shall alter the interpretation of these Conditions. You confirm that, in agreeing to accept these Conditions, you have not relied on any representation save insofar as the same has expressly been made a representation in these Conditions and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any misrepresentation which has not become a term of these Conditions save that your agreement contained in this Clause shall not apply in respect of any fraudulent misrepresentation whether or not such has become a term of these Conditions.
You agree to the terms of our privacy policy.
These Conditions will be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales whose Courts will have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute, save that we have the right, at our sole discretion, to commence and pursue proceedings in alternative jurisdictions.
You may send us notices under or in connection with these Conditions by post to Lower Farm, Stoneythorpe, Southam, Warwickshire, United Kingdom; by fax to +44 (0)1926 817 357, by telephone to +44 (0)1926 814 132 or by email to custservice@codemasters.com. As proof of sending does not guarantee our receipt of your notice, you must ensure that you have received an acknowledgement from us, which should be retained by you.

RULES FOR THE USE OF CODEMASTERS' FORUMS
As a user of Codemasters forum, chat room or message board ("Online Services") you confirm that you have read, understand and agree to these Rules, Codemasters' Terms and Conditions Of Use of its website and you agree to the terms of Codemasters' Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, do not use Codemasters' Online Services, or if you are already using Codemasters' Online Services, please stop immediately.
Codemasters' Online Services are not actively monitored and Codemasters is not responsible for the content of any messages that are posted. Codemasters has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the Online Services. Codemasters does not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not the views of Codemasters. Codemasters reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, delete, or refuse to post any message or thread for any reason whatsoever.
Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable should contact Codemasters by sending an email to custservice@codemasters.com
You agree that you will not upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that may infringe any person or entity's intellectual property rights (including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyright or other intellectual or other property right).
You agree not to upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material which (a) is defamatory, libellous, disruptive, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, harmful, abusive, harassing, obscene, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; or that otherwise violates any law, (b) contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, (c) may infringe any person or entity's intellectual property rights (including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyright or other intellectual or other property right). By posting any material, you confirm, represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such material.
By posting any material, you confirm, represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such material.
You will not impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
You agree not to repeatedly post the same or similar message ("flooding") or post excessively large or inappropriate images.
Without Codemasters' written permission you will not distribute or publish unsolicited promotions, advertising or solicitations for funds, goods or services, including but not limited to, junk mail, spam and chain letters.
Postings to Online Services become public information. You should be very careful about posting personally identifiable information such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. If you post personal information online, you may receive unsolicited messages from other users in return.
Codemasters reserves the right to issue warnings, suspend or terminate the registration of users who refuse to comply with these rules. Codemasters may modify these rules from time to time and such modifications will be effective and binding on you when posted online.
You will remain solely liable for the content of any messages or other information you upload or transmit.
By using Codemasters' Online Services, you grant Codemasters the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sub licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display the content you post to publicly accessible areas of the Codemasters.com site.
Codemasters may investigate any reported violation of its policies or complaints and take any action that it deems appropriate. Such action may include, but is not limited to, issuing warnings, removing posted content and/or reporting any activity that is suspects violates any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties.
Recognising the global reach of the internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
WE TAKE PRECAUTIONS WITH CUSTOMER INFORMATION AND PERSONAL DATA, HOWEVER, EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM OUR NEGLIGENCE, WE DO NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM ANY SECURITY BREACHES THAT MAY OCCUR.

PRIVACY POLICY - Codemasters EUROPEAN PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated 17th May 2018
Codemasters respects your privacy. This document explains our policy relating to your personal data that is provided to us. 'Codemasters' is the trading name of The Codemasters Software Company Limited whose registered office and headquarters are at Codemasters Campus, Stoneythorpe, Southam CV47 2DL, United Kingdom. The website is www.codemasters.com (the "Site"). By using this Site you agree:

that all personal data that you supply to us will be true, complete and accurate in all respects;
to notify us immediately of any changes to that personal data; and
to us and our service providers using your personal data as outlined in this privacy policy.

We will deal with your personal data in compliance with current UK data protection legislation. Please note this Policy applies only to the Site and not to other companies' or organisations' websites to which we may link. Personal data will be collected, processed and used by Codemasters for the purposes of providing Codemasters' services and products to you and the other purposes mentioned below. You can contact us using the information in the contact us section.
Your personal data
Codemasters intends to comply with all applicable privacy regulations that apply in the territories in which the company operates.
Codemasters understands your concerns about the privacy of data you may provide to us, to a third party representative acting on our behalf (a list of our third party representatives can be provided on request) or which we obtain through your use of the Codemasters Website (“Site“) or the services we provide to our prospective clients and clients ("Services").  This Notice is not intended to override the terms of any contract you have with us, nor any rights which you may have available under applicable data protection laws.
Information we may collect
We may collect the following information about you:

your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and location;
registration and usage information (including account details and passwords);
information about your visits to our Site (including traffic data, location data, weblogs, browsing history, clickstream data and date/time stamps) (collected automatically when you visit);
information about your device (including device ID, device type and model, operating system and software types and versions, language, browser type and display type, MAC address, IP address and bundle ID) (collected automatically when you visit);
demographic and profile data and analytical game data (data points collected vary by product);
details of correspondence with you (including any comments or feedback provided by you about our Site).

How we use the information we collect
Where relevant under applicable laws, the use of your Personal Data will be justified by at least a condition for processing. In the majority of cases this condition will be that:

You have provided your consent to us using the Personal Information in that way for example where you provide us with consent to send you marketing communication about our products and services;
Our use of your Personal Information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organisation. For example, we use cookies to track information about how the Site is used in order to continually improve its layout based on how you and other users interact with its content, and to personalise it to the user (for example, by showing content or a language which is relevant to your geographic location), provided it is conducted at all times in a way that is proportionate, and that respects your privacy rights;
Our use of your Personal Information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (e.g. to manage your account); and/or
Our use of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation.

We may use the information that we collect about you for the following purposes:

to answer your specific enquiry or respond to your complaints. For example if you contact us with a technical question, we will use your contact information and technical information in resolving the issue
providing and managing the services that we offer, including where you register for the same;
allowing you to participate in our Site features, activities
account verification and clearance;
Direct marketing letting you know about products and services that may be of particular interest to you. With your permission we may also provide you with information from third parties that we think may be of interest to you. If you would rather not receive this information (opt out), please visit the website or send an e-mail to: privacy@Codemasters.com
administering surveys and opinion polls. Participation is always voluntary and on occasion we may offer an opportunity to win prizes as a thank you for your time and effort
managing Codemasters' competitions and/or promotions and your registration for the same. Our competitions and promotions may be subject to additional terms and conditions (which may also involve how we handle your personal data). You should read any applicable terms and conditions before entering our competitions or promotions;
analytics. Our success relies on us producing games that our customers want to play. To help us to ensure we make the very best games we may collect and analyse the data that we hold to find out what is most likely to appeal to individual customers, web-site users and enhance Codemasters games this information will also enable us to detect cheating and activities that ruin the experience of players using our games.
business and website analysis and improvement;
on-site and in-app advertising and promotion of our goods and services and those of our service providers and trusted third parties; and
website, system administration and account verification
Leader boards, nicknames and club name / club information
to answer or satisfy legal or regulatory requirements

Visitors to our web sites
On our Site, Personal Information (such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address) is collected when you voluntarily submit it through a Site form, such as during a request for product information or a download of a study or white paper. Other information that may also constitute Personal Information (such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, domain name, number of times you visited the Site, dates you visited the Site, and the amount of time you spent viewing the Site) may be collected via cookies and other tracking technologies (such as transparent GIF files). Aggregate Information (such as how many times visitors log onto this Site) may also be collected.
Representatives of prospective and existing clients
We may collect, store and process Personal Information of clients of Codemasters, solely on our customer's behalf and at their direction. For such purposes, we serve as and shall be considered as a controller of such personal information.
Personal Information may also be collected directly by us or by our representative when you enter into a contract with us or contact us to make enquiries or complaints via telephone, email or by post.  We or a Codemasters representative may collect your business contact details and information about your profession or your employees, as well as information about you if you attend meetings or events or sign up to our newsletters.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal data from or about children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years old, you must not provide any information about yourself or your friends via this Site (including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use).
You are responsible for all use made of the Site via your device. If we learn or have reason to believe that we have collected or received personal data from or about a child under 13 without verified parental consent, we will delete that information and may take action to prevent any further information being collected about them (including restricting access to and/or use of the Site from your device). If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years old, please contact us using the contact details below.
Security
Codemasters has implemented measures to keep your personal data secure. However, we cannot guarantee that the personal data that is transmitted via the Internet is totally secure. Sharing your personal data via the Internet is done at your own risk.
If you are a registered user, you are responsible for keeping your password confidential. You should not share your password with anyone.
Sharing your personal data
We may share your personal data with our service providers for the purposes outlined in this policy. Our service providers include tech entities that provide Codemasters with software development kit ("SDK") or other services. Typical service providers that we may use include (not an exhaustive list):

Flurry Analytics. Please read the Flurry Privacy Policy, which can be found via the their main web site at http://www.flurry.com, to understand how your data is used by Flurry;
Medium Entertainment, Inc. which provides the PlayHaven platform. Please read the PlayHaven Privacy Policy to understand how your data is used by Media Entertainment, Inc., this can be found via their main web site at http://www.playhaven.com;
Fuse Powered Inc. Please read the Fuse Privacy Policy to understand how your data is used by Fuse Powered Inc., this can be found via their main web site at https://www.fusepowered.com;
Chartboost, Inc. To find out more about Chartboost's services and to see their privacy policy, please visit their website at https://www.chartboost.com;
Tapjoy. To find out more about Tapjoy's services, please visit their website: http://www.tapjoy.com/; 
Gamesparks. To find out more about Gamesparks' services, please visit their website: http://www.gamesparks.com/.

These service providers may also handle your personal data in accordance with their own privacy policies. Before submitting any information via the Site, you should take a look at these web links to make sure you are comfortable with the way your personal information will be used. By using the Site, you consent to the use of your personal information by these service providers as outlined in their respective privacy policies.
Your information may be shared with advertisers to provide you with targeted and relevant advertising. Aggregate information about users may be provided to third parties: this will not identify you individually to those third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal information without your permission (other than as part of a sale of the whole or a substantial part of the assets of Codemasters).
Codemasters may also disclose your personal data if it believes such action is necessary to:

conform with a legal requirement or request from an appropriate law enforcement organisation or comply with the legal process
to enforce the terms and conditions of our Site or any other agreement; or
protect and defend the rights or property of Codemasters, or the interests of its users and or any third parties

We work with third parties to help manage our business and deliver services. We and our service providers (as defined below) disclose and share your Personal Information:

among Codemasters and our Affiliates;
to third party service providers (“Service Providers”) that perform services for us or on our behalf (including those which may process job applicant information, host investor relations content, provide courier services, [help manage our IT and back office systems,]or distribute marketing materials ). Such Service Providers are required under their contract with us, to handle your Personal Information in accordance with applicable laws and principles related to privacy and data protection;
to a third party in connection with a proposed or actual sale, merger, or transfer of all or a portion of a business or division; and
to other persons where we are under a legal obligation to disclose your Personal Information, and only as permitted or required by applicable law or regulation. Such disclosure could be made to courts, to respond to lawful requests by public authorities, regulators and law enforcement agencies in the European Union and around the world or to protect and defend our rights or property.

International Transfers
Codemasters Affiliates and Service Providers are located throughout the world. Accordingly, your Personal Data may be sent to countries which have different levels of data protection laws than your country of residence. For instance, if you inquire about services we provide outside the UK, we will forward your inquiry to the appropriate offices in such countries. We may also make other disclosures of your Personal Information overseas, for example if we receive a legal or regulatory request from a foreign law enforcement body.
We will always take steps to ensure that any international transfer of information is carefully managed to protect your rights and interests

we will only transfer your Personal Information to countries which are recognised as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangements are in place to protect your privacy rights,
any requests for information we receive from law enforcement or regulators will be carefully checked before Personal Information is disclosed

We will, on request, provide you with further details regarding the categories of recipient of your Personal Information and the countries to which your Personal Information may be transferred. You have the right to ask us for more information about the safeguards we have put in place as mentioned above. Contact us as set out in contact us section if you would like further information
How we protect and store your information
We take the security of the information we collect seriously. We have implemented and we maintain technical and organisational security measures, policies and procedures intended to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorized disclosure or access to such information appropriate to the nature of the data concerned. Some of the steps we take are: placing confidentiality requirements on our staff members and Service Providers; destroying or permanently anonymising Personal Information if it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected.
Retention of your personal information
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as explained in this Notice. In some circumstances we may retain your Personal Information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements.
In specific circumstances we may retain your Personal Information for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your Personal Information or dealings.
Where we have obtained your Personal Information in order to provide you with marketing information for our services, it will be stored by us only as long as you do not change your mind to receive such materials from Codemasters, in order to avoid future contact with you for marketing purposes. We maintain a data retention notice which we apply to records in our care. Where your Personal Information is no longer required we will ensure that it is securely deleted.
Links and Third Parties web sites
In addition to the information collected offline, this Notice applies to the Personal Information collected on this Site. This Site includes links to both our affiliated web sites and to non-affiliated web sites, including access to content, products and services of such affiliated and non-affiliated sites. In some cases, these other sites are made available via “seamless experience” technology, and may appear to be part of our Site. Although some of the entities controlling these sites are under contract with us, not all of them are, so we advise you to familiarise yourself with the individual privacy notice and other terms for each linked web site prior to submitting your Personal Information. We are not responsible for and do not have control over their terms of use or privacy notices, have not reviewed them  and we do not accept any liability with respect to the content of these web sites or how they use, store or secure your Personal Information.
Third Party Advertisements
We may use third party advertisements on this Site. Cookies and other tracking technologies may be associated with these advertisements. Note: Codemasters is not responsible for the functionality of and actions taken by cookies and other tracking technologies created and placed by our third party service providers. In relation to these cookies and tracking technologies, the third party service providers are the data controllers and we advise you to familiarise yourself with their individual privacy policies
Rights and how to opt out or request changes
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to your Personal Data.

To access personal data
To rectify / erase personal data
To restrict the processing of your personal data 
To transfer your personal data
To object to the processing of personal data 
Right to object to how we use your personal data for direct marketing purposes
Right to obtain a copy of safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdiction
Right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority

We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the Personal Information requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. 
You can exercise your rights by contacting us.  We will make every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request.
We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.
Notifications of changes
We recommend that you check this Notice every time you visit our Site or provide us with your Personal Information offline as we may update this Notice from time to time, by posting the amended Notice on this Site. Any changes will be effective when posted and your continued use of the Site or not objecting to the use of your Personal Information will indicate your acknowledgement of any changes. 
Questions regarding this Notice
If you have questions concerning this Notice, please contact our website at www.codemasters.com
General
If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the Site, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
From time to time, this Site may include links to other web sites. We may not be operating the linked sites and we do not endorse the contents, views or products of the linked sites. We do not accept any responsibility for use of the linked sites. You are advised to use linked sites with caution and with due regard to any terms of use on those sites. If you transfer to other sites by using a link from our Site to theirs we may receive aggregate or otherwise anonymous statistical information about your trip and any purchases you may make on those sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or content of other web sites and your visit to those sites is not protected by our privacy policy.
It is important for you to let us know if you think that the data we have about you is inaccurate or incomplete. You may remove, change or modify information from our database by emailing: Privacy@Codemasters.com. You may also contact us at this email address if you wish to exercise your right to access your personal data.
If you have any questions about the handling or protection of your personal data or your rights under this privacy policy please contact customer services by writing to Codemasters Customer Services at the address below or email to: Privacy@Codemasters.com
Codemasters Campus, Stoneythorpe, Southam CV47 2DL, United Kingdom.
Cookie Information
We use cookies (information stored by your browser) to track information on the pages read by visitors to our sites to improve the content and offerings on our sites. Cookies are small text files that websites can send to your computer. A cookie can be thought of as an internet user’s identification card, which tells a website when the user has returned. The cookies we use are “analytical” cookies.
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and see how visitors move around our sites when they are using them. Read more about the individual analytical cookies we use and how to recognise them at aboutcookies.codemasters.com. Although we cannot identify individuals from this information, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
The European Union Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications 2003, as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendment) Regulations 2016 (the "Directive"), recognises that cookies are a "legitimate and useful tool" for many activities, including verifying the identity of website users. The Directive makes it compulsory for websites to inform users if cookies are being used (which is exactly what we are doing here!), and to provide some information on how cookies are used.
You can find more information on this subject at www.allaboutcookies.org. Lastly, the Directive places an obligation on websites to make users aware that they can set their computers to reject cookies. You can do this by activating a setting in your internet browser to reject all cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. You can find instructions on how to do this at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you first access our websites. However, you should be aware that our websites will not work without cookies and therefore we recommend you leave them turned on.

COOKIE INFORMATION
We use cookies (information stored by your browser) to track information on the pages read by visitors to our sites to improve the content and offerings on our sites. Cookies are small text files that websites can send to your computer. A cookie can be thought of as an internet user’s identification card, which tells a website when the user has returned. The cookies we use are “analytical” cookies.
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and see how visitors move around our sites when they are using them. Read more about the individual analytical cookies we use and how to recognise them at aboutcookies.codemasters.com. Although we cannot identify individuals from this information, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
The European Union Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications 2003, as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendment) Regulations 2011 (the "Directive"), recognises that cookies are a "legitimate and useful tool" for many activities, including verifying the identity of website users. The Directive makes it compulsory for websites to inform users if cookies are being used (which is exactly what we are doing here!), and to provide some information on how cookies are used.
You can find more information on this subject at www.allaboutcookies.org. Lastly, the Directive places an obligation on websites to make users aware that they can set their computers to reject cookies. You can do this by activating a setting in your internet browser to reject all cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. You can find instructions on how to do this at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you first access our websites. However, you should be aware that our websites will not work without cookies and therefore we recommend you leave them turned on.

Codemasters Accounts Naming Policy
When selecting a display name for a Codemasters Account, online game, service, character, team name or object, please be aware of the following restrictions that are NOT appropriate for use:

Names of historical or religious significance.
Common names or references to drug related substances, culture or paraphernalia.
Sexually explicit, defamatory, obscene, racially or ethnically offensive names or slang.
Globally popular registered trademark names of products, goods, materials or services.
Names likely to cause harm, mockery or imitation of Codemasters, its employees, partners or third-party agents, or which are defamatory towards or may cause offence or harm to any such organisation or any person employed by them.
Names causing mockery or imitation of any Codemasters in-game personality or character.
Misspelled variations or homonyms of any of the above rules.

In certain Codemasters online games, it may be possible for you to purchase a rename for one or more of your avatars via the game shop. Should you choose to do this then all of the above policies still apply. Should Codemasters change the name of an avatar in violation of the above policy as a result of a shop purchase no reimbursement of the purchase price will be given.
Naming Policy Enforcement
If any of your display names, or game avatars are in violation of any of the above naming rules, the Codemasters Accounts Support Team reserves the right to either:

Change the name to a more suitable alternative. Codemasters will not engage in any dialogue regarding further changes to renamed avatars and the decision of the Codemasters Accounts Support team will be final.
Temporarily suspend or permanently ban, without notice, your account.


Codemasters Terms of Service for applications downloaded for iOS devices through the Apple Store

     

    1.1               
    This is a legal agreement between you
        and The Codemasters Software Company Limited ("Codemasters", or "we").
    


    1.2               
    The games, products and services (collectively,
        “Applications”), including any updates of such Applications, that we provide to
        you via mobile application stores (each “the Store”), operated by Apple, Amazon,
        Google, Facebook and/or Samsung (each, as applicable, the "Store Operator"),
        are subject to the following Terms of Service ("Terms of Service"). We
        reserve the right to modify and update these Terms of Service at any time with or
        without notice to you. Such modifications and updates shall be effective upon your
        first use of the Application(s) after Codemasters makes them available for your
        review. These Terms of Service are in addition to and do not replace the End User
        Licence Agreement that accompany a download of a Codemasters' game (the "EULA")
        from the Store.
        


    1.3               
    Users are responsible for regularly reviewing
        these Terms of Service. The most current version of the Terms of Service can be
        reviewed by clicking on the "Terms of Service" hypertext link on the Store.
        If you do not agree to these Terms of Service or any changes or updates, your only
        remedy is not to use the Application. Your continued use of the Application after
        a change or update has been made to the Terms of Service will constitute your acceptance
        of such change or update. 


    1.4               
    If you violate our Terms of Service, we
        may issue you a warning about the violation, or we may choose to immediately terminate
        or suspend any and all accounts that you have established. You acknowledge that
        Codemasters is not required to provide you notice before terminating or suspending
        your account, but it may choose to do so. 


    1.5               
    Codemasters reserves the right to deny,
        in its sole discretion, any user access to the Application(s) without notice for
        any or no reason (including, without limitation, for violation of these Terms of
        Service). 


    2.                  
    Setting Up Your User Account

    2.1               
    If any of the Applications require you
        to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing us with
        current, complete and accurate information (including your email address) as prompted
        by the applicable registration form. If you access any of the Applications through
        Facebook, your account will automatically be completed with your Facebook ID, your
        Facebook user display name and your Game Centre ID.

    2.2              
    You may also be asked to choose a password
        and a user/account name. You may not use a login name or Game Centre ID that is
        used by someone else, is vulgar, offensive or otherwise violates (as determined
        by Codemasters in our sole discretion) any applicable Codemasters or game specific
        naming policy, infringes any trademark or other proprietary rights of others, or
        is used in any way that violates the Terms of Service. 


    2.3              
    You are entirely responsible for maintaining
        the confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely
        responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree
        to notify Codemasters immediately of any unauthorised use or theft of your account
        or any other breach of security (and to provide properly documented evidence as
        reasonably requested by Codemasters). 


    2.4              
    We will not be liable for any loss that
        you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or otherwise accessing
        your account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you will be liable
        for losses incurred by Codemasters or another party due to someone else using your
        account or password. You may not use anyone else's account at any time. 


    3.                  
    Security

    3.1               
    Your membership or subscription is personal
        to you. You may not share the account with anyone else, except that if you are a
        parent or guardian, you may permit one (1) minor child to use your account when
        not in use by you. You acknowledge and agree that your account details may not be
        transferred (whether for monetary consideration or not) to anyone else. Any distribution
        or transfer by you of your account name and password will result in cancellation
        of your subscription without refund and additional charges based on unauthorised
        use.

    3.2              
    Although Applications or Store Operators
        may offer a feature that allows you to "remember" your password and thereby
        bypass the password protection, this feature makes it possible for third parties
        to access your account and user name. Use of this password bypass feature and any
        consequences thereof will be at your own risk.

    3.3              
    Codemasters will take all reasonable and
        practical steps to ensure the security of your account and information provided
        by you in relation to your use of the Applications. Codemasters will comply with
        all relevant requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 in relation to all user
        information provided either by you or the relevant Store Operator in connection
        with your account or use of the Applications.

    3.4              
    You understand that system specifications
        necessary to access Applications may continuously evolve over time. Accordingly,
        Codemasters reserves the right to modify and/or increase the system specifications
        necessary to access the Application(s) at any time and without prior notice.

    4.                  
    POINTS 


    4.1               
    You may obtain in-game currency (“Points”)
        for use in connection with an Application, either by making progress within the
        Application or through purchasing Points from the Store. You hereby agree to pay
        any and all charges incurred by the purchase of Points from your account, including
        taxes, in accordance with these Terms of Service and the billing terms for access
        to the Store that are in effect at the time that the charge becomes payable.

    4.2              
    These points may be used, at Codemasters'
        discretion, to exchange for virtual goods, services and improvements within an Application.
        Points are not your personal property and have no monetary value. Codemasters and/or
        the Store Operator may restrict or terminate your ability to acquire or redeem Points
        at its sole discretion and you acknowledge you have no rights in, or to any points
        whether these are related to your account or not.

    4.3              
    Codemasters and/or the Store Operator
        reserve the right to delete Points from your account for any reason, including,
        without limitation, your failure to comply with this Agreement.

    4.4              
    Codemasters and/or the Store Operator
        reserve the right to discontinue, modify or remove from your account any services,
        virtual goods or improvements offered by Codemasters and such services, virtual
        goods or improvements offered by Codemasters in exchange for Points may be discontinued,
        modified or removed from your account at any time in its sole and absolute discretion.

    4.5              
    Codemasters and/or the Store Operator
        may discontinue the Points program at any time, and Codemasters and/or the Store
        Operator has no obligation to continue making offers available for the redemption
        of Points. Points are non-transferable and non-exchangeable, and any purported transfer
        or exchange of Points with an entity other than the Store Operator is null and void.
        The Store Operator may restrict the award or use of Points based on your country
        of residence or other factors.

    5.                  
    Fees Charged by Third-Party Sites

    5.1               
    Codemasters and/or the Store Operator
        may provide links to other web sites. Some of these web sites may charge separate
        fees. Codemasters may also provide access to third-party vendors who provide content,
        goods and/or services on the Internet. Any separate charges or obligations you incur
        in your dealings with these third parties are your responsibility. Codemasters makes
        no representation or warranty regarding any content, goods and/or services provided
        by any third-party.

    6.                  
    Limitations On Your Use Of The APPLICATION

    6.1               
    Your licence to use the Application is
        limited by these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy and the End User Licence Agreement
        ("EULA") which you will have been required to accept prior to downloading
        any of our Applications from the Store. All software made available to download
        or otherwise to access the Application (the "Software") is the copyrighted
        work of Codemasters and/or its licensors. For any Software made available to download
        or otherwise access the Application which is not accompanied by or otherwise covered
        by the EULA, Codemasters hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
        revocable, limited scope licence to use the Software solely for the purpose of viewing
        and using the Application and for no other purpose whatsoever.

    6.2              
    You may not modify, copy, distribute,
        transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works
        from, adapt, translate, transfer, buy, auction, rent, lease, loan or sell any game
        assets (including, without limitation, your account, characters, housing, items,
        credits, currency, coin or any other virtual in-game items or other materials appearing
        in or generated by the Application), information, software, products or services
        obtained from the Application, without the express written consent of Codemasters.
        You hereby acknowledge and agree that you have no proprietary interest in any account,
        characters, housing, items, credits, currency, coin or any other virtual in-game
        items or any other materials appearing in or generated by the Application. You may
        not use any software or hardware that reduces the number of users directly accessing
        or using the Applications. You further agree not to create or provide any means
        other than through the Store by which Codemasters' Applications may be accessed
        – for example, through mirror sites or server emulators.

    6.3              
    As a condition of your use of the Application,
        you will not use the Application for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited
        by the terms, conditions, and notices included in these Terms of Service or the
        EULA. You may not use the Application in any manner that could damage, disable,
        overburden, or impair the operation of the Store, any Codemasters server, the network(s)
        connected to any Codemasters server, or interfere with any other party's use and
        enjoyment of any Application. You may not attempt to gain unauthorised access to
        any services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Codemasters
        server, the Store or to any of the Applications, through hacking, password mining
        or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information
        through any means not intentionally made available through the Applications. You
        may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any Software, including any proprietary
        communications protocol used by such Software.

    7.                  
    Rules Of Conduct

    7.1               
    The Applications may contain e-mail services,
        bulletin board services, chat areas (text and voice), news groups, forums, communities,
        personal web pages, calendars, photo albums, file cabinets and/or other message
        or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with others (the
        "Communication Services"). You agree to use the Communication Services
        only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and, when applicable,
        related to the particular Communication Service. Codemasters has no obligation to
        monitor the Communication Services. However, Codemasters reserves the right to review
        materials posted to the Communication Services and to remove any materials at any
        time, without notice, for any reason and in its sole discretion. Codemasters reserves
        the right to terminate or suspend your access to any or all of the Communication
        Services at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever. You acknowledge
        that chats, postings, conferences and other communications by users are not controlled
        or endorsed by Codemasters, and such communications shall not be considered reviewed,
        screened or approved by Codemasters. Statements made in forums, conferences, bulletin
        boards and chats reflect only the views of their authors. Codemasters specifically
        disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions
        resulting from your participation in any Communication Services. Managers and hosts
        are not authorised Codemasters spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily
        reflect those of Codemasters.

    7.2              
    You acknowledge and agree that your communications
        with other users via the Communications Services are public and not private communications,
        and that you have no expectation of privacy concerning your use of these Communications
        Services. You acknowledge that personal information that you communicate on the
        Communications Services may be seen and used by others and result in unsolicited
        communications; therefore, we strongly encourage you not to disclose any personal
        information about yourself in your public communications on the Application. Codemasters
        is not responsible for information that you choose to communicate to other users
        via the Communications Services, or for the actions of other users.

    7.3              
    Codemasters reserves the right at all
        times to disclose any information or materials found on the Communications Services
        as Codemasters deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal
        process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any such
        information or materials, in whole or in part, in Codemasters' sole discretion.

    7.4              
    In furtherance of the foregoing, and by
        way of example and not as a limitation, you agree that you may not access or use
        the Applications and/or related Communication Services, in order to: 


    7.4.1               
    Use such Applications
        in connection with surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email,
        spamming, unsolicited messages (whether commercial or otherwise) or distributed
        denial of service attacks;

    7.4.2               
    Defame, abuse, harass,
        stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (including but not limited
        to rights of privacy and publicity) of others; 


    7.4.3               
    Publish, post, upload,
        transmit, distribute or disseminate Content that is harmful, abusive, vulgar, sexually
        explicit, defamatory, libellous, obscene, infringing, embarrassing, unwanted, invasive
        of another's right of privacy or publicity, hateful or racially, ethnically or,
        in a reasonable person's view, otherwise offensive or objectionable; 


    7.4.4               
    Use, upload, transmit,
        distribute or otherwise make available any material or information, including images
        or photographs, which are made available through such Applications in any manner
        that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other right of
        any party (including rights of privacy or publicity); 


    7.4.5               
    Upload files that
        contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or
        data, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of
        the Application or other users' computer; 


    7.4.6               
    Except as expressly
        authorised by Codemasters, advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services
        for any purpose, unless the Application specifically allows such messages; 


    7.4.7               
    Falsify, delete or
        disable any copyright management information, such as author attributions, legal
        or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source
        of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded; 


    7.4.8              
    Restrict or inhibit
        any other user from using and enjoying the Applications. For example, disrupting
        the flow of chat in chat rooms with vulgar language, abusiveness, hitting the return
        key repeatedly, inputting excessively large images so the screen goes by too fast
        to read, use of excessive SHOUTING (all caps) in an attempt to disturb other users,
        "spamming," or flooding (continuous posting repetitive text), are prohibited;

    7.4.9               
    Collect in any way
        personal information about others, including e-mail addresses, or use such information
        to send unsolicited emails; 


    7.4.10           
    Violate any applicable
        laws or regulations, or promote or encourage any illegal activity including, without
        limitation, hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software, or cheats
        or hacks for the Applications or the Software; 


    7.4.11            
    Impersonate or create
        a false identity (including but not limited to identities such as a celebrity or
        Codemasters representative) for the purpose of misleading others; 


    7.4.12            
    Use, download or
        otherwise copy or provide (whether or not for a fee) to a person or entity any directory
        of users of such Applications or other user or usage information or any portion
        thereof; 


    7.4.13            
    Attempt to get a
        password, other account information, or other private information from a member
        or any other user of such Applications; 


    7.4.14            
    Improperly use in-game
        support or complaint buttons or make false reports to Codemasters administrators;
    


    7.4.15            
    Use, develop or distribute
        "auto" software programs, "macro" software programs or other
        "cheat utility" software programs or applications in violation of the
        applicable Licence Agreements; 


    7.4.16            
    Use a bulletin board
        or other Communications Service in any manner other than for personal communication
        as an individual user (i.e. not as a corporation or other entity); 


    7.4.17            
    Use the Applications
        or Software to resell or make any commercial use of Codemasters’ websites, Applications
        or Software, or otherwise commercially exploit the same, without the prior express
        written consent of Codemasters; 


    7.4.18           
    Use the Applications
        for fraudulent transactions including, without limitation, in-game virtual transactions;
        or

    7.4.19            
    Sell, buy, or transfer
        access to your account.

    7.5              
    You will not exploit, distribute or publicly
        communicate any game error, miscue or bug which gives an unintended advantage.

    7.6              
    Where applicable each user will either
        select a character name or allow Codemasters to automatically select a character
        name at random. Users may form "guilds" and such guilds will be required
        to choose a name for such guild. Whether users create a character name, create a
        guild, or otherwise create a label that can be used by players of Codemasters' games,
        users will abide by the following guidelines contained in these Terms of Service.
        Users will not use a name which (a) belongs to another person with the intent to
        impersonate that person; (b) contains, or is substantially similar to a trademark
        or service mark, whether registered or not; (c) that incorporates a ‘swear' word
        or is otherwise offensive, vulgar, obscene, hateful, or racially, ethnically or
        otherwise objectionable; (d) belongs to a popular culture figure, celebrity or media
        person; (e) belongs to any religious figure or deity; (f) comprises gibberish; (g)
        in any way infringes these Terms of Service.

    8.                 
    User Content

    8.1              
    By "Content," we mean the software,
        communications, images, sounds, user Facebook IDs, Facebook user display names,
        Game Centre IDs and all the material and information you see on the Applications,
        whether provided by Codemasters or by users of the Application. Codemasters does
        not pre-screen all Content. You bear the entire risk of the completeness, accuracy
        or usefulness of Content found on the Application. 


    8.2              
    Strong or vulgar language, crude or explicit
        sexual references, discussions of illegal drugs, and hate speech are always inappropriate
        Content for the Applications. Content standards may vary depending on the type of
        game you are playing and the expectations of the community. Some game play and chat
        rooms may involve use of stronger language than others.

    8.3              
    Codemasters representatives may monitor
        your communications through the Applications. But we cannot monitor all of the Content
        on the Applications, and we do not attempt to do so. If you encounter something
        you find objectionable and in violation of these Terms of Service or the applicable
        Licence Agreement, you can report it to the game support or community relations
        contact for the area in which the incident occurred. Codemasters does not endorse,
        approve, or pre-screen any Content that you or other third parties communicate on
        the Applications. Codemasters does not assume any responsibility or liability for
        Content that is generated by members or other guests on the Applications.

    8.4              
    Codemasters and its designees shall have
        the right, but not the obligation, in their sole discretion to edit, refuse to post,
        or remove any Content posted in any Application. Without limiting the foregoing,
        Codemasters and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that is
        in violation of the provisions hereof or otherwise objectionable.

    8.5              
    You acknowledge and agree that all characters
        created and items acquired and developed as a result of game play are part of the
        Application and applicable game Software and are the sole property of Codemasters
        and/or its licensors. You acknowledge that: (i) such Applications and Software permit
        access to Content that is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary
        rights owned by Codemasters, and/or its licensors (collectively, "Rights"),
        and (ii) these Rights are valid and protected in all media existing now or later
        developed, and (iii) except as is explicitly provided otherwise, your use of Content
        shall be governed by the copyright laws of England and Wales and other applicable
        laws. You agree that you may upload or otherwise transmit on or through the Application
        only Content that is not subject to any third-party Rights, or Content in which
        any holder of Rights has given express authorization for distribution on the Application.
        If and to the extent you are deemed to have retained, under applicable law, any
        right, title or interest in or to any portion of the Content, you hereby transfer,
        grant, convey, assign and relinquish solely and exclusively to Codemasters and/or
        its licensors all of your right, title and interest in and to the Content, without
        reservation and without additional consideration, under applicable patent, copyright,
        trade secret, trademark and other similar laws or rights, in perpetuity, and in
        the alternative to the extent such assignment is ineffective under applicable law,
        you hereby grant to Codemasters and/or its licensors, their successors and assigns,
        the sole and exclusive, irrevocable, sublicensable, transferable, worldwide, paid-up
        licence to reproduce, fix, adapt, modify, translate, reformat, create derivative
        works from, manufacture, introduce into circulation, publish, distribute, sell,
        license, sublicense, transfer, rent, lease, transmit, publicly display, publicly
        perform, or provide access to electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public
        by telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and use and
        practice the Content all modified and derivative works thereof, all portions and
        copies thereof in any form, all inventions, designs, and marks embodied therein,
        and all patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark and other intellectual property
        rights thereto, and/or to incorporate the same in other works in any form, media,
        or technology now known or later developed. To the extent permitted by applicable
        laws, you hereby waive any moral rights you may have in the Content.

    9.                  
    Newsletters

    9.1               
    By subscribing to our newsletter(s), subscribers
        understand they may receive periodic information regarding current and future Applications
        offered by Codemasters. In addition, such subscribers may be automatically entered
        into future contests and sweepstakes for subscribers as long as they meet the applicable
        eligibility requirements, and also agree to all rules and conditions of those contests
        and sweepstakes. You may unsubscribe from any of these services at any time by following
        the procedures made available with the applicable services.

    10.              
    Ownership

    10.1           
    The Applications, including, without limitation,
        all Software and Content, contain copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary
        information (including, without limitation, images, photographs, animations, video,
        audio, music, text, and "applets" incorporated into the Software and character
        data). The entire contents of the Applications and each area contained therein are
        copyright protected as a collective work under the laws of England and Wales. Codemasters
        owns the copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of
        such content. You acknowledge that Codemasters, and/or its licensors remain the
        owners of all right, title, and interest, including copyright and other intellectual
        property rights, in and to all materials posted on the Applications by Codemasters
        and derivative works thereof, and that you do not acquire any of those ownership
        rights by downloading or otherwise accessing such materials.

    11.               
    Jurisdictional Issues and Export Control
        Laws

    11.1            
    The Applications are provided by Codemasters
        from its offices within the United Kingdom. Codemasters makes no representation
        that Software and other materials available through the Applications are appropriate
        or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access the Applications
        from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance
        with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.

    11.2            
    You agree to abide by applicable export
        control laws and not to transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, any Content
        or any Software or other materials subject to restrictions under such laws to a
        national destination prohibited by such laws, without first obtaining, and then
        complying with, any requisite government authorisation. 


    12.               
    Termination of Account

    12.1            
    Codemasters and/or the Store Operator
        has the right to terminate or suspend, and you have the right to cancel, your account(s)
        at any time. You understand and agree that, except as expressly provided by law,
        the cancellation of your account is your sole right and remedy with respect to any
        dispute with Codemasters. This includes, but is not limited to, any dispute related
        to, or arising out of: (1) these Terms of Service or our enforcement or application
        of these Terms of Service; (2) the Applications available through the Store or any
        change in such content; or (3) your ability to access and/or use the Applications.

    12.2           
    You can cancel your account(s) or an Application
        by following the procedures made available with the applicable service. In the event
        that your account is terminated, suspended or cancelled, no refund will be granted;
        no Points will be credited to you or converted to cash or other form of reimbursement,
        and you will have no further access to your account or anything associated with
        it. If your account is terminated or suspended by Codemasters, Codemasters shall
        have the right to terminate or suspend any of your other account(s).

    13.               
    Service Availability

    13.1            
    We do not guarantee that the Store and/or
        any Application will be available at all times, in all countries and/or geographic
        locations, or at any given time or that the Store will continue to offer particular
        Applications for any particular length of time. We reserve the right to end any
        Applications without notice, at our sole discretion. If the Applications are terminated,
        then no Points will be credited to you or converted to cash or other form of reimbursement,
        and you will have no further access to your account or anything associated with
        it.

    14.               
    Links to Third-Party Sites

    14.1            
    Links from the Application or the Store
        to third party sites are not controlled by Codemasters and may collect data or solicit
        personal information from you. To the maximum extent permissible by law, Codemasters
        is not responsible for such linked sites, Content, business practices or privacy
        policies, or for the collection, use or disclosure of any information those sites
        may collect. The inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement by Codemasters
        or the Store Operator of such linked sites. 


    15.               
    Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of
        Liability

    15.1            
    To the maximum extent allowed by law,
        neither Codemasters nor its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, stockholders,
        employees, licensors, distributors, sublicensees, agents or subcontractors (collectively,
        the "Codemasters Parties") warrant any connection to, transmission over,
        or results or use of, any network connection or facilities provided (or failed to
        be provided) through the Applications. You are responsible for assessing your own
        computer and transmission network requirements and evaluating the results to be
        obtained therefrom. 


    15.2           
    You expressly agree that the use of the
        Application and the internet is at your sole risk. The Application and Software,
        and any other third-party services and products such as the Store, are provided
        on an "as is" and "as available" basis for your use, without
        warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, unless such warranties
        or conditions are legally incapable of exclusion. Codemasters provides the Applications
        on a commercially reasonable basis and does not warrant that you will be able to
        access or use the Applications at times or locations of your choosing. The Codemasters
        Parties assume no responsibility for any damages suffered by you, including, but
        not limited to, loss of data, game play, items or characters from delays, non-delivery,
        errors, system down time, incorrect delivery or interruptions caused by the Codemasters
        Parties, or by your or any other user's own errors and/or omissions.

    15.3           
    You acknowledge and agree that to the
        maximum extent permissible by law the Codemasters Parties are not liable for any
        act or failure to act by them or any other person regarding conduct, communication
        or content on the Application or use of the Software. You acknowledge and agree
        that your sole and exclusive remedy for any dispute with Codemasters is to stop
        using the service, and to cancel your account(s). In no case shall the liability
        of the Codemasters Parties to you exceed the amount that you paid for the Application
        giving rise to any such liability. In no case shall the Codemasters Parties be liable
        for any special, incidental, indirect, punitive or consequential damages arising
        from your use of the Application or Software, the internet or for any other claim
        related in any way to your use of the Application or interactions with Codemasters.
        Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation
        of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions,
        the liability of Codemasters and the Codemasters Parties shall be limited to the
        fullest extent permitted by law. Codemasters does not endorse, warrant or guarantee
        any third-party product or service offered through the Store or the Store Operator
        and will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction
        between you and third-party providers of products or services.

    15.4           
    The Codemasters Parties make no representations
        about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related
        graphics published as part of the Application for any purpose.

    15.5           
    The documents and related graphics published
        in relation to the Application could include technical inaccuracies or typographical
        errors. The Codemasters Parties may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s)
        and/or service(s) described in these Terms of Service at any time.

    16.               
    General

    16.1            
    These Terms of Service
        and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject
        matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed
        by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. You hereby submit
        to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. 


    16.2           
    Codemasters may assign these Terms of
        Service, in whole or in part, at any time. Codemasters' performance of this agreement
        is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms
        of Service is in derogation of Codemasters' right to comply with governmental, court,
        and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Application
        or information provided to or gathered by Codemasters with respect to such use.

    16.3           
    You agree to indemnify and hold Codemasters
        harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
        asserted by any third-party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct in relation
        to the Applications.

    16.4           
    If any part of these Terms of Service
        are determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including,
        but not limited to, the warranty, disclaimers and liability limitations set forth
        above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by
        a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original
        provision and the remainder of these Terms of Service shall continue in effect.

    16.5           
    These Terms of Service, including the
        documents expressly incorporated by reference, constitute the entire agreement between
        you and Codemasters with respect to the Applications and such agreements supersede
        all prior or contemporaneous communications, whether electronic, oral or written,
        between you and Codemasters with respect to the Applications.

    16.6           
    You represent that you have not relied
        on any such communications in choosing to accept these Terms of Service. A printed
        version of these Terms of Service and of any notices given in electronic form shall
        be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to
        this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business
        documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Codemasters'
        failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of these Terms of Service or
        related Licence Agreements shall in no way be construed to be a present or future
        waiver of such provisions, nor in any way affect the right of any party to enforce
        each and every such provision thereafter. The express waiver by Codemasters of any
        provision, condition or requirement of these Terms of Service or related Licence
        Agreements shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with
        such provision, condition or requirement.

    16.7           
    Notwithstanding anything else in this
        Agreement, no default, delay or failure to perform on the part of Codemasters shall
        be considered a breach of this Agreement if such default, delay or failure to perform
        is shown to be due to causes beyond the reasonable control of Codemasters. All notices
        given by you or required under these Terms of Service shall be in writing and addressed
        to: The Codemasters Software Company Limited, P.O. Box 6, Leamington Spa, Warwickshire,
        CV47 2ZT, United Kingdom. Codemasters may give notice to you by means of a general
        notice on the Application, electronic mail to your e-mail address on record in Codemasters'
        account information, or by written communication sent by first class mail, postage
        prepaid, or overnight courier to your address on record in Codemasters' account
        information.




    END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT ("EULA")

Important - read carefully 


    The accompanying Application for your smart phone and/or tablet device (which includes
    mobile software program, the media and related documentation in printed or electronic
    form) which you have accessed via mobile application stores (the "Store") operated
    by Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google and/or Samsung (each, as applicable, the "Store
    Operator") is licensed to you on the terms set forth below, which constitutes a
    legal agreement between you and the Codemasters Software Company Limited ("Codemasters").
    Codemasters are solely responsible for the Application and its content. By installing
    or otherwise using the Application, you agree to be legally bound by the terms of
    this agreement with Codemasters. If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement,
    you are not authorised to use the program and you should remove the Application
    from any devices on which you have installed the Application.

    1.                  
    The Application
        is protected by the copyright laws of England, international copyright treaties
        and conventions and other laws. The program is licensed, and not sold, and this
        agreement confers no title or ownership to the Application or any copy thereof.

    2.                 
    LIMITED USE LICENCE. Codemasters grants you the non-exclusive,
        non-transferable, limited right and licence to use the Application on any iOS device
        including without limitation an iPhone, iPod touch or iPad (“Apple Device”) that
        you own or control and as permitted by the usage rules set forth in the Apple Store
        terms of service.

    3.                 
    OWNERSHIP. All intellectual property rights in and to the Application
        (including but not limited to video, audio and other content incorporated therein)
        and title to any and all copies thereof are owned by Codemasters or its licensors,
        and you receive no right or interest therein other than the limited licence in paragraph
        2 hereof.

    4.                 
    YOU SHALL NOT:

    (i)         
    Copy the Application;

    (ii)       
    Sell, rent, lease, license, distribute or otherwise transfer or make available
    to any other person the Application, in whole or in part, or use the Application
    or any part thereof in any commercial context;

    (iii)     
    Reverse engineer, derive source code, modify, decompile, disassemble, or
    create derivative works of the Application, in whole or in part; or

    (iv)      
    Remove, disable or circumvent any proprietary notices or labels contained on or
    within the Application.


    5.                 
    MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT. You agree that Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) has
    no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect
    to the Application.

    6.                 
    WARRANTIES. No warranty of merchantability, satisfactory quality,
    fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement, and no other representations
    or claims of any kind shall be binding on or obligate Codemasters.

    7.                 
    PRODUCT CLAIMS. You agree that Apple are not responsible for addressing
    any of your claims, or the claims of any third party, relating to the Application
    or your possession and/or use of the Application, including, but not limited to:
    (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Application fails to conform
    to any applicable legal or regulatory requirements; and (iii) claims arising under
    consumer protection or similar legislation.


    8.                 
    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS: You agree that, in the event of any
    third party claim that the Application or your use or possession of the Application
    infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights we, and not Apple, will
    be solely responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement and discharge of
    any such intellectual property infringement claim.

    9.                 
    LIMITATION ON DAMAGES. In no event will Codemasters be liable for
    special, incidental or consequential damages resulting from possession, use or malfunction
    of the Application or associated activities, including damages to property, loss
    of goodwill, computer failure or malfunction and, to the extent permitted by law,
    damages for personal injuries, even if Codemasters has been advised of the possibility
    of such damages. Codemasters’ liability shall not exceed the actual price paid for
    the licence to use the Application. Some states/countries do not allow limitations
    on how long an implied warranty lasts and/or the exclusion or limitation of incidental
    or consequential damages, so the above limitations and/or exclusion or limitation
    of liability may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights,
    and you may have other rights which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Should
    the Application fail to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the Store
    Operator and receive a refund of the price paid for the Application. To the maximum
    extent permitted by law, the Store Operator will have no other warranty obligation
    whatsoever in respect of the Application.

    10.              
    TERMINATION. Without prejudice to any other rights of Codemasters,
    this Agreement will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with its terms
    and conditions. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the Application and
    all of its component parts.

    11.               
    INJUNCTION. Because Codemasters would be irreparably damaged if the
    terms of this Agreement were not specifically enforced, you agree that Codemasters
    shall be entitled, without bond, other security or proof of damages, to appropriate
    equitable remedies with respect to breaches of this Agreement, in addition to such
    other remedies as Codemasters may otherwise have under applicable laws.

    12.              
    INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Codemasters, its
    partners, affiliates, contractors, officers, directors, employees, agents and the
    Store Operator harmless from all damages, losses and expenses arising directly or
    indirectly from your acts and omissions to act in using the Application pursuant
    to the terms of this Agreement.

    13.              
    LEGAL COMPLIANCE. You represent and warrant that: (i) you are not
    located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been
    designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii)
    you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

    14.              
    THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY: You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and
    Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this EULA, and that, upon
    your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this EULA, Apple will have the right
    (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this EULA against you
    as a third party beneficiary thereof.

    15.              
    MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement represents the complete agreement concerning
    this licence between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations
    between them. We reserve the right to modify this Agreement at any time, and notify
    you accordingly. Your continued use of the Application will signify your acceptance
    of any such changes to this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held
    to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the
    extent necessary to make it enforceable and the remaining provisions of this Agreement
    shall not be affected. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
    with the laws of England and Wales and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction
    of the courts of England and Wales.

    If you have any questions concerning this licence, you may contact Codemasters at:


    The Codemasters Software Company Limited,


    PO Box 6,
    
    Leamington Spa,


    Warwickshire

    CV47 2ZT

    United Kingdom
    Tel +44 1926 814 132


    Fax +44 1926 817 595

    Email: codem@codemasters.com

