2.1 What personal data do we hold?
Some examples of the type of information we may collect and hold about you are as follows:

your full name and your title or an indication of the gender that you most closely associate with;
birth date or alternatively a relevant age range;
postal address;
telephone number(s);
email address;
records of your correspondence with us;
bank or credit card details (if you purchase something from us or donate to us);
donation and gift aid details (if you donate to us); 
information you enter into our websites and digital products and details of how you use those websites and digital products (more details can be found in our cookie policy at kew.org/cookies);
dietary, accessibility, and mobility information;
CCTV footage of those visiting our premises and gardens.
Photographs and digital images of individuals 

But we may also collect, hold and process other personal data where it is appropriate and relevant, for example:

details of why you have decided to support/contact us and how you may have heard about us and the work that we do;
details of how you would like to be involved and what you intend to do with the information we provide; 
personal data about you that will enable us to be more precise in what we send you or how we approach you; and
for purely business-related reasons, including managing relationships with third party and partner organisations.
We will only process sensitive personal data also known as special categories of data (eg. in relation to your health), with your explicit consent, for reasons of substantial public interests or where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

2.2.How and why will we use this personal data?
2.2.1 We will use your personal data to:

provide you with the information, product or service you have requested from us, including such things as admission to the gardens, specific events that we run, merchandise from our shop, responding to your enquiries and requests, attending educational activities and events, and to tell you about our work and our fundraising;
provide you with other information which we feel may interest you.  This may include newsletters, tips, updates, information in relation to fundraising campaigns, voluntary surveys or questionnaires for you to complete, details of relevant volunteering opportunities, and details of any promotions and competitions we are running.  We may also send you details of events we think you may be interested in attending; 
administer all aspects of being a Patron of Kew or your membership of Friends of Kew and Friends of Wakehurst;
analyse and understand how people use our websites and digital products so we can improve and personalise the experience for users and reflect your preferences and previous interactions;
keep a record of our relationship with you;
improve how we communicate with you, how we fundraise, and how we operate more generally;keep in contact with you in the ways that you have requested or agreed to;
personalise our services and communications to you (for example, to ensure that they take into account your age, location and previous involvement with Kew);
provide you with information about carefully selected third party events, products, campaigns and competitions, where we are permitted to do so;
notify you about changes to our services;
administer and process payments you make for products, services and charitable donations made to any of our entities;
verify your identity where required to use some of our services and benefits;
comply with applicable laws and regulations and requests from statutory agencies including for such purposes as health and safety; the detection and prevention of crime and safeguarding; and
carry out any obligations or provide you with any other services, functionality or content which you specifically request or agree to.

2.2.2 For the avoidance of doubt, Kew does not use personal data for automated decision-making which produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects individuals. However, Kew may use profiling techniques in certain circumstances for the purpose of evaluating personal data to provide you with more targeted advertising and for the purpose of segmenting our database of visitors and supporters so that we can communicate with you in the most relevant way possible. In some cases we use cookies to do this.  Our Cookies Policy (at kew.org/cookies) explains in further detail the types of cookies we use to allow us to do this.  
2.3. Fundraising
Charitable giving is very important to Kew’s ability to achieve its mission.  We carry out a wide variety of marketing activities to seek individuals’ support for our work, ranging from appeals for small one-off donations, to large fundraising initiatives for specific projects, such as building renovations.  We want to ensure that we are contacting you with tailored and appropriate communications, and ensure we direct our resources and fundraising activities as efficiently and effectively as we can.  We also want to communicate with you from time to time to thank you for your support and tell you what we have achieved with the help of your donation.  
2.4.  Research and profiling using information in the public domain
2.4.1.Throughout our history Kew has relied on gifts of all sizes to support both our recurrent costs and for new buildings or projects. In order that our fundraising is appropriate, respectful, efficient and effective, we tailor our approaches to different people in different ways. We use information you have given us, sometimes together with data we collect from publicly available sources, to help us decide how best to do this.
2.4.2.For a small number of people, we may undertake research using publicly available information relating to philanthropic activities, wealth and capacity to give, to create a profile of interests and preferences.  This helps us understand the background of the people who we believe may be willing to attend events and enter into a dialogue with us to learn more about supporting our work and organisation.  Ultimately it helps us to ensure that proactive requests for gifts are directed to only those who we believe may be able and willing to give. This information is collected from public sources such as news articles, Companies House, the Charity Commission, Who’s Who as well as specialist charity research sources such as Factary Phi, and Trustfunding.org.  Very occasionally we may work with similar organisations (such as other botanic gardens or other charities) to undertake this research collaboratively.  
2.4.3.If we do collect such information about you, whether jointly or on our own, we will inform you within one month of collecting this information in order to provide you with an opportunity to opt out of your data being used for these purposes. You can also opt out by emailing us on privacy@kew.org.
2.4.4.We also have an obligation to ensure we are undertaking appropriate due diligence on potential donors, in accordance with guidelines set out by the Charity Commission and the Fundraising Regulator, and we may collect information from the public domain information for this purpose too.
