
Privacy Policy


Privacy Policy

                Your privacy is important to us. We've developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use,
                disclose and store your information.
            
Collection of Personal Data

                First and foremost, you will never be asked to provide any of your personal information to access our services.
            

                The majority of our data comes from the official Steam APIs. This information is considered to be made
                publicly available by you.
            
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information

                We also collect non-personal information - data in a form that does not permit direct association with any
                specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The
                following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
            


                    We make use of several Steam community web APIs to collect data about your Steam account, which is used to
                    build your profile on backpack.tf.
                

                    We may collect information regarding the contents of your inventory. We use this information to
                    aggregate statistics that appear on various pages throughout the website.
                


                This data is provided on an opt-in basis, as our ability to gather this data depends on your inventory privacy
                setting via the Steam Community website.
            
Cookies and Other Technologies

                Our website and advertisers may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tag and web beacons.
                These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which part of our website people have visited,
                and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. We treat information
                collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal
                information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the
                purposes of this Privacy Policy.
            

                Our website also uses "cookies" and other technologies to remember personal information when you use our website.
                Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with our website more convenient and personal. For
                example, knowing your favorite "currency" can help us make this the default option when you view someone's
                inventory.
            

                As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information
                includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider
                (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
            

                We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user
                behavior on the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
            
Analytics

                We use Google Analytics and Comscore to analyse the use of our website.
                Google Analytics and Comscore gather information about website use by means of cookies.
                The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.
                Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
                Comscore’s privacy policy is available at https://www.comscore.com/About-comScore/Privacy-Policy.
            
Advertising

                We use third party advertisements to support our site.
                Some of these advertisers may be served from our third party advertiser,
                you can view their privacy policy and cookie policy here.
            
Service Guarantees

                We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page
                and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.
            
