
Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website and to keep track of your visits. They help us to provide you with the very best experience when you browse our Website and to make improvements to our Website. They also help us and our advertising networks to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. For detailed information on the cookies which we use and the reasons why we use them, see our Cookie Policy Cookie Policy.

The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, destinations outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted via our Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We use a trusted third party payment processing service to process your payment to us and we do not store your credit/debit card information. You can elect to save your credit or debit card details once your order on our Website has been processed, to make any future orders easier. However, for your security you will need to enter your card’s 3-digit security code for every subsequent transaction where you elect to use the saved credit/debit card. If you elect to store your credit or debit card details after an order on the Website, your credit/debit card details will be stored with our trusted third party payment processor.
We use secure socket layer software (SSL) to encrypt personal information that you provide via your registered account on our Website (including your payment details). This technology prevents you from inadvertently revealing personal information using an unsecure connection. Our Website is certified with an SSL certificate, which verifies that our Website is secure.
We keep your information confidential and store user personal data on a secure server which is password protected and hidden behind a firewall.
