Terms & Privacy Policy 
The purpose of these Terms and Conditions is to set forth the Use Policy by which User will abide while using or otherwise making use of services of Company (Thanzar Limited
Grigori Afxentiou 133, 2369 Ayiosdometrios, Nicosia, Cyprus) in relation to www.escortbook.com. This Agreement constitutes the entire and only Agreement between Company and User and supersedes all prior or other Agreements with respect to the service and products provided.
This website is owned, regulated and operated by Thanzar Limited, from the Cyprus offices.
Services.

a) Company's service will be provided on an "as is, as available" basis. Further, Company provides no warranty, written, expressed, or implied, for any services provided, including, without limitation, warranty of the merchantability and warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. This expressly includes any reimbursement for losses of income due to disruption of services by Company or its providers. Company does not guarantee the server’s permanent accessibility or functionality.
b) User will use the services in a manner consistent and compliant with any and all applicable laws of Switzerland.
c) Use of any information obtained by way of Company is at User’s own risk, and Company specifically denies any responsibility for the accuracy or quality of information obtained through its services. Company makes no warranty, written, expressed or implied of any guaranteed uptime, or that the service will function at a reliable level based on past performance.
d) Company is not responsible for any damages arising from User’s use of Company’s services or by any inability to use the services for any reason.
e) Company is not responsible for User’s data, files, or directories residing on Company's equipment and servers. User is solely responsible for maintaining data, files, and back-ups.
f) User shall at all times keep his passwords and log-in details secure. User agrees that he’s totally responsible for when and how his account is used, and that he is totally responsible for all the content and all the actions of the people (if any) he allows to access, or transmit information through the systems of Company or its suppliers, or otherwise utilize the services.

Modification of terms.
Company reserves the right to add, modify, or delete any provision of this Agreement at any time and without notice. Company reserves the exclusive right and will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of any of these provisions. If User does not agree with any of the terms, User shall stop using the services. The most recent terms will be posted on this Website. User’s continued access to the Website constitutes an acceptance of any amendments or modifications contained within this Agreement. Company shall have the right to change User’s privileges to accounts already bought. Company may add or remove functionality.
License.
Company grants to User an non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the services in accordance with this Agreement.
Misuse of system resources.
User agrees that data transfer bandwidth usage and/or disk space usage shall not exceed the number of megabytes per month for the services ordered by User, as published by Company on its website. It is a violation for anyone who, including but not limited to, employs posts or other data that consume excessive CPU time, server memory or storage space. Company reserves the right to immediately and without notice to the User, terminate any service or process that uses a disproportionate amount of any system resources.
Potentially illegal conduct in general.
The following shall be construed as violations of this Agreement and may result in suspension or deletion of a Customer’s Users’ account or in Termination of this Agreement:

a) Company products and services may only be used for lawful purposes. Transmission, distribution, or storage of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is strictly prohibited. This includes, without limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property right used without proper authorization, or material that is defamatory, or constitutes an illegal threat. Non-acceptable content may include, but are not limited to any file or media deemed by Company to be inappropriate or to be illegal or for which User does not have the legal right to use or post. Adult Content has to respect the legal guidelines of Switzerland. It is explicitly forbidden to present pornographic content to a person who is under the age of 16. Furthermore it is explicitly forbidden to show or make accessible content that depict sexual acts involving children or animals, human excrement or acts of violence.
b) No one shall post defamatory, scandalous, or private information about a person without their consent or with intention to inflict emotional distress, or post any information that violates any rightful trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights.
c) Sending unsolicited email messages (“Spam”) from or through or post on Company’s servers, including, without limitation, commercial advertising or informational announcements, shall be prohibited. Company reserves the right to terminate this Agreement and any other accounts under User’s account if receives complaints. 
d) Any unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material, harassment, fraud and other illegal activities, or dealing in content and material that has been deemed illegal in Switzerland or the User’s community or state. 
e) Falsifying any User information provided to Company or to other Users in connection with the use of a Company service. 
f) Posting of any content which is not true or accurate in general.

System and network security.
Violations of system or network security are strictly prohibited, and may result in criminal or civil liability. Examples include, but are not limited to: allowing unauthorized access, use, probe, or scan of any Company system, security, authentication measures, data or traffic; interference with service to any User, host or network, flooding, or attempts to overload a system or broadcast attacks. 
Trademarks.
"escortbook.com" and other related expressions and marks are intellectual property of Company.
Copyright.
All content, graphics, logos, fonts, chess pieces and other designs, software, and other content and matters related to the services provided are protected under Swiss and International Law. All replication, distribution, publication and all other use is strictly prohibited.
Third-party products and services.
Third-parties may advertise their products and services on Company’s website. Company doesn’t control these products and services. Every use of the products and services is at User’s own risk and Company shall not be liable for any damages arising out of the transaction between User and Third-party.
Marketing.
It is understood that Company shall have all exclusive rights regarding the free pages. This explicitly refers to all commercial advertising rights on said pages and all other rights as well. 
Links.
Company’s websites contain links to other websites. Company is not responsible or liable for the content of such websites. By inclusion of links Company does not approve or endorse the linked website. By leaving Company’s website User does so at his own risk.
Purchase terms.
Company offers premium memberships and special products (e.g.: more design templates, sms alerts, directories, own domains etc.). Payment for these accounts, services and products must be made in accordance with the prices and charges published by Company on its website (as amended from time to time). All prices and charges incurred by User as a result of any use of the non-free Services and products have to be paid in advance and in accordance with the billing provisions. Prices and charges are inclusive of any government taxes, unless otherwise stated.
Consequences of Violation.
If Company becomes aware of an alleged violation of any of the terms contained in this Agreement, or any other policy that has been posted on its websites, made available to User via e-mail, or posted in any other form, Company shall have the right to initiate an investigation. During the investigation, Company may restrict User access to Company products and services in order to prevent further possible unauthorized activity. Company may, at its sole discretion, restrict, suspend, or terminate User 's account without notice or refund, or pursue civil and/or penal remedies as it deems necessary. Company shall notify the appropriate law enforcement department of any such violations. Company shall not be responsible for any payment, refunds, or compensation in any way for service disruptions or termination of this Agreement.
Limited liability & Indemnification.
User explicitly confirms that prostitution is legal within the territory User resides.
Company shall not be liable for any content posted, opinions expressed, or actions taken by any of the Users. Any conduct that violates the laws, regulations, or the accepted norms of the Internet community or the community standards in Switzerland or the User’s territory, whether expressly mentioned in these terms or not, is strictly prohibited. Company reserves the exclusive right to prohibit any activities that it deems will adversely affect its commercial reputation or goodwill, endanger its network, impact its Customers, or expose it to liability or tort.
User hereby releases and discharges Company, employees, directors, agents, contractors, advertisers, attorneys, product and service providers, its agents, representatives, and assignees from any and all claims, losses, expenses and demands including reasonable attorney’s fees arising related to User’s violation of this Agreement or use of the services.
Assignment.
Company shall have the right to assign this Agreement and any of the rights granted herein, in whole or in part, to any person, firm, corporation or entity, and nothing contained herein shall imply anything to the contrary. 
Place of Jurisdiction.
Exclusive Place of Jurisdiction for all disputes arising from or in connection with this Agreement shall be Zurich. Swiss law shall apply, excluding the conflict of law regulations.

By using Company’s services User agrees to comply and be bound by these policies.

Privacy Policy.
Because Company gathers certain types of information about the User, User should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information Company gathers and how Company is using it.
Company gathers two types of information about Users:

a) Information that Users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive Company’s electronic newsletters, to participate in message boards or forums, to email a friend, and from participation in polls and surveys;
b) Information Company gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout Company’s websites. This information allows Company to better tailor its content to User’s needs and to help Company’s advertisers and sponsors better understand the demographics of the audience. Under no circumstances does Company divulge any information about an individual User to a third party.

Users of the website's Message Boards and Forums must register separately for these services (both are free of charge) in order to post messages, although they needn't register to visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply a username, password, and email address.
Company may offer interactive polls to Users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular user. Company may use a system to "tag" Users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question. This tag is not correlated with information about individual Users.
Company may occasionally conduct User surveys to better target Company’s content to the audience. Company sometimes shares the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with Company’s sponsors, advertisers and partners. Company never shares any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
Company tracks User traffic patterns throughout all of its websites. However, Company does not correlate this information with data about individual Users. Company does break down overall usage statistics according to a User's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every User's browser).
Company sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that Users enter in Company’s search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual Users. Company uses tracking information to determine which areas of its sites Users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. Company does not track what individual Users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps Company to continue to build a better service for the User.
