 PRIVACY POLICY Autoweek.com and the associated newsletters, news alerts and other features are news products of Crain Communications Inc. Our postal address is 1155 Gratiot Avenue, Detroit, MI 48207. We can be reached by e-mail at customerservice@autoweek.com or by telephone at 888.288.6954.  Your use of our products to which this policy is linked (including but not limited to our written publications, e-mails, newsletters, websites, events and conferences, webinars, video, podcasts, mobile and digital applications and social media (collectively, the “Crain’s Products”) indicates to us that you have read and accepted our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.    INTRODUCTION We have developed this Privacy Policy to advise you about the information we may collect about you and our possible uses of this information, and to inform you about how to modify your marketing preferences. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Crain’s Products and Crain.  Specifically, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any non-Crain’s products or websites, including those linked to or advertised on Crain’s Products.  Any information you provide when you visit other web sites, use other social networking, digital or mobile products or services, etc., will be subject to the privacy policies of those publishers or vendors. Crain may modify this Privacy Policy.  Please see at the “Policy Last Updated” date at the end of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this page.  Your use of the Crain Products or your provision of personal information to us following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.    COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION Information You Provide. When you subscribe, register, participate in conferences or webinars, use online or mobile applications, participate in social networking, enter contests or surveys, make purchases or at other times, we collect and store personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, postal and e-mail addresses, credit card information, facts about your profession, company and responsibilities and information regarding your computer system.  Information collected about you may be used by us and our affiliates and partnering third-party companies to provide you with the features of Crain’s Products, to enable us to provide the products you requested, to personalize content and advertising, to send you e-mail notifications about our services and products, for audits, to perform statistical analysis of user behavior in order to measure interest in the various areas of our site (such as for product development purposes), to enforce our user agreement and to inform advertisers as to how many users have seen or "clicked" their advertising banners. We will disclose site usage information to third-parties only in aggregate. Information from Third Parties. We may from time to time obtain data about you from third-parties such as business partners, mobile carriers or other companies.  If you use your login credentials from a social networking site (“SNS”) to use Crain’s Products, we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SNS.  We may use any data from a third party to include you in our database(s) or append it to existing user data to add more detail to the information we have about you. Cookies. For each visitor to Crain’s Products, our servers may automatically attempt to identify the user through a cookie set within your browser. This is done to provide applicable access to the Crain’s Products. From time to time we may also track information, in aggregate, on pages and features that users access or view. The activity is collected and stored in our server's log files. We may log Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to the Crain’s Products. Our email alerts utilize tracking technology that allows us to see how many newsletter e-mails are opened and the e-mail address of users who have clicked on a given story, feature or advertisement. We use this information for internal purposes to measure the aggregate number of people who view a given newsletter item.  We may also set cookies to your computer to allow subscribers and users to store login information, set personalization and navigate easily through the Crain’s Products. Through the use of additional cookies or technology, we will have the ability to track users by their behavior profile and geographic location for the purpose of displaying advertising that matches their interests and/or specific location. We may, and may enable our advertisers to, collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications, wireless access protocol services or mobile phone service.   By using such service, you hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your location information as described.  If you are accessing a Crain Product from a mobile device or through a mobile application, you may be asked to share your real-time geographic location information with us so we can customize your experience.  If you agree to such additional collection, you will be able to turn off such additional collection at any time by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device and/or through the setting in the applicable mobile application.  Please note that by disabling or blocking any or all cookies, some features of the Product may not operate as intended, or you may not have access to features or personalization available through the Product. Third Party Advertisements. We may use third-party advertising service vendors to serve advertisements on the Crain’s Products. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and we disclaim all liability in connection therewith. To learn more about third party online advertising and to opt out of this type of advertising, visit home.Autoweek.com or the Network Advertising Initiative Web site or www.aboutads.info. Other Disclosures of Your Information. We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of Crain’s Products; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions). In the event that the relevant Crain’s Product is acquired by or merged with another company, we may transfer information about you to the successor entity. From time to time, we may make information about you available to carefully selected third-parties to send you information through e-mail or postal mail about their products or services. We occasionally rent our postal mailing list to third parties for marketing purposes.  If you prefer not to have your personal information disclosed to third-parties for direct marketing purposes, please send an e-mail stating this preference and including your full name and e-mail address to customerservice@autoweek.com or call 888.288.6954 Opt-Outs. You may change/correct your preferences or personal information at any time online via the applicable Crain’s Products.  You may also contact us at the above e-mail address or phone number. We retain the right to contact a subscriber or registered user regarding account status, orders for products or services, changes to the registration agreement or to enforce our subscription agreement.  We will remove any registrant (and their personal information) from our database pursuant to a request from the registrant, including full name and e-mail address, to customerservice@autoweek.com. You may not be able to fully access Crain’s Products or other product if you request removal of your personal information.Mobile Consents/Opt-Outs. We may provide you messages, including marketing, via your wireless email address or by short message service (SMS), wireless access protocol (WAP) services or mobile phone service. By providing us with you wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS, WAP or mobile phone service, you consent to receiving services and messages at the address or number you provide for such purposes, and understand that your wireless carrier’s rates apply to these services/messages. You may opt-out of SMS, WAP or mobile services by following the instructions provided in the message.California Residents. Under California law, California resident users may opt-out of the disclosure of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  You may contact us for such information or to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes as detailed above at any time by sending an e-mail stating this preference and including your full name and e-mail address to customerservice@autoweek.com or call 888.288.6954. Children.  The Crain’s Products are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. Crain’s does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13. Non-US Users. Crain’s Products are operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provided to us will be transferred to the United States. By using Crain’s Products, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer. Data Security.  To guard against unauthorized access, we have in place commercially reasonable technical and other controls to help protect the information.  Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet or of electronic storage is 100% secure and, therefore, Crain’s cannot guarantee security. If you have any questions or concerns about the substance or implementation of this Privacy Policy, please contact the Crain Communications Inc Legal Department at privacyhelp@crain.com or 313-446-6000.Policy Last Updated: Sept. 15 2017 Terms and Conditions of Use AgreementAutoweek (the “SERVICE”)Autoweek including its associated website at Autoweek.com, newsletters, news alerts and all news, information, data, images, specifications, reviews, videos, and other content is an information and news service (collectively referred to as the “Service”) from Crain Communications Inc (“Crain”).By using the Service you agree to be bound by all of the terms in this Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement (the “Agreement”). If you do not fully agree with this Agreement, do not use the Service. Your failure to follow this Agreement may result in termination of your access to the Service, without notice and in addition to any other remedies available to Crain.Access to part of the Service may be restricted to users who have registered and paid for certain content (“Restricted Content”). If you have been issued a login ID and password in order to access our Restricted Content, you may not share your login ID and password with others. When you use your login ID and password to access our Restricted Content, you warrant that you are the authorized user and that you provided accurate information about yourself and your company when you signed up for the Restricted Content.Crain may change the terms in this Agreement at any time. When material portions of the terms are changed, Crain will notify you by posting a notice on the Service, and the changes will appear in this document. By using the Service after any change in the Agreement is posted, you agree to be bound by all of the changes as well.COPYRIGHT AND LIMITATIONS ON USEThe information available through the Service is the property of Crain and others and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Information received through the Service may be displayed, reformatted and printed for your personal, noncommercial use only, provided you abide by this Agreement.Without the prior written consent of Crain, you agree not to:·       Store, post, create a database from or otherwise archive the articles, data, information, images, works or other materials from the Service (the “Content”) on a personal computer, local or wide area networks, online services, electronic bulletin boards or forums, Internet sites or any other server that is Internet-enabled;·       Reproduce, retransmit, distribute, sell, publicly display, publish, post to newsgroups or electronic bulletin boards, or broadcast the Content received through the Service to anyone, including to others in the same company or organization;·       Use any Content in competition with the Service (whether or not such use would constitute a fair use under 17 U.S.C. § 107 or is substantially similar to the Content), including without limitation by using such Content as a principal source of a work distributed or displayed in connection with a commercial print- or web-based information source;·       Create abstracts from, scrape or display headlines from the Service for use on another website or service; or·       Frame, or use other means of redirecting, the Service Content.You may, on an occasional basis, include insubstantial portions of information from the Service in memoranda, reports and presentations, but only if such memoranda, reports and presentations are for non-competitive purpose, to a limited number of individuals. You must include in all such memoranda, reports and presentations the phrase “Reprinted with permission from Crain Communications Inc., Copyright [year of article]”. You may also occasionally utilize the “share” and/or “email to a friend” (or similar) features on an article-by-article basis if such features are provided in the Service.Additionally, you agree to pay and authorize Crain to assess you licensing fees at Crain's standard reprint pricing for your use of the Content in violation of the Copyright and Limitations of Use restrictions above.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYDue to the number of sources from which information on the Service is obtained, and the inherent hazards of electronic distribution, there may be delays, omissions or inaccuracies in such information and the Service. The Service may include facts, views, opinions and recommendations of individuals and organizations deemed of interest. Crain does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of, or otherwise endorse these views, opinions or recommendations.ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". CRAIN AND ITS AGENTS AND LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE NEWS AND INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE. NEITHER CRAIN, NOR ANY OF ITS AGENTS OR LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS OR INJURY CAUSED IN WHOLE OR PART BY ITS NEGLIGENCE OR CONTINGENCIES BEYOND ITS CONTROL IN PROCURING, COMPILING, INTERPRETING, REPORTING OR DELIVERING THE SERVICE AND ANY NEWS AND INFORMATION THROUGH THE SERVICE.IN NO EVENT WILL CRAIN, ITS AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU IN RELIANCE ON SUCH INFORMATION OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF CRAIN, ITS AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICE OR THE INFORMATION IN THE SERVICE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY,THAT YOU PAID TO CRAIN FOR USE OF THE SERVICE.USER-PROVIDED CONTENT AND LICENSECertain portions of the Service may allow you to post or submit comments, reviews, ideas, or creative content (“User Content”) for use by the Service. We may offer you ways to access and remove your User Content.  You retain all rights and responsibility for the User Content you post.By posting or submitting such User Content, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise have sufficient rights to the User Content that you provide, that the User Content is accurate, that it does not violate this Agreement or any applicable law, and that it will not violate the rights of any person or entity.You further grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license and right to publicly display, distribute, reproduce, modify, translate, edit, create derivative works and use the User Content throughout the world in any media solely as part of the features of the Service (including as an incidental part of advertising or marketing). This grant of rights and license applies to use of your name, photo, likeness, voice, and other personal information, if included in the User Content. If you remove the User Content, the Service will discontinue further use of the User Content but may retain copies for archival or backup purposes. Posting of User Content does not influence Crain’s news coverage but Crain editors may comment on or post notable or interesting User Content and Crain reserves its fair use rights under applicable copyright laws to use User Content in Crain’s news reporting operations.Crain reserves the right to delete or edit any of your comments or content at any time, for any reason, but has no obligation to review or remove any such comments or content. We further reserve the right to disclose any information about you, including registration data, in order to comply with any applicable laws and/or requests under legal process, to operate our systems properly, to protect our property or rights, and to safeguard the interests of others.You agree to not post material that:·       contains vulgar, profane, abusive or hateful language, inflammatory attacks of a personal, racial or religious nature, or expressions of bigotry, racism, discrimination or hate;·       is defamatory, threatening, false, misleading, fraudulent, unfair, contains gross exaggeration or unsubstantiated claims, or violates the privacy rights of any third party;·       violates any municipal, state or federal law, rule, regulation or ordinance, or attempts to encourage such an evasion or violation;·       unfairly interferes with the uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Service;·       advertises or offers to trade any goods or services, except in areas specifically designated for such purpose;·       includes copyrighted or other proprietary material of any kind without the express permission of the owner of that material; or·       contains or transmits viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files.MISCELLANEOUSThrough your use of the Service, you may be provided with hyperlinks to other Internet sites or resources, including hyperlinks provided by third-party advertisers and sponsors to the Service. Crain has no control over those sites and resources, or over the advertising material presented by third-party advertisers and sponsors through the Service. You agree that Crain will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such information, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.Crain may discontinue or change the Service, or its availability to you, at any time without notice. This Agreement is personal to you, and you may not assign your rights or obligations to anyone. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid under applicable law, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. The Privacy Policy and this Agreement are, together, the complete and entire agreement between you and Crain and supersedes any prior agreement, whether oral or written.This Agreement, all intellectual property issues, and your rights and obligations shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of Illinois governing contracts wholly entered into and wholly performed within Illinois and any action to enforce this Agreement or in any manner related to the Service shall be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in Chicago, Illinois, and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. You agree to be responsible for any damages resulting from your breach of this Agreement and reimburse us for all of costs, expenses and fees (including all attorney's fees) arising from or relating to your breach.If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible through the Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that the Service contains a link or other reference to another online location that contains materials or activity that infringes on your copyright rights, you may notify Crain Communications Inc. by providing the information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512 to the following address:Crain Communications Inc.Attn: Legal Counsel1155 Gratiot AvenueDetroit, Michigan 48207-2913Telephone: (313) 446-6000 Last updated: Sept 15 2017  Follow Autoweek