
Privacy Statement
This statement relates to the main website of TU Dublin, www.dit.ie.  Within the TU Dublin domain you may find links to other websites for which the University does not have editorial responsibility or control, including the websites of student organisations and societies.  While TU Dublin encourages compliance with this web privacy statement at such sites, we ask visitors to consult the privacy statement of individual sites or contact the persons responsible for those sites, in order to understand the policies and practices under which they operate.
Collection and use of personal information
TU Dublin fully respects the rights of users of our website and is committed to protecting your privacy rights.  TU Dublin will not collect any personal information (personal data) about you on this website without your permission and any information which you volunteer to TU Dublin will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality and processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988 and Data Protection (Amendment) Act 2003.
Cookies and collection and use of technical information
Information on internet traffic is collected routinely TU Dublin and by its service providers (eg, HEAnet).  This technical information is used to ensure the smooth running of the TU Dublin computer network and for statistical or administrative purposes.  It is not used to gather identifiable personal information on individual website visitors, except in so far as this is permitted by law and may be necessary in order to prevent or detect problems or offences in relation to the operation of the website.
This information may be used for the purposes of evaluating your use of the TU Dublin website and to improve our website service to you.  It is stored and used in the aggregate only and is not used to obtain personal data or to contact you personally.
The list below has links to the Data Protection & Privacy Policy and the Cookie Policy:

Further Information and Contact Details

Further information on your data privacy rights is available on the website of the Data Protection
Your Rights
Pursuant to the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003, you have a right to obtain a copy of the data held about you for a fee.  Also, if incorrect information is held about you, you have a right to request that this information is amended or erased.  Further information on your rights under the Data Protection legislation is available at https://www.dit.ie/institutesecretarysoffice/informationgovernance/dataprotectionincludingrecordsmanagement/. 
This statement should not be construed as a contractual undertaking.  The Institute reserves the right to review and amend this statement at any time without notice and you should therefore re-visit this webpage from time to time.
Any queries or concerns you may have about the processing of personal information on this website should be addressed to:
Records ManagerTU Dublin 143-149 Lower Rathmines Road Dublin 6
E-mail: foi@dit.ie  Tel: +353-1-402 7519
