The St. Lucia Electricity Services Limited (hereinafter called “LUCELEC”) is committed to ensuring the security and confidentiality of your personal data. LUCELEC has therefore adopted this policy to comply with its obligations under the laws in our jurisdiction. This policy briefly describes how we collect, hold, use and whenever necessary, disclose your personal data. LUCELEC reserves the right to update this privacy policy from time to time, and will post the revised privacy policy on our website.
Personal Data
Personal data is any information that allows you to be identified. The types of personal data the LUCELEC will collect may include details of your name, address, telephone number, email address and account number.
LUCELEC will collect personal data from you through telephone contact by personnel in its Customer Care Department; its representatives, servants and/or agents in its branch offices; and every time you email your details to LUCELEC.
LUCELEC will use your personal data where it is necessary to do so because it is relevant to LUCELEC’s dealings with you such as billing and customer service, or where LUCELEC has your consent.
You may use your username and password to correct or amend your personal data at any time.
Consent
LUCELEC does not collect personally identifiable data about you unless you provide same to the LUCELEC voluntarily and knowingly. This may be done through:
Voluntary provision of personal data by you directly to LUCELEC or through our Customer Care Department;
Express consent or acknowledgement contained within a written, verbal or electronic application process;
Consent solicited by LUCELEC (or our agent) for a specified purpose; or
Receipt of this Privacy Policy.
Use of the Website
When you visit the LUCELEC website, move from page to page, read pages, or download its content onto your computer, the following information may be recorded:
The pages visited; and/or
The content viewed and/or downloaded.
LUCELEC uses this information to find out how many people visit their web site and which sections of the website are visited most frequently. LUCELEC may use this information to determine what type of information is most useful, improve their website, address your specific needs, provide better customer service and for general marketing purposes.
LUCELEC records the statistical information on the numbers of visitors to this web site, but no information about individuals in particular is kept or used.
Certain LUCELEC employees will be provided with information about a web site visitor in order to serve that visitor's needs and provide the visitor with information regarding specific products, for example provision of bills electronically.
LUCELEC's employees are mandated to adhere to strict standards of care in handling confidential information, including the personal data of its customers.
Direct Marketing
The LUCELEC does not use your personal data for direct marketing, unless you have consented to receive such information from LUCELEC.
Use of "cookies"
LUCELEC may use "cookies" on its website. A "cookie" is information that a website puts on your hard drive so that it can remember pieces of information about you when you next visit the website or a related website. LUCELEC may use cookies to record personal data about you when you use its website in order to facilitate your future activities. Unless directed otherwise, LUCELEC will not use personal data sent in a cookie for marketing purposes and will not share this personal data with third parties. If you prefer not to receive cookies from LUCELEC’ website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. Please note that these actions may interfere with the functionality of our website and the quality of your web browsing experience.
Security of your personal data
LUCELEC has in place appropriate technical and organizational security measures, according to technological industry standards, in order to prevent unauthorized or unlawful disclosure or access to or, accidental or unlawful loss of or destruction, or alteration or unauthorised disclosure of or access to, or other damage to your personal data. These measures ensure an appropriate level of security in relation to the risks inherent in the processing and the nature of the personal data to be protected.
Please be aware that communication sent over the internet, such as email/ webmail, are not secure unless they have been encrypted. Your communication may route through a number of countries before being delivered as this is the nature of the World Wide Web. LUCELEC cannot accept liability that communication may be obtained by an unauthorized person. The padlock at the start of the web address (URL) in the web address bar indicates that a user is on a secured site. Additionally, the web page address displayed will begin with “https”; not “http”. In some areas of our website, we require a user ID and password for you to access certain information. LUCELEC will not disclose such passwords to third parties. However, you are responsible for maintaining the privacy and security of your password.
Complaints about LUCELEC's use of your personal data
Should you make a complaint to our Customer Care Department and your complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction, your complaint will be passed to the office of our General Counsel to be resolved. If your complaint is still unable to be amicably resolved, it will be escalated. Any finding of misuse of your personal data by LUCELEC shall be remedied as soon as reasonably possible.
Further Information
Should you require further information on our privacy policies or your personal information, feel free to contact the LUCELEC Customer Care Department by emailing us at connected@lucelec.com.