
While information is the
    cornerstone of our ability to provide superior service, our most important asset is our
    client's trust. Keeping confidential client information secure, and using it only as our
    clients would want us to, is a top priority for all of us at SavingsBonds.com. Here,
    then, is our Privacy Promise to our individual clients:


We will safeguard, according to strict standards of security and
          confidentiality, any information our clients share with us.
We will limit the collection and use of client information to that information which is needed to deliver superior service and to administer our business. We will also use this information to advise our clients about SavingsBonds.com  products, services and other opportunities. 
We will permit only authorized SavingsBonds.com  employees, who
          are trained in the proper handling of client information, to have access to that
          information. Employees who violate our Privacy Promise will be subject to our normal
          disciplinary process.
We will not reveal client information to any external organization unless we have previously informed the client in disclosures or agreements, been authorized by the client, or are required by law.
We will always maintain control over the confidentiality of our client information. We may, however, facilitate relevant offers from reputable companies. These companies are not permitted to retain any client information unless the client has specifically expressed an interest in their products or services. 
We will tell our clients in plain language how they may remove their
          names from our files. At any time, clients may contact us to remove their names from
          marketing lists.
Whenever we hire other organizations to provide support services, we
          will require them to conform to our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for
          compliance.
For purposes of credit reporting, verification and risk management,
          we will exchange information about our clients only with reputable reference sources and
          clearinghouse services. 
If you download any information supplied by us we ask that you permit us to write an identifier record on your computer. This will enable us to identify you as a registered user.
We will attempt to keep client files complete, up-to-date, and
          accurate. We will tell our clients how and where to conveniently access their information
          (except when we're prohibited by law) and how to notify us about errors, which we will
          promptly correct.
Effective 06/01/2007 Our Free Trial service is limited to a certain number of bonds depending on the 
	  number of bonds entered into the system which may be a low as five or as high as 40. The Free Trial service is 
	  also limited to 14 days of service
Effective 12/11/2007 our Free Trial service will include a free Daily Bond Tip during your trial. You may 
	  unsubscribe from this Daily Bond Tip at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
	  


     We will continuously assess ourselves to
    ensure that client privacy is respected. We will conduct our business in a manner that
    fulfills our Promise to you, our client.
     SavingsBonds.com  is dedicated to
    providing financial solutions to your needs. We are committed to bringing you excellent
    financial products and superior service. We are also committed to informing you about new
    products and services that may be useful to you. Additionally, we are committed to
    protecting information we may have about our clients. If you wish to verify that the
    information we have about you is correct or if you wish to be taken off any mailing lists,
    simply write us and tell us. To remove your name from these lists or to examine certain
    information we have in our files about you, send your name, address to us at:
Privacy Officer 
    SavingsBonds.com  
    2022 Route 71, Suite 200
    Spring Lake Heights, New Jersey 07762 
    1-800-717-2663


