This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. Some technical terms used in this statement are explained at the end of this page.
General Statement
The Road Safety Authority fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to Road Safety Authority will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.
Collection and use of personal information
Road Safety Authority does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by Road Safety Authority only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Collection and use of technical information
This website does not use cookies, apart from cookies used by Google Analytics (see below) and temporary "session" cookies which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our Internet service provider for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to identify website visitors.
The technical details logged are confined to the following items:

the IP address of the visitor's web server 
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net) 
the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used 
clickstream date which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded) 
The type of web browser used by the website visitor 
More Information/Contact
Road Safety AuthorityMoy Valley Business ParkPrimrose HillBallinaCo. Mayo
Tel: 096 25000 orLo-Call :1890 50 60 80
Fax: 096 25252
E-mail. info@rsa.ie
 


