Privacy policy
General policy statement

V/Line Pty Ltd (V/Line) is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. V/Line is bound by the Information Privacy Principles contained in the Information Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Victoria) and the Health Privacy Principles contained in the Health Records Act 2001 (Victoria) (the Privacy Laws).
V/Line will only collect, use or disclose personal information in accordance with the Privacy Laws and this Privacy Policy.
V/Line may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check the Privacy Policy page on vline.com.au regularly for changes.
In this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information or an opinion about a person whose identity is apparent, or can be reasonably ascertained, from the information or opinion.
V/Line will, from time to time, collect and use personal information. The types of personal information collected and the purposes for which that personal information will be used will depend on the circumstances. For example, V/Line may collect personal information from you when you:
	
book tickets;
register to receive service updates or special offers;
provide feedback or make enquiries;
enter competitions; or
inform us of any special assistance you require.


V/Line will not disclose your personal information to third parties except:
	
to third parties appointed by V/Line which assist V/Line to perform services (in which case V/Line requires these contractors to keep that personal information confidential and not to use or disclose it for any purpose other than the purpose of performing those services);
to Public Transport Victoria (PTV) or its nominees to use in connection with the PTV's functions related to passenger transport;
in exceptional circumstances, V/Line may be required or authorised by law to disclose personal information, for example to law enforcement authorities or to prevent a serious threat to public safety; or
otherwise with your consent.


V/Line will take all reasonable steps to protect all personal information held by it from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure. 
 Any person may seek access to personal information which V/Line holds about that person and we will provide access to that information in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act. V/Line will also provide the individual with the opportunity to correct any of that information which the person believes is not accurate or correct. There are certain exemptions which may apply to the provision of that information. Requests for access personal information held by V/Line should be addressed to V/Line by email to privacy@vline.com.au or mail to GPO Box 5343, Melbourne, Victoria, 3001.

Privacy Notice
V/Line Pty Ltd ACN 087 425 269 provides transport services to regional Victoria. The purposes for which V/Line is collecting your personal information may include:


considering customer service feedback you have provided to V/Line
managing a health or safety incident
managing a security incident
improving our approach to health, safety or security matters
processing your booking
providing you with service updates.

Your information will only be used for the purpose for which it was collected or for other purposes required or permitted by law.

We may disclose the information to third parties for the purpose for which it was collected, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. For example, if we collect your personal information in relation to a health, safety or security incident then we may provide the information to:

relevant government agencies, e.g. Transport Safety Victoria or WorkSafe Victoria;
any emergency services operator;
V/Line’s consultants and professional advisers;
V/Line’s insurers and insurance brokers;
the office of the Public Transport Ombudsman;
any court, tribunal, arbitrator, mediator or other dispute resolution entity; and
your family members, friends or legal guardians (for example, if required in the case of an emergency).

We may also disclose the information to PTV or its nominee, if required by PTV, to use in connection with PTV's functions related to passenger transport.

If you wish to seek access to information V/Line holds about you, please email us at privacy@vline.com.au.
Some specific points about our website

When you visit our website we use systems which record basic information such as your server address, domain name, what pages you have visited, browser type and version.  This information will not be used to identify you personally.
The purpose of collecting this information is to enable statistical analysis of the usage of our site and to enable V/Line to provide a better service to those who use the website.
A “cookie” may be placed in the browser files of your computer. These can be used to track use of our site (e.g. so we know to serve you specific line delays, bases on preferences you have set). This does not identify you personally nor are we able to access any files on your computer.
V/Line links to other (external) websites. If you use these links please note third parties operate these sites. V/Line is not responsible for the content of any external website. V/Line’s policies and procedures do not apply to third party websites.

If you have any questions or concerns about V/Line’s collection, use or disclosure of personal information, contact V/Line:

email: 

Level 9, 750 Collins St
Docklands VIC 3008
V/Line Pty Ltd ACN 087 425 269 provides transport services to regional Victoria. The purposes for which V/Line is collecting your personal information may include:Your information will only be used for the purpose for which it was collected or for other purposes required or permitted by law.We may disclose the information to third parties for the purpose for which it was collected, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. For example, if we collect your personal information in relation to a health, safety or security incident then we may provide the information to:We may also disclose the information to PTV or its nominee, if required by PTV, to use in connection with PTV's functions related to passenger transport.If you wish to seek access to information V/Line holds about you, please email us at privacy@vline.com.au.If you have any questions or concerns about V/Line’s collection, use or disclosure of personal information, contact V/Line:email: privacy@vline.com.au or write to us: