
Boels respects the privacy of all users of its website and treats the personal information you provide us with confidentially. We will only use your personal data to ensure that your requests are processed quickly and smoothly. For all other purposes, we will only use this information with your express permission. Your personal data will not be made available to third parties, unless this is required for the deliveries by Boels or if such is required by law.
Boels uses advanced technologies to secure its files, computer systems and other systems and Boels will ensure that your data’s security is safeguarded. The websites of Boels may offer you the option of clicking through to other websites. Boels has no authority over the content or other characteristics of these websites or web pages and can in no way be held liable for the content or characteristics thereof.
You have the right to request access to and correction or deletion of your details. To do this, please contact us. In order to prevent any misuse, we may ask you for adequate identification.
The use of cookies
Boels uses cookies. A cookie is a small file that is sent along with the pages of our website and is stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer.
Our website uses cookies to make your log-in experience on our website easier, to make it possible for you to place items in your shopping cart and to remember your settings and preferences. You can disable cookies in your browser settings. However, this can have a negative influence on the website's ease of use.
Removing cookies can only be done by you, as they are saved on your personal computer. Please consult your browser's help section before removing the cookies.
Boels uses the services of “Google Analytics”. This means that Google, based in the United States, places a cookie via our website as soon as you visit our website. Google Analytics is a web analysis service, which we use to monitor and receive reports on how visitors use our website. Google may pass on this information to third parties if Google is legally required to do so, or insofar as third parties process the information on behalf of Google. We have no influence over this.
The information that Google collects is anonymised as much as possible. Your IP address is explicitly not transferred; the information is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

