


Introduction
Boels Verhuur N.V. respects the privacy of all of the users of its  website and services and treats all personal data confidentially. We use  your personal data to ensure that your requests are processed quickly  and smoothly and also to optimise the services we provide. We will only  use your data for marketing purposes with your express permission.
In this statement, we set out how we handle your data and also the purposes for which it is used.
Who is responsible for my personal data?
This privacy statement applies to the processing of data by Boels  Verhuur N.V. and the companies affiliated to it (hereinafter ‘Boels’).  Boels is the party responsible for processing personal data. We will not  sell your personal data to third parties.
Which personal data is stored?
We store the data that you have given us and also data about visits to our online channels. For example:

The      purchase and delivery of our products: we process the  personal data that      you give us when renting or buying products. For  example, name and address      details and financial data
The      creation of an account: the data that you provide when  creating an      account. For example, your e-mail address and user name
Requests      for products or services via our websites and apps:  the data that you      provide (your e-mail address, for example) when  requesting a product (a      catalogue, for example)
Website      and app use: data on website and app use. The pages visited, for example 

 How is my personal data used?
Your data may be used:

to process orders and returns
to create a personal account
to contact you in the event of problems with an order or questions about an order
to notify you of new services and/or changes to services
for marketing purposes. To send you newsletters and targeted offers, for example
to make analyses designed to help us improve our services
to gather management information for the purpose of product and service development
to avoid the misuse and improper use of our services 

How long will my data be kept?
Boels will not keep your data any longer than necessary for the  purposes for which it has been collected and processed, or for as long  as it is required to do so by law.
What are my rights?
You have the right to request information about your personal data at  any time (free of charge once a year). Should your data be incorrect,  incomplete or not relevant, you will be able to request that this data  is updated or deleted. If you would like to request, delete or update  your data, please submit a request via privacy@boels.com. In order to prevent any misuse, we may ask you to provide satisfactory proof of your identity.
We will not be able to delete your data if we are subject to a  statutory storage obligation (accounting regulations, for example) or if  there are other legal grounds that require us to retain data of this  nature (outstanding debts, for example). 
How is my personal data protected?
Boels uses both technical and organisational measures to protect  personal data. These include the encryption of sensitive information,  the use of entry checks at our locations and authorisations for limited  groups of employees. We always improve the security measures in place  whenever technological advances become available and developments are  made.
The Boels websites may give you the option to click through to other  websites. Boels has no authority over the content, or other  characteristics, of these websites or web pages and cannot be held  liable for the content or characteristics thereof in any way whatsoever.
The use of cookies
Boels uses cookies. A cookie is a small file that is sent along with  the pages of our website and is stored by your browser on your computer,  mobile phone or tablet.
Our website uses cookies to make your log-in experience on our  website easier, to make it possible for you to place items in your  shopping cart and to remember your settings and preferences. Although  you can choose to disable cookies in your browser settings, this can  affect how you experience the ease of use of the website.
Cookies can only be removed by you, as they are saved on your  personal computer, mobile phone or tablet. Please consult your browser's  help section before removing cookies.
Third-party cookies
Boels uses third-party cookies to collect statistics for analysis  tools like Google Analytics and Hotjar. Boels uses these services to  gain an insight into how visitors use its website.
The information that Google collects is anonymised as much as possible. Your IP address is explicitly not saved.
Changes to the privacy statement
This privacy statement may be updated from time to time. See this page to check whether any changes have been made.
Contact
Boels Verhuur N.V.Brusselsesteenweg 3303090 OverijseBelgiumE-mail: privacy@boels.comTelephone:  070-23 23 24 (€ 0,30 p.m.)
The object of this privacy statement is to inform you how we handle  your data. If you have any questions further to this statement, please  notify us of them by e-mail at privacy@boels.com.

