Data Protection and Privacy Policy - Pixartprinting
Last revised January 12, 2016

This Privacy Policy describes the way in which Pixartprinting USA Incorporated (“Pixartprinting”)  uses, shares and protects the personal information it collects about you (“Personal Information”) through pixartprinting.com (the “site”) and through other sources.

Categories and nature of processed data

Pixartprinting collects Personal Information through the navigation and use of its website, registration, and through use of automated electronic system

Use of Personal Information

Personal Information can be used for the following purposes:
	a) enabling you to use the website,  registerr and access to private areas, allowing us to send purchase orders and to manage the contractual relationship;
	b) responding to specific requests;
	c) fulfilling legal obligations;
	d) monitoring and analyzing statistics and measurements of customer satisfaction levels, as well as for  sending promotional communications and newsletter (via mail and phone, email and, or via other automated tools);
	e) analyzing how visitors and customers the use the site (such as frequency of use, purpose of use, habits, interests, and similar statistics) through the use of cookies; (see “Pixartprinting's Cookies policy”)


The contents of the Sales Contract will be archived by Pixartprinting and may be sent by email together with the Terms and Conditions of Sales. Details related to more recent orders are available on the Personal Andrea of each customer.


Users are free to cancel their newsletter subscription at any time by clicking on the link “unsubscribe” found in every promotional email.


Personal Information is collected, used and stored in compliance with applicable law. Specific security measures are put in place to prevent loss of data, illegal or incorrect use and unauthorized access. Gathered information is stored safely and securely.

Sharing of Personal Information

Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties which act on behalf of or in the name of Pixartprinting, such as those responsible for the delivery of products, payment processing, , our legal and fiscal consultants, and similar service providers.


We partner with third parties to provide you with products or services that may be of interest to you. When we do so, we may share, rent or sell your name, mailing address, phone number and information about your use of the site and the types of products you have purchased or are interested in. We do not share, rent or sell your email address without your explicit consent.


From time to time, we may send you offers on behalf of third parties or promote such offers on the site. We do not share any Personal Information with the third party, unless you accept the offer or request additional information about the offer. If you do accept a third party offer or request additional information, we may share Personal Information with the third party and they may collect other Personal Information directly from you. In addition, if you accept a co-branded offer presented by Pixartprinting and another company, any Personal Information you provide will be collected by both Pixarprinting and the third party. Once a third party has your Personal Information, it is governed by the third party's privacy policy.


Personal Information may also be disclosed in other circumstances as required by law. We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information when we believe such disclosure is appropriate to cooperate with an investigation of activities claimed to be unlawful, to enforce our Terms of Use, or to protect the rights or property of Pixartprinting or others.


In addition, it is possible that in the future another company may acquire Pixartprinting or its assets or that Pixartprinting may partner with or purchase another company to continue to do business as a combined entity. In the event that any such transaction occurs, it is possible that our customer information, including your Personal Information, may be transferred to the new business entity as one of Pixartprinting's assets. In such an event, we will update this policy to reflect any change in ownership or control of your Personal Information.

Pixartprinting Cookies Policy

Pixartprinting uses cookies to provide services which improve the clients' browsing experience.

How do we use cookies:

We use anonymous browsing cookies, necessary to allow the user to correctly browse Pixartprinting's website, use all functions and access secure areas.
We use analytical cookies to better understand how our users use the website, to optimize and improve the site, by making it more interesting and relevant for the users.
We use anonymous commercial cookies to show you our advertising on other websites, based on products you have viewed while browsing previously. These cookies are usually inserted by trusted third parties (such as Google through remarketing for display advertising); however, Pixartprinting does not permit such companies to collect personal information related to users. 

How to edit or deactivate cookie preferences:

From the settings of your browser (Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, Chrome etc.) you will be able to establish which cookies you want to receive and which ones you don't. To know where you can find these settings, use the “Help” button on your browser.
Visitors can deactivate Google Analytics for display advertising and personalize Google Display Network ads by using Settings for ad preferences.
To deactivate third party cookies which allow the personalization of ads based on website usage, you can visit the sites www.networkadvertising.org and www.youronlinechoices.com to identify the NAI members (Network Advertising Initiative) which have inserted advertising cookies on your computer.


To take advantage of the behavioral advertising program's opt-out option of an NAI member, check the box corresponding to the company from which you wish to be excluded.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

Pixartprinting may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised Privacy Policy on the site and changing the last modified date at the top of the Privacy Policy. If we make significant changes to the Privacy Policy, we will note the Privacy Policy has changed on the main page of the site. 

Special Notification for California Residents

Individual customers who reside in California and have provided their Personal Information to Pixartprint may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us in writing at the address below.


This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified below.

Pixartprint Address for Written Requests
Written request may be sent to the following address. When writing to us, please be sure to include your exact name, mailing address, telephone number and specific preferences or request.

Pixartprinting USA Incorporated
275 Wyman Street
Waltham, MA 02451

