Cisneros is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit the Cisneros.com Web site (the “Site”). In particular, we believe it is important for you to know how we use and treat the information we collect on this Site.
Personal Information Provided by You
We do not collect any personal information about you, such as your name, telephone number and e-mail addresses, unless you knowingly and voluntarily provide it to us. For instance, if you choose to use our “Contact Us” feature, we ask you to provide your name and e-mail address in order for us to reply to your message. Similarly, in order to supply you with the Cisneros Newsletter, we need your e-mail address.
We may share the personal information you provide with other Cisneros companies to the extent necessary to respond to your questions or concerns, to fulfill your requests, or to share knowledge about an issue. We may also share your information with other companies we have hired to provide services for us or for any of the Cisneros companies. In general, these companies are bound to use any information we share with them only to perform the services they have been hired to provide. We will not share, sell or lease personal information about you with any third parties for marketing purposes without your express permission.
We may disclose information about you (i) if you direct us to do so, (ii) if we are required to do so by law, (iii) in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other law enforcement officials, or (iv) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or financial harm in connection with an illegal activity, whether suspected or actual.
Usage Information
This Site may collect anonymous, non-personal information about your use of the Site when you request pages through your browser. This information is used to help us monitor how you and other visitors use the Site, allowing us to provide better service. The information collected automatically by the Web server, however, does not contain any information that can identify you personally.
Choice/Opt-Out
If we ever send you information by e-mail that you did not specifically request or that you no longer wish to receive, we will provide you with an “unsubscribe” feature or an e-mail address by which you may request no future information or notices.
Links to Other Web Sites
This Site may contain links to other Web sites, some of which are operated by Cisneros  and some of which are operated by third parties. The privacy policies for such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. Therefore, you should review the privacy policy notices on the linked sites before disclosing any personally identifying information on those sites.
Revisions to Our Privacy Policy
We may revise our privacy policy at any time and without prior notice to you. Such revisions may arise in response to changes in the law, policy or other factors. We encourage you to periodically visit this page to review our most current policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or any other aspect of this Site, please use the “Contact Us” page to send us an e-mail.
