
The following is the way we handle information learned about you from your visits to our Web sites.
Collective Data
This section applies to information our web servers automatically recognize and collect.
For each visitor to our web sites (phsonline.org, theflowershow.com, and our affiliate sites), our web servers automatically recognize only the visitor’s IP address, domain name, browser type, and referring site, but not the email address. This information is collected for internal review, and not shared with other organizations.
Like many other websites, phsonline.org, theflowershow.com, and its affiliate sites deposit certain bits of information called “cookies” in a visitor’s computer. Cookies help tell us how and when pages in a Web site are visited and by how many people. This technology does not collect personal, identifiable information; the information collected is in an aggregate, non-identifiable form. We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to improve our websites and to share the collection data results with our sponsors. For example, we may tell a sponsor that a certain number of individuals visited a certain area on our website. We do not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Requested Data
This section applies to all information submitted to the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society websites.
The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society is protective of the privacy of our online visitors, and has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society will not collect any personally identifying information except when specifically and knowingly provided by visitors to our sites. On some pages you may order products, make requests and register to receive materials.
The information you provide about yourself when placing an order for products or services is used solely to complete that order and enter your data into our billing system. We do not share this information.
Surveys
The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society may occasionally run surveys on our sites in which we ask visitors for demographic information (like your gender, age, or income level). If you choose to participate, we may use this information to help to improve your future visiting experience to our sites.
Contests
The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society, producer of the Philadelphia Flower Show, may occasionally run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (such as email address or telephone number). If you choose to participate, we may use this contact data from our contests to send users, when necessary, information about the contest or related information.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, click here or contact:
The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society
100 N 20th Street 5th floor
Philadelphia, PA 19103
215-988-8800
 

