
We respect your privacy, so you can rest assured we’ll never share or disclose your personal information. At Fastway Couriers, we’re committed to ensuring that privacy is protected for users of our websites in relation to personal information.
The information we collect is used to market our products and improve the services we offer via our website content, and to contact you with updates to such services and products.
This privacy policy applies to Fastway Couriers, Ireland which may hold personal information on their website. Fastway reserve the right to change its privacy policy at any time with or without prior notice.
By viewing and using the information provided on our websites, in relation to Fastway, you will be deemed to agree to this privacy policy.
Fastway Couriers understands that privacy is im portant to you, and is committed to complying with the relevant privacy legislation.
What personal information does Fastway Couriers collect? If you subscribe to our website, the personal in formation we will collect from you generally includes your name, business and email address and contact numbers. WE do not collect personal information that we do not need. Our website does not use persistent cookies.
How does Fastway Couriers use personal information? We need to collect information so that we can provide our products and services and conduct our business. Fastway Couriers does not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties except if required by law or permitted under the relevant privacy legislation.
Security  Fastway Couriers takes reasonable steps to ensure the security of your personal information. We frequently update our anti-virus software to protect our systems from computers viruses. Further, all Fastway Couriers employees are required, as a condition of employment, to treat personal information held by Fastway Couriers as confidential. However, you should be aware that the internet is not a secure environment. We cannot protect personal information before it reaches us.
Access to personal informationUnder the relevant privacy legislation, you have the right to ask us to update or correct your personal information when it is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. If your personal details change, or you belive the information we hold about you is incorrect, please contact us so that we can update our records.
Contacting us If you would like to contact us about any matter relating to privacy, our details are:
Post A&G Couriers T/A Fastway Couriers (Ireland) 46 North St., Swords, Co. Dublin Telephone: 01 – 807 4763 Fax: 01 – 807 4766 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 
  
