
We respect your privacy, so you can rest assured we’ll never share or disclose your personal information. At Fastway Couriers, we’re committed to ensuring that privacy is protected for users of our websites in relation to personal information.
The information we collect is used to provide you with the services you requested and are only used in the process of carrying out pick up and delivery activities.
This privacy policy applies to Fastway Couriers, Ireland which may hold personal data on their website. Fastway reserve the right to change its privacy policy at any time with or without prior notice.
When we say ‘personal data’ we mean identifiable information about you, like your name, email, address, telephone number, bank account details, payment information, support queries, community comments and so on. If you can’t be identified (for example, when personal data has been aggregated and anonymised) then this notice doesn’t apply. 
By viewing and using the information provided on our websites, in relation to Fastway, you will be deemed to agree to this privacy policy.
Fastway Couriers understands that privacy is important to you, and is committed to complying with the relevant privacy legislation.
 
Privacy And Cookies Policy
1.1 Fastway Couriers Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data (“Data”) that we collect from you or that you provide to us will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. This policy should be read in conjunction with the general terms and conditions of this website.
 
Data Protection Principles
2.1 We shall perform our responsibilities under the Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2003 and in relation to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

Obtain and process information fairly and only as required to carry out contractual obligations;
Keep it only for one or more specified, explicit and lawful purposes;
Use and disclose it only in ways compatible with these purposes;
Keep it safe and secure;
Keep it accurate, complete and up to date;
Ensure it is adequate, relevant and not excessive;
Retain it for no longer than is necessary;
Give a copy of his/her personal data to that individual, on request.

 
 
Information We May Collect From You
3.1 Fastway Couriers only collects personal data necessary to carry out contractual services requested by you, or via a third party. The personal data we will collect from you generally includes your name, address, email address and contact numbers. We do not collect personal data that we do not need. Our website does not use persistent cookies. We may collect and process the following information about you:

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website www.fastway.ie.
This includes information provided by you at the time of ordering any of the services from our site. This information may include your name, address, fixed line number, mobile number, email address or other contact details.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.

 
We also receive personal data from third parties, contracted on your behalf, to carry out parcel delivery and pick up services. This data is transferred from the third party for the sole purpose of contractual obligations and will not be used for any other purpose.
 
Use And Disclosure Of Information
4.1 Data will be kept only for clear and legal purposes. We use information held about you in the following ways:

to perform a contract with you, or
where we have legitimate interests to process the personal data and they’re not overridden by your rights (Such as new product or services), or
in accordance with a legal obligation, or 
where we have your consent.

4.2 In order to provide you with any of the services ordered from our site disclosure of your Data will necessarily be made to:

independent third parties who are licensed to operate as Fastway Couriers;
independent third parties who are authorised to act as agents of Fastway Couriers; and
to notify you about changes to our service.
where necessary, to other independent third party service providers who may be engaged in activities that include the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services (and who may use such Data for that purpose).

4.3 Save as required by law (including that of any jurisdiction to which we provide carriage services) or in order to apply our terms and conditions (including our Conditions of Carriage) no other disclosure of Data will be made to third parties for those third parties' own purposes or use.
4.4 Data may be legitimately given to Fastway Couriers or their agents or other third parties for legitimate purposes as described above. This may include the transfer of data to other jurisdictions for processing (in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2003 and GDPR 2018). In these circumstances we will ensure that adequate contractual and technical safeguards are in place to protect your Data. All such processing will take place in full compliance with all applicable laws.
4.5 Fastway Couriers takes reasonable steps to ensure the security of your personal information. We frequently update our anti-virus software to protect our systems from computers viruses. Further, all Fastway Couriers employees are required, as a condition of employment, to treat personal information held by Fastway Couriers as confidential. However, you should be aware that the internet is not a secure environment. We cannot protect personal information before it reaches us.
 
Where We Store Your Personal Data
5.1 The data that we collect from you may be transferred in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2003 to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). The EEA currently comprises the Member states of the European Union plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. It may also be processed by independent third party service providers operating outside the EEA who work with us to fulfil your order or process your payment details or provide support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
5.2 All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using industry standard secure sockets layer (SSL) technology.
However, please note that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
 
Your Rights
6.1 You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing or other purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by notifying use via your dedicated client email address. At no point is your personal data subject to automatic decision making by Parcel Connect or Fastway Couriers.
6.2 Access To Your Information - You are entitled to copies of your Data kept by us. Requests should be in writing (We may charge a small fee to cover the administration costs. This fee is set by the Data Protection Commissioner from time to time) and should be addressed to Parcel Connect Limited, 46 North Street, Swords, Co. Dublin. Please quote your name and address. We will take all reasonable steps to confirm your identity before issuing any copy Data.
6.3 You have the right to know what personal data we hold about you and to ensure its correct and up to date
You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us through the online support feature on the website.  We will review and investigate your request and reply to you within 1 month
6.4 If you are unhappy with how we are process your personal data, please let us know via on online support feature and we’ll get back to you with 1 month. You also have to option to contact your local data protection authority and they will advise you on any necessary steps.
 
Changes To Our Policy
7.1 We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation. Any changes that we may make will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail
 
Retention
8.1 The length of time we keep your personal data depends on what it is and whether we have an ongoing business need to retain it (for example, to provide you with a service you’ve requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
We’ll retain your personal data for as long as we have a relationship with you and for a period of time afterwards where we have an ongoing business need to retain it. Following that period, we’ll make sure it’s deleted or anonymised.
 
Cookies Policy
9.1 Parcel Connect respects the privacy of all visitors to our website. This Cookie Policy outlines our policy concerning the use of cookies on www.parcelconnect.ie. We may update our Cookie Policy from time to time to reflect any changes in technology or legislation which may affect the way in which cookies are used by us and how you as a user, can manage them.
What are Cookies? Cookies are small text files sent from a website and stored in the user’s web browser while user is browsing a website. When users visit the same website again, the browser sends cookies back to the website allowing the website to recognise the user and remember things like personalised details or preferences.  More information about cookies and details of how to manage or disable them can be found on www.aboutcookies.org.
Please note: that if you choose to opt-out of receiving cookies (by disabling the cookie function on your browser), you may lose some functionality of www.parcelconnect.ie.
9.2 When you use the www.parcelconnect.ie website the following types of cookies can be set on your device:

Strictly necessary cookies These cookies enable services that you have specifically asked for. Without these cookies, the full functionality of this website may not be available to you. These cookies don’t contain any personally identifiable information.
Performance cookies These cookies are used to collect statistical information about visitors of the website and the pages they view. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and used anonymously. We use these cookies to understand what content is popular which helps us to improve our website.
Functional Cookies These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced and more personal features. Some examples of such features include:
Remembering your preferences and settings such as redirect to mobile version of the site when you are browsing with a smart phone
Remembering when you've inputted information on www.parcelconnect.ie so that you don't do this more than once during your visit.
If you have a www.parcelconnect.ie account, a cookie on your computer lets us remember your user name and email address so you don't have to enter it again when you are re-ordering services.


  
