
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USED BY REVERBNATION 
When users register with the Site, ReverbNation collects user submitted personal information such as name, mailing address, email address, telephone number and age.  ReverbNation uses that information to authenticate users and to send notifications to users relating to, without limitation, the Services and other opportunities.
As is standard practice on many corporate websites, ReverbNation also logs non-personally-identifiable information, including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type, from the Site. This data is used to improve the website services, to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users' movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. ReverbNation will not use the information collected to market directly to that person. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to users. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes.
In addition, ReverbNation uses pixel tags - tiny graphic images - to tell us what parts of the Site have been visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on the Site. Pixel tags also enable us to send email messages in a format that customers can read. And they tell us whether emails have been opened to assure that we are only sending messages that are of interest to our users.
User Profile information, including users’ pictures and names, is displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the ReverbNation social networking community.
ReverbNation may also use a user’s email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding the Services. ReverbNation may send email messages which use a "click-through URL" linked to content on the Site. When a user clicks one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. ReverbNation tracks this click-through data to help determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.
From time to time, ReverbNation or a partner may sponsor an opportunity, promotion, or contest through the Site. Users may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate. ReverbNation may transfer personal information to certain advertising partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply.
ReverbNation may also collect information for market research purposes to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide more valuable service. ReverbNation also collects information regarding customer activities on our Site, and on related websites. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites and Internet services are of most interest to them.
In cases where you use a mobile device to access our sites or use or applications, we may receive information about the location of your device. We may use this information to develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, and other offerings.
We use the information that we collect to develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, and other offerings.

