



Privacy Policy







At WEPA!® we are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of
our Internet users. This document outlines the management of any/all
information provided to us by users.

We have two types of users: registered and non-registered.
Registered users have filled out one or more forms providing us with
information, usually in order to list a web site in our directory. Non-registered 
users have never filled out a form on our site, nor provided us directly with any 
information.

All Users

During the process of delivering a web page to you, we do NOT collect any
personal information such as your name, address, phone number, or e-mail
address. However, the web server logs the following connection
information: 1) The IP (Internet) Address of your Internet Service
Provider, 2) The date and time of your connection, 3) The document or
image that was viewed, 4) Your browser type i.e. Netscape or Explorer,
5) Your operating system type i.e. Windows XP or MacOS, and 6) The page or
site that referred you to ours.


The information from our web server logs is aggregated and analyzed to
assist us in determining: 1) Total Traffic to our site, 2) Popular 
documents and search queries, 3) Proper load balancing to maximize our 
bandwidth and computer assets, and 4) Site compatibility with different
browser versions. Service Provider data is analyzed geographically to
determine the percentage of users accessing us from Puerto Rico and other
parts of the world.



We are a member of the Google AdSense network. This network provides most of the advertising in our site.
It uses the information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about 
your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to 
you. In order to do this, a cookie is stored in your browser. If you would like more information about 
this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google, please click here.

We also suggest you visit Google's Privacy Center for an in-depth look at their use of cookies for advertising and marketing.


This site contains links to other sites. WEPA!® is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites to which
we link.


Registered Users

Registered users are those that provide us with personal and/or corporate
information. At present, this occurs at the moment of 1) registering a web
site for inclusion in our directory/search engine.


All personal information is for our internal use only, unless the user
requests otherwise.


Because of the nature of our services, we assume that users registering a
business website wish to make public corporate information such as
address, telephone, and fax numbers. Except for the city and state, it is
not a requirement to enter this information in order to be listed in our
directory. WE STRONGLY SUGGEST THAT NON-COMMERCIAL USERS DO NOT
LIST PERSONAL TELEPHONE NUMBERS AND ADDRESSES.


Registered users can edit or delete the website information that appears
in our directory by using this form and the
password chosen at initial registration.


We do not sell the lists of our registered users. Period.



This document is under development. Other documents that may be of
interest to you are:
Acceptable Use Policy,
Disclaimer, and 
Frequently Asked Questions.


Please address privacy concerns not yet listed here to our webmaster@wepa.com.
Go Back...

 


