October 29, 2018
    This information of processing of personal data are addressed to the
    clients (players) of the PIXEL FEDERATION, s. r. o., which are primarily
    users („Players”) of software products („Games”) of the company. Our
    company depends on the proper processing of its clients’ personal data. As
    of May 25th, 2018 we are processing the data of our clients in accordance
    with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of
    27th of April 2016 on the protection of individuals focusing on processing
    of personal data and on the free movement of such data, which repeals the
    Directive 95/46/EC (General Regulation on the Protection of Personal Data)
    (afterwards referred to only as „Regulation“) and the relevant Slovak
    legislation no. 18/2018 Z. z. on the Protection of Personal Data and on the
    Amendment to Certain Acts (the "Act").

    Please, follow the text below in acquaintance to the processing of your
    personal data. The purpose of this document is to provide you with a clear
    answer to why we are processing your personal data, how we process it, what
    your rights according to this process are and provide you with other
    relevant information about processing your personal data.

CONTENT:


        A. Terms related to the process of assessment of personal data
    

B. Who is the operator of your personal data?

C. Which personal data are we processing?


        D. From which source are we collecting your personal data?
    


        E. Which are the main purposes for processing of your personal
        data?
    

F. To whom can be your personal data provided?

G. Where are your personal data being processed?

H. How long do we keep your personal data in evidence?

I. Profiling and the process of an automated decision

J. Your rights related to processing of your personal data


        K. How can you get more information and enforce your rights?
    
Full policy
            A. Terms related to the process of assessment of personal data

    

    
        Please, get acquainted with basic terms listed on this document, which can
        be useful to you for the better understanding of this document.
    

Personal data
        – any information regarded to the identified and identifiable individual,
        e. g. name, surname, date of birth, telephone number, e-mail address, user
        ID, IP address, etc.,
    

Affected person
        – an individual, to which the personal data are related,
    

Processing of personal data 
        – an operation or set of the operations with personal data, e. g.
        collecting, recording, organizing, storing, changing, using, providing to
        third parties or deleting,
    

Operator – 
        an individual or legal person, which determines the purpose and ways
        related to the processing of your personal data; this competence can be
        transferred to the intermediary,
    

Intermediary 
        – an individual or legal person, a public authority, an agency or other
        subject, which processes the personal data for the operator and in his
        name,
    


Purpose 
        – a reason, why personal data are being processed by the operator,
    

Special categories of personal data
        – a sensitive personal information, which is defined by its specific
        character, e. g. health or biometric data to identify the person,
    

Authorized (legitimate) interest 
        – an interest of operator or any other subject that results in the need to
        process the personal data, if it prevails over the interest of the affected
        person,
    

Profiling 
        – any automated processing of personal data, which consists of the use of
        personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects of the affected person,
    


Recipient – 
        an individual, legal person, public authority or any other subject, to whom
        are personal data provided.
    

       B. Who is the operator of your personal data?
    

        The operator of your personal data is PIXEL FEDERATION, s. r. o. with
        registered residence: Einsteinova 19, Bratislava 851 01, Slovakia, IČO: 36
        816 388, registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court
        Bratislava I, section: Sro, insertion no. 47333/B (thereinafter in text
        referred to as "Company"). The Company determines the purpose and ways of
        the processing of your personal data.
    

        Basic information about Company: Einsteinova 19, 851 01 Bratislava,
        Slovakia.
    

        For questions concerning the processing of your personal data by the
        Company feel free to contact us via the
        
            support@pixelfederation.com
        
        or
        
            privacy@pixelfederation.com
        
        email address or by writing at PIXEL FEDERATION, s. r. o., Einsteinova 19,
        Bratislava 851 01, Slovakia.
    

       C. Which personal data are we processing?
    

        The Company processes personal data that is necessary to provide you with
        products and services or, where appropriate, to protect itself and its
        legitimate interests. The Company processes primarily the next necessary
        categories of personal data about its clients (Players):
    


Basic identification data:
            name, surname, unique identifier of a player (User ID)
        

Contact data:
            e-mail address, country
        

Other data,
            that are being processed by the Company: IP address, Cookies files, in
            certain situations also your Facebook friends and other traffic data
            (IP address, device model, architecture of CPU, version OS, etc.)
        


       D. From which source are we collecting your personal data?
    

        The Company acquires your personal data in particular from you, especially
        when accepting the mutual (contractual) agreement about the software use
        (EULA). Your personal data can be also acquired from other subjects – third
        parties, e. g. Facebook, Google, Apple, Amazon, Steam, Samsung, WizQ,
        however only on the basis of your personal authorization provided to these
        subjects in order to grant your data to the Company.
    


            E. Which are the main purposes for processing of your personal data?

    

For the reason of concluding and fulfilling the contract


        Due to the process of conclusion and fulfillment of the contract Company
        processes your personal data in order of providing an access to the
        software (game) of the Company for the user (Player), in order of providing
        the player support and improving the quality of the services provided by
        the Company necessary to the rightful function through updates and
        enhancements, the enhancement of the game surrounding and providing of new
        functionalities. For this purpose, Company may follow your interactions
        with Company, as well as to monitor different areas, in which you are
        interested in. The obtained data can be also used as for the purposes of
        optimization and improvement of the content of services provided to you by
        the Company as part of the software and also in order to detect potential
        malfunctions and mistakes (errors).
    

        Obtained and processed data by Company may be also processed in order to
        compiling and publishing purposes of general statistical reports to extend
        and customize of services provided to players, appealing to their
        preferences. These data do not contain information about the content which
        could by any way lead to identification of random individual.
    

        Data obtained by the Company for designed purposes are being processed on
        the legal basis of the contractual agreement between the Company and end
        users – Players – in form of defined licensing terms and agreements about
        the use of products and services provided by the Company (EULA).
    

        According to GDPR is EULA being considered to be a contract in accordance
        with article 6, point 1, letter b) for the purposes of the determination of
        legal basis in the operation of processing the personal data.
    

        For the needs of above defined purposes Company processes following
        personal data of the players:
    

        · Registration and authentication of the Facebook account
    

        Data being processed: generally accessible data of Facebook profile, e-mail
        address, Facebook Friend List (optional), other traffic data,
    

        · Registration and authentication via Apple, Google, Amazon, Steam,
        Samsung, WizQ
    

        Data being processed: e-mail address and other traffic data
    


            Direct registration
        


        Data being processed: e-mail address and other traffic data
    

For the reasons of direct marketing


        Under the conditions of its software (game) the Company also uses the
        functionality of so-called „banners“, through which the player is offered
        „gems“ (a specific kind of payment under the conditions of each single
        game). This menu is displayed to the players while using software (playing
        game) as one of the options within the game settings or menu of the game.
        The player can through these menus purchase additional options, extensions,
        accessories or any other functionalities within the terms of a specific
        game.
    

        Based on an analogical advance, various limited offers (so called „premium
        item“) are being promoted in order to purchase the special edition of the
        particular element under the conditions of software.
    

        These activities represent the form of direct marketing used by Company in
        the relation to GDPR, that is oriented at specific players and address
        their potential needs.
    

        The Company implements these activities only under the conditions of the
        software (game) itself. The use of these activities in any way leads
        players to the process of purchase, nor does them limit in common use of
        the game.
    

        According to GDPR, the legal basis for processing of your personal data in
        terms of this form of marketing is to legitimate interest of the Company in
        accordance with article 6, point 1, letter f) and in accordance with
        section 47 of the GDPR.
    

        In terms of the direct marketing’s realization necessaries Company
        processed the following personal data of players:
    


            e-mail address
        

            User ID
        

            IP address
        


       F. To whom can be provided your personal data?
    

        We process your personal data to their fullest possible extent internally
        within the Company. Your personal data are being provided to other subjects
        only when it’s necessary to achieve the purpose of processing.
    

Intermediaries


        Company cooperates in the case of some activities with external subjects,
        which process personal data under the name of the Company (thereinafter
        „Intermediaries”). Intermediaries process personal data always on the basis
        of a contract between the Company and intermediary. Current company
        intermediaries are:
    

        Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon)
    


            Infrastructure support (Chillisys s.r.o., SPECIT, s.r.o., Lightstorm, s.r.o.)
        

            Payment portals

                (Facebook, Google, Apple, Amazon, PayPal, Skrill, Paysafecard,
                Klarna, Sofort, WizQ, Samsung)

        


        Customer support (Freshdesk)
    

        The purpose of intermediaries’ services is to collect, store and provide
        data, that are necessary for the basic and distributed operation of
        provided services by Company within the offered software, as well as
        providing of the basic infrastructure for the operation of specific
        functionalities and software components.
    

Public authorities


        Your personal data can be provided to public authorities in case of
        imposition by law or this advance is necessary for the fulfillment of law’s
        obligations. Public authorities include in particular courts and
        authorities involved in criminal investigation, etc.
    

       G. Where are your personal data being processed?
    

        Your personal data are being processed on servers within the so-called
        cloud services, provided through third parties’ companies on the basis of a
        contract between the Company and particular third party. These companies
        are from the point of view of processing the personal data perceived as an
        intermediary.
    

       H. How long do we keep your personal data in evidence?
    

        Company processes your personal data for as long as it’s necessary for the
        duration of an EULA’s contractual relations.
    

        Company applies the principle of minimalization, which means that after the
        duration of processing your personal data expires, the personal data will
        be anonymized or deleted from databases and information systems of the
        Company, and at the latest 10 years after the termination of a contractual
        obligation of EULA.
    

       I. Profiling and the process of an automated decision
    

        Company doesn’t implement in relation to you and your personal data an
        automatic individualized decision making including profiling, that could
        cause legal effects on your person.
    

       J. Your rights related to processing of your personal data
    

        You have the following rules in relation to the processing of your personal
        data:
    


Access to personal data



        According to art. 15 of the Regulation you have right to: a) obtain the
        confirmation that Company processed your personal data, b) in case the
        Company processes your personal data, the right to obtain information about
        this advance as referred in art. 15 point 1 of the Regulation, c) receive a
        copy of personal data, which are being processed by Company.
    

        In case of unfounded and inadequate requests, primarily because of their
        repeated nature, Company can demand a reasonable fee for the copy.
    


Correction of personal data



        According to art. 16 of the Regulation you have right to demand correction
        of incorrect data or completion of incomplete personal data processed by
        Company. Correction or completion is Company obligated to do without undue
        delay, always based on technical options in particular case.
    


Deletion of personal data



        You have the right to demand the deletion of your personal data without
        undue delay and in cases listed in art. 17 of the Regulation, especially
        when: a) personal data are no longer required for the purposes, for which
        were obtained, b) you’ll call off the approval with the processing of
        personal data, c) you oppose to the processing of personal data for the
        legitimate purposes of the Company and there are no legitimate reasons for
        the processing or you oppose to the processing for the purposes of direct
        marketing, or d) personal data were processed illegally.
    


Restriction to the process of personal data



        According to art. 18 of the Regulation you have right to object to the
        processing of personal data, in case you’ll object the accuracy of the
        personal data, legitimacy or merits of its processing, or if you’ll object
        to their processing.
    


The portability of personal data



        If you provide us with your personal data in relation to the contract or based on your
        own approval and the processing of personal data is being based on an
        automated manner, you have the right to obtain from us these personal data
        in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. If it’d be
        technically possible, we may provide your personal data to the operator,
        which you’ll determine.
    


The right to object against the processing of personal data
            



        According to art. 21 of the Regulation you have right to object against the
        processing of your personal data, in case the processing is being carried
        due to the legitimate interest of the Company. In case Company won’t
        exhibit that there exist necessary and legitimate reasons for processing,
        which prevail over your own interests, rights and freedom, or reasons for
        demonstration, applying or defense of the law requirements, Company will
        end processing of personal data based on your objection and without undue
        delay.
    


The right to turn to supervisory authority



        If you suppose that in terms of our activities comes to an unauthorized
        processing of the personal data, you may address with the complaint to the
        supervisory authority, which is the Office for the Protection of Personal
        Data of the Slovak Republic for the territory of the Slovak Republic.
    


Revocation with the processing of personal data



        Conferment of the approval with the processing of personal data is optional
        and it’s up to you, whether you confer the approval in a proposed scope or
        not. The approval with the processing of personal data can be at any time
        taken back. The withdrawal with the approval does not have any effect on
        the legitimacy of the processing before it was taken back.
    

        The above rights apply to the extent and under the conditions set forth in
        the Regulation.
    


            K. How can you get more information and enforce your rights?

    

        In case you have questions about the processing of your personal data or
        you want to know more information, you can contact us by writing us on our
        address: PIXEL FEDERATION, s. r. o., with registered residence: Einsteinova
        19, Bratislava 851 01, Slovakia, or by e-mail address:
        
            support@pixelfederation.com
        
        or
        
            privacy@pixelfederation.com .
        


        This document will be regularly updated. Status as of 25th of May 2018.
    
