At Boston Medical Center, we place the highest priority on a patient’s right to privacy. We are committed to providing you and your family with exceptional care and forming a relationship that is build on trust. This means that we respect your right to privacy and will endeavor to protect the confidentiality of you and your family health information–whether this information is stored in a paper or electronic file.
BMC adheres to the requirements outlined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), as well as applicable Massachusetts General Laws, which ensure the privacy and security of an individual’s health information and promotes privacy and trust between patients and their health care providers.
We have detailed policies and procedures in place to safeguard your rights to privacy and confidentiality. Our Privacy Office and the Health Information Department can also provide information on how we protect your health information and how you may request you/your minor child’s health information.
As part of HIPAA requirements, all new patients seeing their health care provider, upon their initial visits, are required to sign the Acknowledgement of Receipt of Privacy Notice form to indicate that they have received the Notice of Privacy Practices. Our Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we (hospital/provider) may use or disclose your health information; your rights to access your health information and/or to request changes to your health information. You may also request a list of people or organizations that you did not authorize but who may have received your health information from us.
You may view Boston Medical Center Notice of Privacy Practices for Use of and Sharing of Protected Health Information and for more information about your privacy rights as a patient. Also available are additional PDF forms which you may use to exercise your rights afforded by HIPAA.
Contact our Privacy Officer
What is HIPAA?
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) or Public Law 104-191 was signed into law August 21, 1996. The Privacy Rule provides federal protections for personal information held by a covered entity, such as BMC.
As of April 14, 2003, the Federal Office of Civil Rights implemented new rules related to the privacy and confidentiality of your health information. As part of those new rules, we are required to obtain your signature in acknowledgement of how we (hospital/provider) use and share your health information. Our Notice of Privacy Practices (NPP) describes how we may use or disclose your health information and your rights to access and/or change that information. As described in our Notice, you may request copies of your health information, or request a list of people or organizations that you did not authorize but who have received your health information from us.
How We Assure Your Privacy
Your privacy is very important to BMC. We do not allow access to your health information by those outside the Boston Medical Center providers unless we have the appropriate authorization to do so. We're also committed to safeguarding your personal information online.
Our workforce members are trained in the appropriate use and disclosure of health information and know that it is available to continue to provide care to you and for other legitimate purposes. We address any violation of confidentiality or failure of a workforce member to protect your information from accidental or unauthorized access.
Please bookmark www.bmc.org/privacy to return to this page in the future as we continue to review and update our policies as needed.
HIPAA Notice of Patient Privacy Practices
At Boston Medical Center, we place the highest priority on a patient’s right to privacy. We are committed to respect your right to privacy and confidentiality of your health information at all times.
As part of HIPAA requirements, all new patients seeing their health care provider upon their initial visits are required to sign the Acknowledgement of Receipt of Privacy Notice form to indicate that they have received the Notice of Privacy Practices. Our Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we (hospital/provider) may use or disclose your health information; your rights to access your health information and or to request changes to your health information. You may also request a list of people or organization that you did not authorize but who may have received your health information from us.
Notice of Patient Privacy Practices (PDFs)
Massachusetts Immunization Information System (MIIS)
BMC is participating in the Massachusetts Immunization Information System (MIIS), a secure registry managed by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health that tracks all immunizations given in the state.
The goal of the program is to enable providers to look up a patient’s immunization status in order to improve vaccine delivery.
Learn more about Massachusetts Immunization Information System (MIIS)
Health Information Release Forms
If you experience any difficulties downloading the forms, please contact 617.414.4201.
 
Contact Our Privacy Officer
If you have questions or concerns regarding your privacy, or you would like to review your health information on-site or request changes or corrections to your health information, or file a breach of confidentiality complaint, you may contact our Privacy Officer at:
Call: 1.800.586.2627, or Email: [email protected]
Regular business hours Monday-Friday 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM; after hours, please leave a message and your call will be returned on the next business day.
Mailing Address
Boston Medical Center
Yawkey Ambulatory Care Center
Attn: HIPAA Privacy Officer
850 Harrison Avenue, BR-09B
Boston, MA 02118
Contact Medical Records
