Privacy Policy
bet-at-home.com undertakes to protect the personal data of its customers. Personal data is considered to be information about individuals concerned whose identity is, or can be, determined. This includes e.g. information such as name, address, e-mail address, or other information which can be traced to a certain natural person. 
	

	This Data Protection Directive contains (together with thebet-at-home.com handles personal data. By accessing bet-at-home.com agreement is made with the procedures expounded in this Policy.
	
		1. Information which bet-at-home.com stores about its customers 
	
	Customer data which is collected and used for the contractual relationship with bet-at-home.com is personal data and is handled in accordance with the Maltese Data Protection Act as well as all other relevant legal provisions. bet-at-home.com, based in Portomaso Business Tower, Level 12, STJ 4011, St. Julian's, Malta, Tel.: +356-21314833, is the responsible authority in relation to all aspects of the collection and processing of customer data.
	

bet-at-home.com may save the following information about its customers:
	

1.1 Information which the customer directly transmits to bet-at-home.com:
	

	This includes information which bet-at-home.com obtains from the customer via the filling out of forms on bet-at-home.com or via telephone, e-mail, or other written communication. The collection or processing of customer data is a necessary condition for the conclusion of the contract and is solely for this purpose. By concluding the contract, the customer agrees to the collection or processing of their data. The minimum information which must be declared is stated in the "Account" section of the

1.2 Information which bet-at-home.com collects about its customers:
	
	While a customer is visiting the websites of bet-at-home.com, the following data may be stored:
	
	Technical information, including the IP address which the customer uses to connect their computer with the internet, the customer’s login data, the type and version of the customer’s web browser, the customer’s time zone settings, types and versions of browser plugins, operating system and platform. Information regarding the customer’s visit, including the complete URL, to, on and of bet-at-home.com (including date and time), offers which the customer considers, the length of the visit to certain pages, the pages’ interactive information (such as e.g. scrolling, clicks, and holding the mouse pointer) as well as the methods used to leave the page and all contact numbers which were used to contact bet-at-home.com.
	

1.3 Information which bet-at-home.com receives from other sources:
	
bet-at-home.com may receive information about its customers from third parties (such as business partners, subcontractors for technical services, supplies and payment processing, advertising networks, analytics providers, search services, and credit agencies).
	2. Disclosure of customer data
2.1 The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that their personal data may be transmitted to members of the bet-at-home.com group (i.e. subsidiaries and the holding company of bet-at-home.com). 
	

2.2.  The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that their personal data will be transmitted to third party service providers if required for the contract and the services associated therewith. However, for this to occur, these third party providers must adhere to an acceptable level of data protection in line with European data protection rules.
	

2.3. The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that their personal data may be transmitted to selected third parties, including:
	

			Business partners, suppliers, and subcontractors for the purposes of the performance of contracts between bet-at-home.com and the aforementioned or the customer.
		

			Advertisers and advertising networks which require the data in order to deliver suitable offers (particularly, but not exclusively, regarding products and offers from bet-at-home.com or other members of the group) to the customer and others.
		

			Analytics providers and search services which support bet-at-home.com in improving and optimising products.
		

2.4. The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that their personal data may be disclosed to third parties:
	

			In the event that bet-at-home.com sells and/or purchases tangible or intangible goods and rights, the personal data may be disclosed to the potential seller or buyer.
		

			In the event that essentially all of the assets of bet-at-home.com are acquired by a third party, the personal data may represent an asset which is to be transferred and may be transmitted from bet-at-home.com to third parties. 
		

2.5. The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that bet-at-home.com reserves the right to disclose and transmit personal data for the purposes of adhering to legal and regulatory provisions, and enforcing the   bet-at-home.com, the customers of bet-at-home.com or third parties. This includes, in particular, the exchange of information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of combatting fraud, investigating criminal offences, and maintaining the integrity of sport. bet-at-home.com discloses personal data when ordered to do so by mandate of the governing authorities and/or under the provisions of applicable law. Furthermore, bet-at-home.com reserves the right to disclose personal data when the company has reasonable grounds to suspect irregularities that involve a bet-at-home.com betting account. The customer expressly agrees to such a transfer of data under the terms of this point.
	3. Storage of personal data
3.1 Customer data is transmitted, stored, and processed electronically. All information which the customer transmits to bet-at-home.com is saved on the servers of bet-at-home.com and can only be accessed by trained and authorised personnel. The customer undertakes to keep passwords which provide him/her access to certain areas a secret.
	

3.2 The data, which is stored by bet-at-home.com, may be transmitted to a place outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA") and stored there. The data may also be processed by staff members who are active outside of the EEA and work for bet-at-home.com or its suppliers. These staff members may be, inter alia, involved in the handling of orders, as well as the processing of customers’ payment details and in support services. By submitting their personal data to bet-at-home.com, the customer consents to the aforementioned transmission, storage, and processing of their data. bet-at-home.com takes all measures necessary to ensure that the data is handled securely and in accordance with this Data Privacy Statement.
	

3.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. bet-at-home.com takes all possible steps to protect the personal data of customers. However, complete security of customers’ data can never be guaranteed. Each data transmission thus takes place at the customer’s own risk. After bet-at-home.com has received the data, the company applies strict procedures and security features in order to prevent unauthorised access to the data.
	4. Cookies
4.1 On the website www.bet-at-home.com, cookies, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other similar technologies collectively called "cookies" are used. A cookie is a small file that is stored on the visitor’s hard disk.
	

4.2 bet-at-home.com makes use of certain cookies not only for the purposes of identifying the client upon repeat visits and making playing activity easier, but especially as part of the activities aimed at preventing possible illegal or fraudulent activities. Consequently the usage of these cookies is necessary for the proper performance of the contract with bet-at-home.com and the services associated therewith.
	

	 Furthermore, when visits to the website bet-at-home.com are made, the company transfers cookies to register which products the visitor is interested in, in order to place specific advertisements on other websites.
	

4.3 Cookies are used by third parties to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet.  These third parties use this information in order to be able to offer measuring services and targeted adverts.
	

	Each advert on other websites provides the user with the opportunity to opt out of the collection and usage of their information for targeted advertising.
	

4.4  The help features of most browsers provide information regarding the usage of cookies generally, such as how to prevent the browser from accepting cookies or how to disable cookies altogether.
	

	Information is also available at

5. bet-at-home.com may, provided that the customer has consented upon registration, send information and promotional material to the address given by the customer. The customer can revoke this consent at any time, either by using their betting account and sending an email to , or by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. Cancellation has no impact on the services offered by bet-at-home.com, as stipulated by the contract, or the continued existence of the contract. 
	

6. Customer data is processed electronically and can only be accessed by trained and authorised personnel who are bound to handle personal data confidentially and in accordance with the Maltese Data Protection Act.
	

7.  The customer is hereby made aware of their rights in relation to information, correction and deletion of data concerning them in accordance with Section V of the Maltese Data Protection Act. Furthermore, the customer has the right to obtain information to confirm the existence of their data. The customer is also entitled to change and/or delete incorrect or incomplete data. Additional rights can be found in Section V of the Maltese Data Protection Act.
	

8.  This website includes sharing functions such as the Twitter Tweet and the Facebook share button. Using these functions may result in personal data being saved, forwarded and processed.
	

Facebook-Share-Button

	 Plugins from the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, can be recognised by the Facebook logo or the "Like" button. Facebook Ireland Limited, Hanover Reach, 5-7 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, IRELAND, is responsible for users outside of the USA and Canada.
	

bet-at-home.com hereby states that it has no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook. bet-at-home.com > accepts no liability for any damages or other losses that may arise from this data use.
	

bet-at-home.com emphasises that the customer can avoid this collection and linking of data by logging out of their profile before they use the website. 
	

Twitter-Tweet-Button

	 Plugins from twitter.com, Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market St, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103, USA, can be recognised by a white bird on a light blue background.
	

bet-at-home.com hereby states that it has no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Twitter.bet-at-home.com accepts no liability for any damages or other losses that may arise from this data use.
	

9. bet-at-home.com hereby states that Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"), is used on this website in order to collect IP addresses anonymously. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files stored on the customer’s computer and allow for analysis of the customer’s webpage usage. The information generated by the cookie about the customer’s use of this website (including their IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If an IP anonymisation service is activated on this website, Google will shorten the customer’s IP address to one within the European Union or other states within the European economic area. Only in rare cases will an entire IP address be sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Google uses this information to evaluate a customer’s use of this website, to create reports on website activity for the operator, and to offer other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may give this data to third parties should this be legally required or if the third parties analyse the data on Google’s behalf. Google will not connect the customer’s IP address with any other Google data. The customer can deactivate the use of cookies in their browser’s options. It should be noted that if this decision be taken, no guarantee can be made that the customer will be able to access all areas and services of the website. By using this website, the customer agrees to Google using data in the aforementioned manner and for the aforementioned purpose.
	

bet-at-home.com states, moreover, that it uses the Demographics and Interest Reporting feature of Google Analytics. This feature allows bet-at-home.com to review anonymous and aggregated data regarding the gender, age, and interests of website visitors. The data is collected through first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie).
	

	The customer can opt out of future Google Analytics data collection by installing the following browser add-on:

10. bet-at-home.com furthermore states that this website uses web analytics service tools from Inspectlet,

11.  If there are any changes to this privacy policy, bet-at-home.com will replace this page with an updated version. All versions contain the version number and the date of the validity change. The customer is responsible for regularly reading all versions to check if changes or updates have been made..
	

12. Severability clause:
	
	Should individual provisions of this Data Privacy Statement be held to be void or unenforceable, or become void or unenforceable, the validity of the rest of the Data Privacy Statement will remain unaffected.
	undertakes to protect the personal data of its customers. Personal data is considered to be information about individuals concerned whose identity is, or can be, determined. This includes e.g. information such as name, address, e-mail address, or other information which can be traced to a certain natural person.This Data Protection Directive contains (together with the General Terms and Conditions as well as all other documents which concern this) the basis on whichhandles personal data. By accessingagreement is made with the procedures expounded in this Policy.Customer data which is collected and used for the contractual relationship withis personal data and is handled in accordance with the Maltese Data Protection Act as well as all other relevant legal provisions., based in Portomaso Business Tower, Level 12, STJ 4011, St. Julian's, Malta, Tel.: +356-21314833, is the responsible authority in relation to all aspects of the collection and processing of customer data.may save the following information about its customers:Information which the customer directly transmits toThis includes information whichobtains from the customer via the filling out of forms onor via telephone, e-mail, or other written communication. The collection or processing of customer data is a necessary condition for the conclusion of the contract and is solely for this purpose. By concluding the contract, the customer agrees to the collection or processing of their data. The minimum information which must be declared is stated in the "Account" section of the General Terms and Conditions Information whichcollects about its customers:While a customer is visiting the websites of, the following data may be stored:Technical information, including the IP address which the customer uses to connect their computer with the internet, the customer’s login data, the type and version of the customer’s web browser, the customer’s time zone settings, types and versions of browser plugins, operating system and platform. Information regarding the customer’s visit, including the complete URL, to, on and of(including date and time), offers which the customer considers, the length of the visit to certain pages, the pages’ interactive information (such as e.g. scrolling, clicks, and holding the mouse pointer) as well as the methods used to leave the page and all contact numbers which were used to contactInformation whichreceives from other sources:may receive information about its customers from third parties (such as business partners, subcontractors for technical services, supplies and payment processing, advertising networks, analytics providers, search services, and credit agencies).The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that their personal data may be transmitted to members of thegroup (i.e. subsidiaries and the holding company of).The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that their personal data will be transmitted to third party service providers if required for the contract and the services associated therewith. However, for this to occur, these third party providers must adhere to an acceptable level of data protection in line with European data protection rules.The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that their personal data may be transmitted to selected third parties, including:The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that their personal data may be disclosed to third parties:The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees thatreserves the right to disclose and transmit personal data for the purposes of adhering to legal and regulatory provisions, and enforcing the General Terms and Conditions or other agreements, or for safeguarding the rights, property, or security of, the customers ofor third parties. This includes, in particular, the exchange of information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of combatting fraud, investigating criminal offences, and maintaining the integrity of sport.discloses personal data when ordered to do so by mandate of the governing authorities and/or under the provisions of applicable law. Furthermore,reserves the right to disclose personal data when the company has reasonable grounds to suspect irregularities that involve abetting account. The customer expressly agrees to such a transfer of data under the terms of this point.Customer data is transmitted, stored, and processed electronically. All information which the customer transmits tois saved on the servers ofand can only be accessed by trained and authorised personnel. The customer undertakes to keep passwords which provide him/her access to certain areas a secret.The data, which is stored by, may be transmitted to a place outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA") and stored there. The data may also be processed by staff members who are active outside of the EEA and work foror its suppliers. These staff members may be, inter alia, involved in the handling of orders, as well as the processing of customers’ payment details and in support services. By submitting their personal data to, the customer consents to the aforementioned transmission, storage, and processing of their data.takes all measures necessary to ensure that the data is handled securely and in accordance with this Data Privacy Statement.Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure.takes all possible steps to protect the personal data of customers. However, complete security of customers’ data can never be guaranteed. Each data transmission thus takes place at the customer’s own risk. Afterhas received the data, the company applies strict procedures and security features in order to prevent unauthorised access to the data.On the website www., cookies, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other similar technologies collectively called "cookies" are used. A cookie is a small file that is stored on the visitor’s hard disk.makes use of certain cookies not only for the purposes of identifying the client upon repeat visits and making playing activity easier, but especially as part of the activities aimed at preventing possible illegal or fraudulent activities. Consequently the usage of these cookies is necessary for the proper performance of the contract withand the services associated therewith.Furthermore, when visits to the websiteare made, the company transfers cookies to register which products the visitor is interested in, in order to place specific advertisements on other websites.Cookies are used by third parties to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet. These third parties use this information in order to be able to offer measuring services and targeted adverts.Each advert on other websites provides the user with the opportunity to opt out of the collection and usage of their information for targeted advertising.The help features of most browsers provide information regarding the usage of cookies generally, such as how to prevent the browser from accepting cookies or how to disable cookies altogether.Information is also available at http://www.aboutads.info/choices may, provided that the customer has consented upon registration, send information and promotional material to the address given by the customer. The customer can revoke this consent at any time, either by using their betting account and sending an email to, or by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. Cancellation has no impact on the services offered by, as stipulated by the contract, or the continued existence of the contract.Customer data is processed electronically and can only be accessed by trained and authorised personnel who are bound to handle personal data confidentially and in accordance with the Maltese Data Protection Act.The customer is hereby made aware of their rights in relation to information, correction and deletion of data concerning them in accordance with Section V of the Maltese Data Protection Act. Furthermore, the customer has the right to obtain information to confirm the existence of their data. The customer is also entitled to change and/or delete incorrect or incomplete data. Additional rights can be found in Section V of the Maltese Data Protection Act.This website includes sharing functions such as the Twitter Tweet and the Facebook share button. Using these functions may result in personal data being saved, forwarded and processed.Plugins from the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, can be recognised by the Facebook logo or the "Like" button. Facebook Ireland Limited, Hanover Reach, 5-7 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, IRELAND, is responsible for users outside of the USA and Canada.hereby states that it has no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook.> accepts no liability for any damages or other losses that may arise from this data use.emphasises that the customer can avoid this collection and linking of data by logging out of their profile before they use the website.Plugins from twitter.com, Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market St, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103, USA, can be recognised by a white bird on a light blue background.hereby states that it has no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Twitter.accepts no liability for any damages or other losses that may arise from this data use.hereby states that Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"), is used on this website in order to collect IP addresses anonymously. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files stored on the customer’s computer and allow for analysis of the customer’s webpage usage. The information generated by the cookie about the customer’s use of this website (including their IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If an IP anonymisation service is activated on this website, Google will shorten the customer’s IP address to one within the European Union or other states within the European economic area. Only in rare cases will an entire IP address be sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Google uses this information to evaluate a customer’s use of this website, to create reports on website activity for the operator, and to offer other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may give this data to third parties should this be legally required or if the third parties analyse the data on Google’s behalf. Google will not connect the customer’s IP address with any other Google data. The customer can deactivate the use of cookies in their browser’s options. It should be noted that if this decision be taken, no guarantee can be made that the customer will be able to access all areas and services of the website. By using this website, the customer agrees to Google using data in the aforementioned manner and for the aforementioned purpose.states, moreover, that it uses the Demographics and Interest Reporting feature of Google Analytics. This feature allowsto review anonymous and aggregated data regarding the gender, age, and interests of website visitors. The data is collected through first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie).The customer can opt out of future Google Analytics data collection by installing the following browser add-on: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en furthermore states that this website uses web analytics service tools from Inspectlet, http://www.inspectlet.com . These analytics tools allow for evaluation of user behaviour (e.g. which contents get clicks) on our website through the usage of cookies (see point 10). Hereby a user profile is visually recorded (so-called "session cams", "heat maps" or "form analytics") using a pseudonym. These user profiles serve to analyse customer behaviour and are evaluated in order to improve and adapt our offers. Please note that personal data is neither collected, processed, nor evaluated. Furthermore, data collected via pseudonyms will not be linked to customer data. Customers can object to the collection and processing of data via these analytics tools. Instructions on how to do this can be found at http://www.inspectlet.com/exclude/125020278 If there are any changes to this privacy policy,will replace this page with an updated version. All versions contain the version number and the date of the validity change. The customer is responsible for regularly reading all versions to check if changes or updates have been made..Severability clause:Should individual provisions of this Data Privacy Statement be held to be void or unenforceable, or become void or unenforceable, the validity of the rest of the Data Privacy Statement will remain unaffected.
Last change on: 17.08.2015 00:00Version: 2.6
