
The NSW Police Force respects the privacy of our employees, volunteers and members of the public who use our services.
We are committed to protecting and serving the community, and seek trust and support from the public.
As a NSW government agency, we must meet the requirements of the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 and the Health Records and Information Privacy Act 2002.  We are required to comply with these laws to the extent they are not inconsistent with our law enforcement functions. These laws establish principles for the management of personal and health information by the NSW Police Force and outline our obligations in relation to the collection, retention, security, access, use and disclosure of personal and health information.
Privacy Policy
The NSW Police Force Privacy Policy provides a framework under which the NSW Police Force manages personal and health information.
The Online Privacy Statement, set out below, applies to all users of this website.
Online Privacy Statement
This website is maintained by the NSW Police Force. This Online Privacy Statement applies to all the publicly-accessible web pages within this website located at URL http://www.police.nsw.gov.au and to all the publicly-accessible web pages listed in the search results function. However, we do not take any responsibility for the privacy practices or policies of any third party websites linked to or from this website.
When you interact with this website or send the NSW Police Force a message through the “Contact Us” web page, we may collect personal information about you.
What information is collected?
Like many other websites, certain web page access information about your computer is automatically recorded in a log when you access any part of this website. The following types of information are recorded:

the IP (Internet Protocol) address of your computer, as well as your top-level domain name (for example, .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc.);
the date and time you accessed the web page or file;
the web address (URL) of the web page or file;
the web address (URL) of the last webpage accessed if it brought you to the current web page or file; and
the name and version of your internet browser software, computer operating system and screen resolution used to access the web page or file.

In addition, when you send the NSW Police Force a message through the “Contact Us” web page, you may choose to provide us with your personal information such as your name, email address, telephone and fax numbers and street address. Provision of this information is optional.
Please note that mobile phone users accessing this website should be aware that most phone applications enable their user's mobile phone details (and in some phone applications, also their user's geographic location) to be recorded by the NSWPF's website host. That information will be kept secure, confidential and private, in accordance with the applicable laws.
How do we use the information collected?
Web page access information recorded when you access this website may be used to improve the website and our services.  The NSW Police Force may extract and publish aggregated information about usage patterns from these records. However, we will not disclose or publish information that identifies individual computers, or identifies sub-groupings of addresses without consent, or otherwise than in accordance with the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 and the Health Records and Information Privacy Act 2002.
When you send us a message through the “Contact Us” web page, personal information you choose to provide us will only be used for the purpose of responding to your enquiry and in accordance with the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 and the Health Records and Information Privacy Act 2002.
What exceptions are there to this rule?
We may collect, use and disclose more extensive information than stated above in the following circumstances:

unauthorised attempts to access files on this website which are not accessible to the public;
unauthorised tampering or interference with files publicly-accessible on this website;
unauthorised attempts to display the contents of this website through third party websites other than typical Internet search engines;
attempts to intercept messages of users of this website;
communications which are defamatory, abusive, threatening, vilify individuals or groups or which give rise to a suspicion that an offence is being committed;
attempts to otherwise compromise the security of this website, breach the laws of the State of New South Wales or the Commonwealth of Australia, or interfere with the enjoyment of this website by other users.

Who has access to the information collected?
The NSW Police Force uses an internet hosting provider to provide the public with access to this website, which collects the web page access information as described above. This information is stored securely for archival purposes.
If the NSW Police Force needs to access the raw data, access is restricted to a limited number of staff of the NSW Police Force for the purpose of analysis and performance measurement of the website.
When you send us a message through the “Contact Us” web page, that message will be forwarded to staff of the NSW Police Force in the area you have selected. If your enquiry does not relate to that area of the NSW Police Force, we will redirect your message to the relevant area.
In instances where the use of the NSW Police Force website raises a suspicion that an offence is being, or has been, committed, information about the suspicious activity will be made available to the NSW Police Force staff who are investigating the matter.
What about my email address?
The NSW Police Force only record email addresses if you provide us with your email address through the “Contact Us” web page. We will only use your email address for the purpose of responding to your enquiry.  Your email address will not be added to any mailing list, used or disclosed for any other purpose without your consent or otherwise than in accordance with the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 and the Health Records and Information Privacy Act 2002.
However, the NSW Police Force advises that there are inherent risks in transmitting information across the Internet.
What are ‘cookies’ and how are they used on this website?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website sends to the internet browser software (which may then be stored on the computer) that is designed to save preferences or keep track of information previously selected. A cookie cannot retrieve any data from the hard drive, pass on computer viruses or capture email addresses.
Cookies can be either ‘persistent’ or ‘session’ based. Persistent cookies are stored on the computer, contain an expiry date, and may be used to track browsing behaviour upon return to the issuing web site. Session cookies are short-lived, are used only during a browsing session, and expire when closing your browser.
This website only uses session cookies for each page that is accessed during a browsing ‘session’. Cookies will not record or collect any information when you access  publicly-accessible web pages or files and use publicly-accessible online forms (including search) as provided. The website statistics for this website are generated from the web page access information as described above.
How can I access and amend my personal information?
You have certain rights under the Freedom of Information Act 1989, Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 and Health Records and Information Privacy Act 2002 to access and amend personal information held by us about you.
All enquiries about the application of the above legislation should be made to the contact details below.
Enquiries
Enquiries about this Online Privacy Statement and complaints or concerns about your privacy from the use of this website may be addressed in the first instance to:
Privacy Section
NSW Police Force
Locked Bag 5102
Parramatta NSW 2124
Alternatively, complaints or concerns about your privacy may be directed to the Privacy Commissioner, Privacy New South Wales:
Email:  privacy_nsw@agd.nsw.gov.au
Phone: (02) 8688 8585
Fax: (02) 8688 9660
Mailing address: Locked Bag 5111,  Parramatta NSW 2124

