
Data Privacy Policy

        DFS Trading Limited ("DFS", "we" or "our") takes the privacy of its customers' data very seriously.
        
 This policy (together with our DFS Cookie Policy and our Website Terms of Use as well as any other documents referred to in these) sets out the basis on which any data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us when you use our DFS websites, contact us electronically, or contact us by telephone.
        
 By making a purchase of goods or services from DFS, or providing your contact details to us in store, visiting www.dfs.co.uk, registering an account, placing an order or by communicating with DFS online by telephone you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in his policy.
        
 For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1988 (the "Act"), the data controller is DFS Trading Limited. Registered Office: 1 Rockingham Way, Redhouse Interchange, Adwick-le-Street, Doncaster, DN6 7NA. Registered number 01735950 (England and Wales).
        
 Our nominated representative for the purposes of the Act is our Data Protection Compliance Officer who may be contacted using 
contactus@dfs.co.uk

What information does DFS collect?

        In general, you can visit DFS' sites without telling us who are or revealing any personal information about yourself. In operating our site and our telephone services, DFS may, however, collect and process the following data about you:
    



Information you give to DFS. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site, in store, by communicating or corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, when you use our telephone services, register to use our site, register to use "my favourites", search for a product, place an order, apply for finance, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site or hosted by us, enter a competition, promotion or survey, request a call back from one of our personal shopping advisors, when you speak to a personal shopping advisor, when you report a problem with our products and services.
            

                The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit card information.
            

                Please note that your telephone calls with us may also be recorded for training and quality control purposes.
            
Information DFS collects about you. During each of your visits to our sites, any communications with us, or use of our telephone service we may automatically collect the following information:

                The telephone number which you use to call us from;
            

                Technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
            

                Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our sites (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
            

Information DFS receives from other sources. We may also collect information about you from other sources, and combine such information with information we hold about you - including where:
            

                You use any of our other sites including those of our Group Companies or other services that we provide;
            

                We communicate with members of your family or your household in relation to provision of our services or products (for example, to arrange for delivery);
            

                Our trusted partners have collected information about you, and you have consented to disclosure to us. For example, we may match your records with a list of email addresses provided to us by a third party;
            

                Information is available about you publicly, or is aggregated or anonymised by a third party. For example, we may apply demographic analysis of your postcode such as average household size, and average income, and the general location;
            

                You provide information to us through your use or interaction with our social media channels.
            


        In these situations, we will usually have informed when we collected that data from you that it may be shared internally and also within the DFS Group Companies Dwell and Sofaworkshop which provide our products and services to you. This additional data that we collect about you will be combined with data collected on this site.
    

        We work closely with third parties (including, for example, DFS Group Companies Dwell and Sofaworkshop which provide our products and service to you, business partners and sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, finance providers and credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
    

Sensitive Personal Data. Unless we make it clear otherwise, our policy is not to ask for any sensitive personal data. We or our service providers may require certain sensitive data to process your order or deal with your enquiries. For example; if you have special requirements for delivery or are exempt from VAT, we may require data relating to your physical or mental health in order to make arrangement requested by you.
    

        If you choose to provide this sensitive personal data to us as part of a particular service (where such information has been requested and the reasons for that discussed with you) or for any other reason, this will mean that you have given (and we accept) your explicit consent for us to use that information for the reasons described in this Privacy Policy, or as explained at the time you provide that information to us.
    

Information about other people. If you provide information to us about any person other than yourself, you must ensure that they understand how their information will be used and that they have given their permission for you to disclose it to us and for you to allow us to use it.
    
How is your personal information used?

        The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our products and services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
    

Information you give to DFS. We will use this information as follows:
    

        To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us:
    

        If you purchase any insurance or protection policies via DFS including sofacare your information will also be held on computer or other files by the insurance provider and any agents or associated company for the purposes of administering your policy, including carrying out customer surveys, claims handling and fraud prevention. The names of the other providers and details about their privacy policies are available on request.
    



                If you have agreed that we may do so, we may use your personal data to contact you with information about other goods and services
            

                If you have agreed that we may do so to permit selected third parties to use your personal data to contact you by electronic means with information about their goods and services which we consider may be of interest to you.
            

                To notify you about changes to our products and services;
            

                To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
            


Information you provide to third party finance companies


        If you wish to enter into a finance agreement, we will facilitate you to pass your information to the finance providers with whom we have agreed arrangements in place. Those finance providers are third party data controllers and are therefore responsible for any information that you provide to them. DFS simply enable you to set up a direct relationship with these providers. The third party finance providers may, for example, ask credit reference agencies about you, keep records to help them decide whether to grant credit and to provide you with finance. DFS keep records only in relation to which finance provider you have entered into an arrangement with in order to finance your purchase with us and what the amount of finance is. If an initial provider approached decides not to offer you a finance agreement, we may facilitate you to pass your information to alternative providers who may carry out their own credit searches. The names of the finance providers with whom DFS works are details about their own privacy policies are available on request.
    

Information DFS collects about you. We will use this information:
    



                To administer our site and telephone services, and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, ressearch, statistical and survey purposes;
            
To improve our site and telephone services to ensure that information is provided in the most effective manner for you (and for your computer);
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
As part of our efforts to keep our site and telephone services safe and secure;
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site and telephone services about goods or services that may interest you or them;
To keep information in compliance with our legal obligations.


Information DFS receives from other sources. We may combine the information you give to us with information which we collect about you and information which we collect or buy from third parties about you. We may use this information and the combined information we collect about you for the purposes set out above.
    
Disclosure of information

        You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your personal information, we may be obliged to do so.
    

        Unless we have your express consent we will only disclose personal data to third parties as set out in this Privacy Policy or if this is required for the purpose of completing your order or enquiry.
    

        Except with your permission, or as set out in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
    

        The data that we collect from you is processed by staff who work either for us, for one of our DFS group companies which provide products and services to you, or for one of their service providers. Such individuals or organisations may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. Where your personal information is disclosed to any of our service providers for these purposes, they will only have access to the information needed to perform their functions, and our contractual agreements with them do not permit them to use your personal information for their own purposes. We also take steps to help ensure that they will process it in compliance with the Act.
    

        We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes or use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business. For example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1).
    

        Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any member of our DFS group companies which provide products and services to you. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties including our business partners (such as our web and technology hosting companies, payment processing company, database management company, printing companies, mailing houses, fulfilment companies, government bodies and law enforcement agencies, successors in title to our business and other suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf) for the purposes set out below or for other purposes approved by you:
    


Where we need third parties to process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit card payments and provide support and other services on our behalf;

                Where we sell part or all of our business to a third party, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective or actual seller or buyer of such business or assets;
            

                Where we are legally required to disclose your information or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions or other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety or those of our customers or other third parties;
            

                To assist crime prevention, fraud protection and minimise credit risk.
            


        We may also disclose personal information you have provided to us to persons or organisations that we retain to carry out promotions and other activities for which you have registered or in which you have otherwise asked to participate.
    

        Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
    
Cookies

        Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy

Storing Your Personal Data

        Where legal requirements have been complied with we may transfer personal data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic Area for processing and storing. Your data may also be processed by staff operating outside the European Economic Area who work for us or one of our suppliers. For example, such staff may be engaged in the processing and concluding of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy.
    

        Any personal data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers and/or those of the service provider hosting our site on our behalf. Any download of information relating to any transactions entered into on our site that will be encrypted to help ensure its safety.
    

        Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share passwords with anyone.
    

        We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires in accordance with our Data Retention and Data Destruction Policies. If you have any questions relating to our retention or destruction of your data, please contact us using the details set out in the Contact Us section.
    

        In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988, we employ strict physical, electronic and administrative security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage both on-line and off-line. The transmission of information via the internet is, however, not secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically by you. Any transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. If you have any questions relating to security of your data, please contact us using the details set out in the Contact Us section.
    
Third Party Links

        You may find links to third party websites on our site. The operators of those sites will apply their own privacy policies and you should check them before you use them or submit any data to them. We are not responsible for their policies or the way they use your data or cookies, and we will not be liable for any loss, damage or distress you may suffer of incur as a consequence.
Access to information and other rights

        The Act gives you the right to:
    



                Access information that we hold about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. If you require such information, you must submit a written request and a fee of £10 may be charged. We also require proof of your identity before we supply the information to you.
            

                Ask us to prevent processing that is causing - or is likely to cause - you substantial damage or distress;
            

                Require us not to make certain decisions automatically if they significantly affect you;
            
Ask us to make any necessary changes to the personal data we hold about you in order to enqure that it is accurate and up to date;
            


        Should you wish to contact us about any of these matters, please use contactus@dfs.co.uk


        You also have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your personal data) if we intend to use it for such purposes, or if we intend to disclose it to any third party for such purposes and at that point you will have the opportunity to ask us not to by checking or un-checking (as directed) certain boxes on the form, or by opting to 'unsubscribe' as directed within the communications we send to you. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at contactus@dfs.co.uk.
    
Contact Us

        Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to the DFS Data Protection Compliance Officer at: Address: Data Protection Compliance Officer, DFS Furniture Company Limited, Rockingham Way, Redhouse Interchange, Adwick-le-Street, Doncaster, DN6 7NA Email Address: contactus@dfs.co.uk

 This Privacy Policy was last updated in May 2015.
    

