
Privacy Policy
1.	The purpose of this privacy policy is to let users of www.jobs.govt.nz (the Site) know when we collect personal information and what we do with it, and about the publication of personal information on the Site. We do not use, share or transfer personal information in connection with this Site except as set out in this policy.
Collection, storage and use
2.	You can browse this website without the need to disclose any personal information.
3.	We may collect your personal information in the following circumstances:
		
when you complete forms on this Site (including surveys, search forms, competition entry forms, registration forms and other forms);
when you create, modify or use any accounts or registered user facilities available through this Site;
when you submit a job application using this Site;
in the course of receiving questions, comments or other communications from you.

4.	Personal information that you provide will be held by DIA and the company that hosts this website HRX Technology Pty Limited. We will only use your personal information for the purposes of administering, evaluating and improving this Site or improving our services and communicating with you. HRX will only use your personal information to the extent necessary to provide administration and improvement services in relation to the Site.
5.	Other state sector agencies may also have access to the personal information you include in your job profile or any job application you submit using this Site. When creating a job profile you may elect:
		
to permit all agencies to access your profile; or
to specify which agencies are able to access you profile; or
not to permit any agencies to access your profile.

Once you have created your job profile you may access it at any time to make corrections or delete it. It is your responsibility to ensure that your job profile is accurate, up to date, complete and not misleading.
6.	Agencies will only use your personal information for their internal recruitment purposes, including assessing your suitability for positions in that agency and contacting you. Agencies are required to comply with the State Sector Code of Conduct, the New Zealand Privacy Act and other relevant regulations.
7.	Feedback is important and is used to evaluate and improve the Site. If you provide feedback on the Site using the supplied email address, that feedback will be sent to appropriate DIA staff. We may pass on relevant comments to people within DIA or other agencies who administer, have contributed content to, or are otherwise interested in, the Site. This could include your email address and other identifying information.
8.	The Department will only retain personal information for as long as it is required for the purposes for which the information may lawfully be used. Where any information provided (which may include personal information) constitutes a public record, it will be retained to the extent required by the Public Records Act.
Statistical information and cookies
9.	We may collect statistical information about your visit to help us improve the Site. This information is aggregated and not personally identifying. It includes:
		
your IP address;
the search terms you used;
the pages you accessed on the Site and the links you clicked on;
the date and time you visited the Site;
the referring site (if any) through which you clicked through to this Site;
your operating system (e.g. Windows XP, Mac OS X);
the type of web browser you used (e.g. Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox); and
other incidental matters such as screen resolution and the language setting of your browser

10.	The statistical information referred to above will be viewable by Site administrators and certain other DIA staff. It may also be shared with other government agencies.
11.	The site uses temporary cookies (files that a website transfers to your computer) to help improve the service of the website. Cookies on jobs.govt.nz do not store any personal data. If you prefer not to use cookies, you can still use this site. Check the Help instructions in your web browser to find out how to disable cookies.
Records and disclosure statement
12.	Your emails and contributions to the Site may constitute public records and be retained to the extent required by the Public Records Act 2005. DIA may also be required to disclose that information under the Official Information Act 1982 or to a Parliamentary Select Committee or Parliament in response to a Parliamentary Question.
Rights of access and correction
13.	Under the Privacy Act 1993, you have the right to access and to request correction of any of your personal information provided to DIA in connection with your use of this Site. If you would like to see the personal information relating to you that DIA has stored, or to change such personal information, or if you have any concerns regarding your privacy, please contact us at the address set out below. DIA may require proof of your identity before being able to provide you with any personal information.
		Privacy Officer
		Department of Internal Affairs
		PO Box 805
		Wellington 6140
		Phone: (+64 4) 495 7200
		Email: privacy@dia.govt.nz

14.	If you are not satisfied with our response to any privacy-related concern you may have, you can contact the Privacy Commissioner:
		Office of the Privacy Commissioner
		PO Box 10-094
		The Terrace
		Wellington 6143
		Enquiries line: 0800 803 909
		Email: enquiries@privacy.org.nz


