
Screencast-O-Matic Privacy Shield Statement
Screencast-O-Matic complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries (including Lichtenstein, Norway & Iceland) and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield.  Screencast-O-Matic has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
Purpose
The purpose of this Screencast-O-Matic Privacy Shield Statement (“Statement”) is to outline how we comply with the Principles with respect to the personal information we collect. If you would like to obtain additional information regarding our privacy practices in connection with information collected on this website in general, please refer to our Privacy Policy. If there is any conflict between this Statement and the Privacy Policy, this Statement shall prevail.
Scope
This Statement applies to any personal information received by Screencast-O-Matic from the European Union (including Lichtenstein, Norway & Iceland) or Switzerland in reliance on Privacy Shield.
Screencast-O-Matic Data Processing Activities 
Screencast-O-Matic at times acts as a data processor or a data controller when processing personal data transferred from the EEA or Switzerland. Though the types of data Screencast-O-Matic collects and processes may vary depending on customer’s use of the Service, data we collect typically includes personal information relating to customers, billing and payments information, web browsing behavior and other information relating to a user’s device used to access the services, and other information as described in our Privacy Policy. Screencast-O-Matic processes this data to provide our business and consumer services; billing and payments; customer service and product support; communications and marketing; online advertising; analytics to inform and improve our services; and for other internal purposes.
Principles

Notice. We will provide individuals with notice of our data collection and processing practices in our Privacy Policy, describing what personal information we collect, the purpose and use of personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we may share such information (and the purposes for which we do so), the individual’s right to access such information, the choices and means through which the individual may limit the use and disclosure of personal information, and other disclosures consistent with the Notice Principle.

You can read about our data collection and processing practices in our main Privacy Policy.

Choice. We will provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share their data with third parties other than our agents and service providers, or before we use it for a purpose other than it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to privacy@screencast-o-matic.com.
Onward Transfers (Transfer to Third Parties). Screencast-O-Matic may transfer personal information to certain third parties (as described in our Privacy Policy). Where we transfer personal information to a third party, will take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure the third-party processes personal information for limited and specified purposes and in a manner consistent with Screencast-O-Matic’s Privacy Shield obligations. Where the transfer is to a third-party agent acting on our behalf, Screencast-O-Matic may be liable if such third parties fail to meet those obligations, and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

In certain situations, we may be also required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

Security. We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation. We will process personal information in a manner that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by individuals. To the extent necessary for those purposes, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use.
Access. EU and Swiss individuals have the right to reasonable access to the personal information about you that we hold. On request, we will also take reasonable steps to correct, update, amend or delete any information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate, except where the burden or expense of doing so would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question or where the rights of third parties would be violated. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, should direct their query to privacy@screencast-o-matic.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Jurisdiction and Enforcement. As part of our participation in Privacy Shield, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission.
Lawful Requests. Screencast-O-Matic may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Contact Screencast-O-Matic and Recourse. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Screencast-O-Matic commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact at privacy@screencast-o-matic.com or write to:

4244 University Way NE #45085
Seattle, Washington, 98105
In the event that you are concerned about how personal information you have provided to Screencast-O-Matic has been used, please address your inquiry or complaint first to us at the address listed above. Screencast-O-Matic takes all concerns about privacy and use of personal information very seriously, and shall endeavor to reply to you within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
Screencast-O-Matic has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit JAMs complaint page https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMs are provided at no cost to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.
