which is now here. 

 Information gathering 
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web 
site by identifying (1) which parts of our site are most heavily used, and (2) which 
portion of our audience comes from within the Harvard network. We do not link IP 
addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that user sessions will be 
tracked, but the users will remain anonymous. We also record the IP address for 
 Use of information
The Mathematics Department Homepage staff uses the information gathered above to 
tailor site content to user needs, and to generate aggregate statistical reports. 
At no time do we disclose site usage by individual IP addresses. Web server logs 
are retained on a temporary basis and then deleted completely from our systems.

 Security 
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration 
of the information under our control.

 External links 

The Mathematics Department homepage contains links to other independently run Web sites 
within the Harvard network and to some sites outside the "harvard.edu" domain. The Homepage 
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

 Contact 
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this site, you can contact:

   
    webmaster@math.harvard.edu
   

The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Mathematics Department Homepage (http://www.math.harvard.edu/). This document is an adaptation of the 
corresponding statement for Harvard university [2005, now defunct] We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site by identifying (1) which parts of our site are most heavily used, and (2) which portion of our audience comes from within the Harvard network. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that user sessions will be tracked, but the users will remain anonymous. We also record the IP address for feedback submissions and we reserve the right to block feedback from IP addresses which are sorces for "form spam".The Mathematics Department Homepage staff uses the information gathered above to tailor site content to user needs, and to generate aggregate statistical reports. At no time do we disclose site usage by individual IP addresses. Web server logs are retained on a temporary basis and then deleted completely from our systems.This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.The Mathematics Department homepage contains links to other independently run Web sites within the Harvard network and to some sites outside the "harvard.edu" domain. The Homepage is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact:
