
This website is managed by the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet. This notification of collection outlines the Department’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in relation to your use of this website in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988.
Further details about the Department’s handling of personal information is contained in the Department’s Privacy Policy.
Collection of personal information
Clickstream data (information logged)
When visiting this site, a record of your visit is logged. This ‘clickstream data’ is collected for statistical purposes and is used to help improve this website. The following information is supplied by your browser (for example Internet Explorer) and collected by us:
the user’s server address;
the user’s operating system (for example Windows, MAC);
the user’s top level domain name (for example .com, .gov);
the date and time of the visit to the site;
the pages accessed and the documents downloaded;
the previous site visited; and
the type of browser used.
Emails
When you email us personal information, or provide it to us through ‘contact us’ options provided through this site:
we will record your email address and any other information submitted;
we will use this information for the purpose for which you provide it; and
your email address will not be added to a mailing list, unless provided by you specifically for that purpose.
If you fail to provide us with a minimum level of information (usually marked with an asterisk and generally, an email address), we may not be able to respond to you.
Subscription services
Personal information is collected by us when you subscribe to any subscription service on this website. The contact information you provide will only be used for the purposes of the subscription service. If you fail to provide the personal information we request when you subscribe, we may not be able to provide the subscription service to you.
Disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was given to us where we are authorised to do so pursuant to the Privacy Act.
Our Privacy Policy and contacting us
Our Privacy Policy contains information about the kinds of personal information we collect and hold, and the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information. Our Privacy Policy also contains information about how you can seek access or correction to your personal information. It also contains details about how you can complain about a breach of the Privacy Act by us, and how we will deal with such a complaint.
A copy of our Privacy Policy is available. Alternatively, contact us at:
Email
privacy@pmc.gov.au
Post
The Privacy Contact Officer
			Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet
			PO Box 6500
			CANBERRA  ACT  2600

