
Sundance Institute®, a 501(c)(3) non profit corporation, maintains this web site at www.sundance.org to provide information to the public about our educational mission and programs that support the art of filmmaking and storytelling.  We hope you will enjoy our web site, learn about our mission, and attend events we present.
We allow full public access to our web site on a noncommercial and educational basis, on the understanding that viewers of the web site will not infringe our copyright and trademark rights by taking or using the content in unauthorized or inappropriate ways, such as commercial uses without our consent, or make any use of our trademarks SUNDANCE FILM FESTIVAL® and SUNDANCE INSTITUTE® in any ways that falsely imply we endorse, sponsor, or are affiliated with you or your company. Please respect the web site and its contents, enjoy viewing it, be educated by it, and please attend one of our events.  But please do not regard our web site as a source of content for your own use without our prior written permission.
By using and viewing our web site, you understand and agree that you are our guest, and will act accordingly as described here, and as generally accepted on the world wide web.  This includes not engaging in any anti-social or inappropriate online behavior.  While we do not have the obligation to police and monitor user comments, we reserve the right to remove postings and/or to block users.
While we endeavor to present full and accurate information on topics of interest, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of information, and the web site is available to users on an "as is" basis without any warranty or representations.
With regard to third-party content or user comments, we comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") under United States copyright law.  If you are a copyright owner who believes that your content was posted on our web site without your permission in a way that infringes your rights, you must adhere to the DMCA procedures by forwarding the following information to our Copyright Designated Agent:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site. 
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.  PLEASE PROVIDE THE URL TO HELP US IDENTIFY THE WORK.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Send to our DMCA Designated Agent:
Morgan Everett Sundance Institute P.O. Box 684426 Park City, UT 84068 Telephone: 435-658-3456 Email:  dmca@sundance.org
Before contacting us under the DMCA, please remember to carefully consider whether the use of your work is a fair use under established copyright and trademark principles, in keeping with First Amendment protected activities including criticism, commentary, news reporting, and education, including as used in documentary films.  The DMCA is not intended to limit fair use or legitimate freedom of expression.
Please note that our website may include links to binding agreements governing matters such as submission of films to the Sundance Film Festival, and any submissions shall be governed by those agreements. 
Links to third party web sites may be provided, and those third parties are entirely responsible for the content of their own sites. 
The creators of third party content included on our web site, which may include audiovisual works, written works, and photographs, are entirely responsible for the content of their own works, and by visiting our web site you hereby agree to release and hold us harmless from and against any claims whatsoever, including copyright, trademark, right of publicity, defamation, invasion of privacy or libel with respect to the content of any third party works available on our web site whether or not posted by us.  This unlimited release applies to our officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, and assigns.  Nothing herein limits the right of any owner of such content, or us, to claim the benefits of the Fair Use provisions of United States copyright law and related trademark law fair use provisions.
This brief summary of our terms and conditions does not limit our right to invoke any and all other applicable provisions, laws, and regulations available to us at any time.  Our headquarters are in Park City, Utah, and the laws of the state of Utah shall govern this agreement, as well as providing exclusive venue and jurisdiction of any disputes.  Thank you for visiting www.sundance.org.

