
Any information you put on your profile and any content you post on LinkedIn may be seen by others.
We don’t provide any of your non-public information (like your email address) to third parties without your consent, unless required by law, or as described in Sections 2.6 and 2.14 of this Policy.
Other people may find your LinkedIn profile information through search engines (you can choose which parts of your public profile are accessible to public search engines in your settings), or use services like Twitter in conjunction with your LinkedIn account.


We offer a “public profile” feature that allows you as a Member to publish portions of your professional profile to the public Internet. This public profile will be indexed and displayed through public search engines when someone searches for your name. You may choose the parts of your profile that search engines index or completely opt out of this feature in your LinkedIn account settings, or limit the publicly visible information in your SlideShare profile. However, third-party search engines may not automatically update their caches, which may contain old public profile information. Unless you delete them, your profiles on LinkedIn.com and our corresponding app or on SlideShare.net are always viewable on the respective Services.
The visibility of your professional profile to other Members depends on your degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of the Services, access channels and search types (e.g. by name or by keyword). For example, first degree connections can see your full profile and contact information. Others have more limited access, as detailed in our Help Center. Please note that recruiters and other such professional subscribers can see your full profile even if you did not approve their InMail.
We do not rent or sell personal information that you have not posted on our Services, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We will not disclose personal information that is not published to your profile or generated through engagement with our other services, such as Groups and Company Pages, except to carry out your instructions (for example, to process payment information) or unless we have your separate consent, unless we have a good faith belief that disclosure is permitted by law or is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with a legal requirement or process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures; (2) enforce this Privacy Policy or our User Agreement; (3) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties; (4) respond to Member service inquiries; or (5) protect the rights, property, or safety of LinkedIn, our Services, our Members, Visitors, or the public. See Section 2.14 for additional details about our compliance with legal requests for information.
We support middleware providers that offer archiving solutions to firms subject to legal and regulatory archiving requirements, which, with your permission, facilitate the archiving of your communications and other activity by a third party for compliance purposes. Content distributed through our sharing features and third-party integrations may result in displaying some of your personal information outside of our Services. For example, when you post content to a Group that is open for public discussion, your content, including your name as the contributor, may be displayed in search engine results.
Also, if you have opted to bind any of your Service accounts to your Twitter, Facebook or other similar account, you can easily share content from our Services to these third party services, in accordance with your account settings (which you may change at any time) and respective policies of these third parties. Further, we allow third parties to look-up profile information (subject to your privacy settings) using your email address or first and last name information through its profile API (see Section 2.7. below).
Third parties (for example, your email provider) may give you the option to upload certain information in your contacts stored with us onto their own service. If you choose to share your contacts in this way, you will be granting your third party provider the right to store, access, disclose and use your these contacts in the ways described in such third party's terms and privacy policy.

