
 
Service Policies
This website belongs to ANA, Aeroportos de Portugal, SA. (hereinafter mentioned as ANA) and it is operated by its Non-Aviation Commercial Department. The Service Policies here included rule the relation that is established between ANA and the Website user. Such policies may be subject to change whenever ANA considers necessary.
In case ANA decides to change such Service Policies, the new version shall replace this one. The new version shall be in force as from the date it is published on this website, and the relation between ANA and all users shall be ruled by the new version.
We advise you to visit this page of our website regularly, to ensure you are aware of the Service Policies in force. Note that ANA also reserves the right to change the contents of this website at any moment.
By using this website, the user tacitly agrees to the terms and conditions of use that are mentioned hereunder. In case the user does not agree to all those terms and conditions, he should not continue to use this website or make any booking of services offered at the website.
The objective of the website is to provide commercial and operational information considered to be relevant for the users of the airports of Lisbon, Porto, Faro, Madeira and Azores.

Means of payment and security 
The connection to the payment pages of the website www.ana.pt uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology, which encrypts your details so that they cannot be read by third parties.
Users may choose to pay any of the booked services with a credit card.
ANA shall not be liable for the possible fraudulent, illegal or abusive use of any credit card or any other means of payment. Even so, ANA shall not tolerate any fraud or attempted fraud, or illegal use of such means of payment. In case a user will try to use a payment means without the necessary authorisation to do so, and in case the occurrence is detected by ANA, ANA shall ban the user, who will be prevented from using the services provided by www.ana.pt.
ANA also reserves the right to legally act against the perpetrator.
Credit Card
The booking of the services made available at the website may be paid through credit cards of the VISA or Mastercard network that the user may be the beneficiary. 
In compliance with the new security rules disseminated by VISA International and Europay/Mastercard International, since the 1st April 2001, all authorisation requests for the carry out of transactions using cards of such systems, may only be processed by RedUnicre if the details supplied include the security code (CVV2/CVC2) of the related card. The security code is a number composed of three figures, printed in the reverse of the card, after the credit card number, on the right hand side of the signature panel of all VISA and Europay cards.
 
Bookings made with Credit Card are subject to confirmation by RedUnicre. If the request is refused, you must contact your bank or the entity that issued your card, in order to obtain additional clarifications.
 
MBnet
MBnet is the solution of SIBS – entity responsible for the Multibanco network - to make payments on the website www.ana.pt in a simple and secure way. There is no need to hold a credit card. You just need to adhere to MBnet in an ATM machine or through your home banking.
When you decide to acquire a service, you have access to the website www.mbnet.pt, where you can generate a credit card number, and define the maximum amount of the transaction. When you make the payment, the purchase amount, up to such defined limit, shall be debited in your bank account. Since this is a virtual card, valid only for one transaction and for an amount up to the maximum limit you have previously defined, the utmost security is ensured.
 Price policy
All prices mentioned include VAT at the legal rate in force in Portugal.
Exchange policy 
The currency used as basis for the prices of the services mentioned is Euro, and the final purchase takes place in Euros.
Parking service
Products and Prices
ANA has a wide variety of parking offers. These offers vary according to the parks chosen and are limited to the number of available parking spaces.
Prices and existing types of parking that are shown on the website, are subject to change and updates without previous warning.

General Booking Conditions
When booking a service, the client must correctly fill in the details requested at the form; otherwise it may not be validated by ANA.
Whenever a client books a service he will receive a confirmation e-mail with the parking voucher and an e-mail with the invoice. The voucher needs to be printed out since it is necessary to enter the parking.

Entering/Exiting the Park
The client should collect the ticket issued when entering the park and keep it until exiting. The ticket must be provided together with the voucher before leaving the park, in order to be validated.
In case the parking entrance is equipped with a bar code/QR Code reader, you should pass the voucher on the reader and collect the ticket.
Entering the park using the “Via Verde” system prevents the use of the voucher. The amount of the voucher will not be reimbursed.
Before you leave the park, you should present the ticket collected when you entered, together with the booking voucher and identification document, at the manual payment cashier. 
If you used the bar code/QR Code reader to enter the park, you should make sure that the booked time was not exceeded. In such case you should pay for the exceeding amount before leaving the park, otherwise you may proceed to the exit.
 
Cancellation
Clients may cancel/reschedule the booking with no added cost, up to 24 hours before the estimated time of entry. Later cancellations and reschedules shall not be refunded.
To cancel the booking, clients should contact our services through the phone number 808 919 091, and follow the instructions provided by the operator. Alternatively they may send an e-mail to the following addresses:
 •            Bookings for Lisbon Airport - analisboa@empark.pt  
•             Bookings for Porto Airport - anaporto@empark.pt 
•             Bookings for Faro Airport - anafaro@empark.pt
  
All registered clients may reschedule their bookings. You may choose to have an upgrade of your booking, or prolong its duration. The necessary adjustments to the value shall be done. No partial refunds shall be done.
If the booked services will not be used, for reasons beyond the responsibility of ANA, there will be no refund.
The Voucher can be used only once and only grants access to the park and parking area, on a first-come-first-serve basis, except if mentioned otherwise.
The non-use or partial use of the voucher does not entitle the client to a total or partial refund of the amount of the booking.
The driver is responsible for any damages caused in the park to ANA or to third parties.
The parking booking and its use does not dispense the consultation of the park regulation in force, available for consultation on the manual payment cashiers.
 

ValetXpress Service:
ValetXpress is a collection and parking service provided by a team that ensures you professionalism, safety, convenience and a lot of comfort. This service is available in the airports of Lisbon and Porto, and it may be booked through the website www.ana.pt,
Prices shown on the website are subject to change and updates without previous warning.
You may book the ValetXpress service in two ways:
- On the internet, when making your parking booking.
- At the counter, in the Departures area
When it is not possible to have a joint inspection of the vehicle, this will be done later, and the client may not claim for damages and/or liabilities from ANA.
 
Cancellation
Clients may cancel/reschedule the booking with no added cost, up to 24 hours before the day of the booking. Later cancellations and reschedules shall not be refunded.
To cancel the booking, clients should contact our services through the following e-mail address: servicoscomerciais@ana.pt.
  
If the booked services will not be used, for reasons beyond the responsibility of ANA, there will be no refund.
The Voucher can be used only once.
The non-use or partial use of the voucher does not entitle the client to a total or partial refund of the amount of the booking.
 
Lounge
 
ANA’s Lounge was developed considering the comfort and convenience of passengers that travel frequently and choose a differentiated experience. Therefore, it counts on a wide variety of drinks, snacks and Portuguese products to suit all tastes. If you wish to use your waiting time to be ahead in your job, you have everything you need to work with comfort and efficiency.  You may also keep up with the latest news, while you wait for your flight. In the Lounge you find the channels, newspapers and magazines that tell you everything that is happening everywhere. This service is available at the airports of Lisbon and Porto, and may be reserved through the website www.ana.pt. The service operates between 5:00 AM and 11:00 PM, with a maximum use time of 3 hours.
Prices shown on the website are subject to change and updates without previous warning.
 
General Booking Conditions
When booking a service, the client must correctly fill in the details requested at the form; otherwise it may not be validated by ANA.
Whenever a client books a service he will receive a confirmation e-mail with the voucher and an e-mail with the invoice. The voucher must be printed out and delivered when entering the Lounge.
 
Cancellation
Clients may cancel/reschedule the booking with no added cost, up to 24 hours before the day of the booking. Later cancellations and reschedules shall not be refunded.
To cancel the booking, clients should contact our services through the following e-mail address: servicoscomerciais@ana.pt.
  
If the booked services will not be used, for reasons beyond the responsibility of ANA, there will be no refund.
The Voucher can be used only once.
The non-use or partial use of the voucher does not entitle the client to a total or partial refund of the amount of the booking.
 
Fast Track
Fast Track service is the solution for passengers who have no time to lose, or wish to make the most of every moment at the airport without any stress or queuing. This is a priority lane allowing for speedy security control. This service is available in the airports of Lisbon, Porto, Funchal and Ponta Delgada, and it may be booked through the website www.ana.pt,
Prices shown on the website are subject to change and updates without previous warning.
 
ANA draws your attention to the fact that, even though Fast Track speeds up the entire route until the aeroplane because it reduces waiting time in queues, it does not replace or shortens check-in, security control or boarding compulsory procedures. Thus, we recommend that you will always allow the necessary time for these procedures.
 
General Booking Conditions
When booking a service, the client must correctly fill in the details requested at the form; otherwise it may not be validated by ANA.
Whenever a client books a service he will receive a confirmation e-mail with the voucher and an e-mail with the invoice. Once at the airport, after checking-in, with the relevant boarding pass and the mentioned voucher, the passenger should head to the Fast Track lane and show the slip with the bar code.
 
Cancellation
Clients may cancel/reschedule the booking with no added cost, up to 24 hours before the day of the booking. Later cancellations and reschedules shall not be refunded.
To cancel the booking, clients should contact our services through the following e-mail address: servicoscomerciais@ana.pt.
  
If the booked services will not be used, for reasons beyond the responsibility of ANA, there will be no refund.
The Voucher can be used only once.
The non-use or partial use of the voucher does not entitle the client to a total or partial refund of the amount of the booking.

Recommendations and Warnings
ANA invests and is committed to protect and ensure the safety of the data of users of www.ana.pt, both during the transactions, and in what concerns the safeguarding of personal data in the database of the website (see Privacy Policy).
In addition to this effort, users need to have a wise attitude, in order to protect their data. Therefore, ANA advises the users:
 - To never share their username and password;
- Not to make a note of the password or username in easy access places (diary, computer, etc.);
 - When accessing the payment page or personal data editing pages, always confirm that the browser is in a secure session (a symbol and a lock is shown at the bottom of the browser page, and the web address starts with "https://"). You may also confirm that the certificate corresponding to the secure session belongs to ANA, Aeroportos de Portugal, SA., by verifying the information on the window that pops up when you click on the lock);
 - To ensure that the browser is closed before leaving the computer unattended;
 - To make sure that the computer used to access www.ana.pt is free from virus and spyware.
Intellectual Property Rights
All intellectual property rights related with the information made available on this website, including but not limited to text contents, headlines, photos, images, moving images, pictures, names, logotypes and brands, belong to ANA or to possible licensees. ANA making available such information does not transfer to the user, in any case, the right to reproduce or distribute such information. Such actions are not allowed without the previous consent of ANA or the above mentioned possible licensees. Nevertheless, the user is authorised to download and/or print out the information for private and non-commercial purposes. This website cannot be shown embedded in other websites that do not belong to ANA.
Nevertheless, the user may create and distribute links to the pages of www.ana.pt. ANA reserves the right of accepting such links or not.
 
Publicity, Promotion and Third Parties Contents
The website and the mobile version of the website www.ana.pt may contain advertisements (including banners), promotions and other contents supplied by third parties, including the retailers. All advertisements, promotions and other contents (including the reference buttons and hyperlinks) do not constitute any recommendation or endorsement from our part regarding the promoted good, service, or final website of the link.
All information provided at the advertisements or the final websites of the links shown at www.ana.pt or its mobile version are of the exclusive responsibility of the advertisers. In case the user shall need any clarification regarding any advertised product or service, should contact the related advertiser. 
In particular, ANA has no control or responsibility over:
1.     Quality, safety or legality of any good or service advertised by third parties;
2.     Authenticity or accuracy of the description of the good or service advertised by third parties;
3.     Competence or authorisation of the advertiser, retailer or third parties to sell such product or service.
Even so, ANA requires advertisers, retailers and third parties, recipients of the links, to sign Service Level Agreements, therefore minimising the risks for our users. 
In the case of retailers, ANA also monitors the feedback of the users regarding the products and the retailers, as long as such feedback is provided through the “Client Support/Suggestions” system.
Links
The website www.ana.pt may contain links to other external websites operated by third parties, including retailers and Rent-a-Car operators. The websites to which such external links correspond to are not under control of ANA, which does not assume any responsibility for the contents of such websites, or the provision of any goods or services the user may acquire or hire on any one of such websites. ANA may not ensure that the contents of any third party website are accurate, legal or harmless.
Some external websites may be shown in the website www.ana.pt through frames, whether including some of our website contents or not, or include reciprocate links to our website. Such resources are available only for the convenience of the users and do not constitute an endorsement to such websites or their contents.
Users assume the exclusive responsibility for using external websites.
Termination of Use
ANA may, at any time and based on the criteria it may deem appropriate, terminate the access of the user to the website www.ana.pt.
Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy, which defines the way we collect and use personal information that may be obtained through your use of the website www.ana.pt.
Warranty Limit
ANA develops its best endeavours so that the information contained on this website is accurate and complete. Even though, ANA may not, explicitly or implicitly, guarantee that the information contained in this website is complete and accurate, or that the website will not be subject to delays or interruptions.
Liability Limit
The website users implicitly agree not to hold ANA responsible for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of the information contained therein. Similarly, ANA shall not be liable by the services and/or products offered by third parties through this website.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
ANA does not claim or ensure that the use or access of the user to www.ana.pt shall be uninterrupted or free from errors, or that the availability of the material in this website shall be free from virus or bugs. Using this website takes place at the account and risk of the user. Users assume full responsibility and risk for any losses arising from the transfer, use or access to data, information and other materials on or through the website www.ana.pt.
Similarly,
1.     ANA does not guarantee, and the user is not entitled to other rights, except those expressly provided for under these terms and conditions;
2.     All implicit conditions, guarantees and rights are excluded.
Particularly, ANA does not guarantee the accuracy of the information provided, or the integrity, reliability or fitness for a specific purpose, of the contents of this website.
Except as above mentioned, ANA shall not accept any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential damages, losses, damages or inconveniences suffered or incurred by any person arising or related with this agreement, the website, any use of this website (including any operations carried out through this website), the trust on any content of this website or by the acts, omissions or conduct of any advertiser on www.ana.pt.
Miscellaneous
ANA, as well as the retailers present on www.ana.pt are not accountable for delays or contractual breaches due to force majeure, disturbance, total or partial strike, flood, fire or war.
The agreement between the user and ANA, based on these terms and conditions, shall be ruled and construed according to the Portuguese law.
The user undertakes, irrevocably and unconditionally, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Lisbon county court, regarding this agreement.
 
September 2016

 

