
Privacy Policy

What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, IP address or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes. Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. To quickly process your transactions. When you contact us for help. When you write product reviews. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. When the site sends us error reports or application analytics data.If you have opted-in to receive our email newsletter, we may send you periodic emails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional email from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive email newsletters, you will not receive these emails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our email list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?Our Company uses industry-standard technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged between our Company and other companies to help ensure its security. This site has security measures in place to help protect information under our control from the risk of accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration or unauthorized disclosure or access. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. Also, if this website contains links to other sites, our Company is not responsible for the security practices or the content of such sites.When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Our retention of your personal information.We will retain any personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the business purpose for which it was collected. We will also retain and use your personal information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors (Google Analytics), receive payments (PayPal) and provide shipping services (UPS, FedEx, USPS). These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Chrome, FireFox and Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Best’s Studio Inc., dba The Ansel Adams Gallery. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your email subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email processing schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Public information and third-party links.We have public blogs on our Website. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your Personal Information appears on our blogs and you want it removed, contact us at sales@anseladams.com.Social media platforms and widgets. Our Websites include social media features, these features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. We also maintain presences on social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Instagram. Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of theplatforms themselves.In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Access to and updating or deletion of your personal information.Individuals located in the EEA (European Economic Area) may have additional statutory rights available to them with respect to their personal information, including the right to access your personal information, have it erased, have it corrected, or object to or restrict processing.The GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) also gives certain rights to identified or identifiable persons (referred to as data subjects), specifically. These include the right to request at no cost;Deletion of personal dataCorrection of their dataAccess to their dataAn export of their data in a portable formatIf you are a customer, you may request a copy of your data, please contact us at sales@anseladams.com and include your full name, email address, customer id number or order number. We will respond to such requests within 30 days of submission with an export of your data in .txt format.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.Changes to our policy.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on May 25, 2018.Questions and feedback.We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy Only.This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and Conditions.Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consent.By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Online products shipmentOur product fulfillment takes place mostly from the city and county of Sacramento. Appropriate and necessary California State taxes are therefore charged based on this location.
Best’s Studio Inc., dba The Ansel Adams Gallery “Company,” “we,” or “us”) respect your privacy. This Policy describes the ways we collect information from and about you, and what we do with the information, so that you may decide whether or not to provide information to us. By accessing our website, or purchasing our products or services you agree to this Privacy Statement in addition to any other agreements we might have with you. Best’s Studio Inc., Privacy Statement does not govern the practices of entities that our Company does not own or control, or entities that do not own or control our company or people that our Company does not employ or manage.We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, IP address or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes. Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:If you have opted-in to receive our email newsletter, we may send you periodic emails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional email from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive email newsletters, you will not receive these emails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our email list and receive e-mail communications from us.Our Company uses industry-standard technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged between our Company and other companies to help ensure its security. This site has security measures in place to help protect information under our control from the risk of accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration or unauthorized disclosure or access. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. Also, if this website contains links to other sites, our Company is not responsible for the security practices or the content of such sites.When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.We will retain any personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the business purpose for which it was collected. We will also retain and use your personal information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors (Google Analytics), receive payments (PayPal) and provide shipping services (UPS, FedEx, USPS). These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Chrome, FireFox and Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Best’s Studio Inc., dba The Ansel Adams Gallery. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.To modify your email subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email processing schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.We have public blogs on our Website. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your Personal Information appears on our blogs and you want it removed, contact us at sales@anseladams.com.Social media platforms and widgets. Our Websites include social media features, these features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. We also maintain presences on social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Instagram. Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of theplatforms themselves.In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Individuals located in the EEA (European Economic Area) may have additional statutory rights available to them with respect to their personal information, including the right to access your personal information, have it erased, have it corrected, or object to or restrict processing.The GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) also gives certain rights to identified or identifiable persons (referred to as data subjects), specifically. These include the right to request at no cost;Deletion of personal dataCorrection of their dataAccess to their dataAn export of their data in a portable formatIf you are a customer, you may request a copy of your data, please contact us at sales@anseladams.com and include your full name, email address, customer id number or order number. We will respond to such requests within 30 days of submission with an export of your data in .txt format.When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on May 25, 2018.We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Our product fulfillment takes place mostly from the city and county of Sacramento. Appropriate and necessary California State taxes are therefore charged based on this location.

