 About US
We are a group of IT professionals enthusiastic in creating quality free tools and content on the internet. The main purpose of this website is to provide a comprehensive collection of free online calculators for the ease of public use. This site was launched in calculators.info first in 2007. In 2008, we purchased and migrated to calculator.net.
More than 99% of the calculators on this site were developed in-house. Some calculators use open-source JavaScript components under different open-source licenses. More than 80% of the calculators are based on well-known formulas or equations from textbook, such as the mortgage calculator, BMI calculator, etc. If formulas are controversial, we give out the results of all popular formulas, such as the ideal weight calculator. The calculators for amusement only are based on internal formulas, such as the love calculator. The results of the financial calculators were reviewed and approved by our financial advisors, who work for major personal financial advising firms. The results of the weight loss calculators and the pregnancy calculators were reviewed and approved by local medical doctors. More than 95% of the descriptive content was developed in-house with a small amount of content taken from wikipedia.org under the GNU Free Documentation License. The descriptive content of the financial calculators were either created or reviewed by our financial advisors. The descriptive content of the weight loss calculators and the pregnancy calculators were either created or reviewed by local medical doctors. The rest of the descriptive content was created by our own engineers. Beside this site, we also have free apps for mobile visitors.
This site is owned and operated by Maple Tech. This site is financially supported by the income from Google Adsense Ads.
Contact Us
We can be reached via the following form. Normally, we will respond within 2 business days. However, please do NOT contact for advertising purposes, especially text link ads. If needed, you can place targeted ads on our site via Google Adwords.
This site needs JavaScript enabled to run properly. Please change your browser settings!
Copyright
The logos, images, scripts, and individual pages are copyrighted material. The materials on this site cannot be copied/modified without permission.

Privacy Policy
We take and respect your privacy seriously. We may collect information via cookie or web log. This is to customize services and enhance customer satisfaction.
The data we collect are: 

The information you fill and submit by the web forms on our sites. 
Standard web log entries, including your IP address, page URL, timestamp, etc. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

We reserves the right to update this privacy policy with or without notice. 

Terms of Use
By using our services, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the "Terms of Use").
We have no control and provide no guarantee and responsibility for the content we link to. 
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
We reserves the right to update the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use with or without notice.

