 OICL respects and protects the privacy of the individuals who use OICL's portal services. Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission, as explained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). The information shared with OICL will be treated as private. Adequate precautions have been taken to protect information relating to customers and their dealings with OICL from the mischievous and the fraudsters. We recognize that our customers expect privacy and security for their personal and financial affairs. We understand that, by selecting us for your Insurance needs, you have entrusted us to safeguard your personal financial information. We want you to be informed of our commitment to protect the privacy of your personal financial information with the following privacy principles and practices. What personally identifiable information is collected from you? We collect information from you regarding name, addresses, email addresses, mobile number and other information as required in the registration process of the policy specific proposal forms. Cookies A cookie is a data file that certain Web sites write to your computer's hard drive when you visit such sites. A cookie file can contain information such as a user identification code that the site uses to track the pages you have visited and use the information commercially. We do not use cookies on our web site. How we use, collect, and retain customer information On our site we collect, retain, and use information about you only when we reasonably believe that it will help administer our business or provide products, services, and other opportunities to you. We collect and retain information about you only for specific business purposes. We use information to:  Register you on the portal. Issue insurance policies based on the information provided in the proposal forms Comply with all applicable laws and regulations Help us design or improve our products and services for your benefit.  Understand your insurance needs so that we can provide you with quality products and superior service.  To comply with laws, guidelines and regulations that governs the insurance services in the country.  To contact you for policy reminder notices, claims processing etc. and to keep you updated on the insurance sector and OICL  How we keep customer information accurate It is in your interest, and it is our objective, for us to have accurate, current, and complete information concerning you and your accounts. If you believe that we have incorrect information about you or your account please email us through the contact us/ grievance mechanism provided on the portal or modify the profile information on the site as permissible. We will correct any erroneous information as quickly as possible. Our security procedures to protect customer information We follow industry standard security practices to help prevent unauthorized access to confidential information about you. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we do not guarantee its absolute security. How we restrict the disclosure of customer information OICL does not release customer information except as directed by law or as per your mandate. We do not share specific information about customer accounts or other personally identifiable data with nonaffiliated third parties for their independent use unless:  The information is provided to help complete a transaction initiated by you;  You request or authorize it;  The disclosure is required by/or directed by law; or  You have been informed about the possibility of such disclosure for marketing or similar purposes through a prior communication and have been given the opportunity to decline Disclosing our privacy commitment to you we want you to understand our commitment to personal privacy and have formulated this privacy policy.  This privacy policy is provided to:  A potential customer who inquires about our products and services or who would like a copy of our privacy policy  A customer who has established a relationship with us  A potential customer who has applied for a loan  A visitor to OICL's portal If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please send an e-mail to us at portal.support@orientalinsurance.co.in or write to us at Chief Manager, IT Department, OICL HO, Asaf Ali Road, Delhi.  Privacy policy is subject to change periodically We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time by posting the same on the portal, so please review it frequently on the portal. If we materially change our privacy practices we will notify you by sending an email or by posting a notice on our portal 