
Privacy and Security Statement
Birds of North America

			Birds of North America (BNA) is a repository of information on the life histories of birds that breed across the United States and Canada. It builds upon the initial 18-volume printed series, The Birds of North America (completed in 2002) and is intended to be a living resource that is updated continually.
		
Our Commitment to Privacy

			Our subscribers' privacy is important to us. To better protect that privacy, BNA is providing this notice to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
		
The Information We Collect

			To visit the BNA web site through an individually owned subscription, you must register and log in. Some personal information is collected when you do this. BNA uses this information to process your subscription and to inform you about changes in our service. While you may receive information about other Cornell Lab of Ornithology programs, we don't share any information with 3rd parties.
		

			BNA does use cookies -- pieces of data that we store on your computer that help the BNA web site recognize you and remember your preferences. Internet browsers allow you to determine whether or not to accept cookies (check under the preferences or options in the browser menu). You will not be able to use the BNA site if you decide not to accept cookies.
		

			If you purchase or renew an individually owned subscription online, we collect your credit card information and send it along to a credit card processor for approval. We do not store credit card numbers in our database. All of your communication with us when you submit your credit card information is encrypted (using SSL) including communication with the credit card processor.
		
Changes to This Privacy Policy

			We may occasionally update or amend this Privacy Statement. If we make changes, we will post the changes here.
		
Your Acceptance of These Terms

			By using BNA's web site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Statement. If BNA updates or changes this Privacy Statement, the changes will be made on this page. Your continued use of BNA's web site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Statement will mean you accept those changes.
		
How to Contact Us

			Should you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please e-mail us at bna-sales@cornell.edu


