
Privacy Statement

ShopTo.Net understands the value of your privacy, and will therefore only use the information you give 
us to process your order and provide a quick and convenient service to you in the future (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). We do not sell 
mailing lists to other companies, or divulge any of your personal details to other companies or individuals. 
All personal details are stored on an off-line server. Payment processing takes place on our secure server 
provider.

What information do we need to process an order?
For us to process your order, we will need to know your name, e-mail address, delivery address, credit 
card number and expiry date.
How are your personal details kept secure?

When you type in credit card information onto the ShopTo.Net website our secure PAYMENT SERVICE PROVIDER 
Sagepay (www.sagepay.com) ensures all details are encrypted 
at your browser before they are sent to us. While your order is being processed we store your personal details 
on our in-house servers. Our database is encrypted and the processing servers are not connected to the internet. 
The servers are physically secured under lock and key.

Tell us what you want

	If there are any features that you would like to see available on this site let us know using the ticket system via the contact centre in your account.

Our Address:

ShopTo.Net
Unit 2, The Western Centre 
Western Road,
Bracknell,
Berkshire,
RG12 1RW 
Tel: +44 (0)1344 404773 

Copyright Information

	All content on this site is protected under the UK and international copyright laws. No part of this site 
	may be copied, reproduced, distributed, redistributed, modified displayed or performed without prior written 
	consent by ShopTo.Net This site is provided as a shopping resource by ShopTo.Net. The site is provided 
	on an "as is" basis. ShopTo.Net makes no express or implied warranties of any kind relating to the provision 
	of information or service on or by this site. ShopTo.Net will not be liable for any damages of any kind 
	arising from the use or misuse of this site or any of the information contained within it. We reserve the 
	right to make changes to this site, disclaimers, and terms and conditions at any time.


