

	Updated May 21, 2018

	The National Breast Cancer Foundation's service and community networks (collectively, "NBCF", or "the Service") are operated by the National Breast Cancer Foundation, Inc. and its corporate affiliates (collectively, "us", "we", “our” or "the Company"). This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect and use the personal information you decide to share, and help you make informed decisions when using the NBCF service located at www.nationalbreastcancer.org ("NBCF" or "Web Site"). By using or accessing NBCF, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. This privacy statement covers the site www.nationalbreastcancer.org.

Privacy of Donors

	In a manner consistent with the following privacy policy, we respect and monitor the privacy of our online and offline donors. We make every effort to disclose donor information only as specifically instructed by the donor and in a manner consistent with his or her wishes, or as required by law. NBCF may collect sensitive personal information, such as a donor’s credit card number, card type, expiration date, and keep a record of the financial transaction; however, NBCF will not sell, trade, or share a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. If you have a question about donor privacy, please contact us.

The Information We Collect

	When you visit NBCF you provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected by us and Web Site use information collected by us as you interact with our Web Site.

	When you register with NBCF, you provide us with certain personal information, such as your name, your email address, your telephone number, your address, your gender and any other personal or preference information that you provide to us.

	When you enter the Web Site, we collect your browser type and IP address. This information is gathered from all NBCF visitors. In addition, we store certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. These cookies terminate once the user closes the browser. By default, we use a persistent cookie that stores your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login when you come back to NBCF. You can remove or block this cookie using the settings in your browser if you want to disable this convenience feature.

	When you use the Web Site, you may form relationships, send messages, perform searches and queries, form groups, set up events, and transmit information through various channels. We collect this information so that we can provide you the service and offer personalized features.

You post user content (as defined in the NBCF Terms of Service) on the Web Site at your own risk. Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that User Content you post on the Site will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Users have copied or stored your User Content.

	Any improper collection or misuse of information provided on NBCF is a violation of the NBCF Terms of Service and should be immediately reported by contacting us.

	By using NBCF, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.

Use of Information Obtained by NBCF

	When you register with NBCF, you create your own profile and privacy settings. Your profile information, as well as your name, email and photo, are displayed to people in the networks specified in your privacy settings to enable you to connect with people on NBCF.

	Profile information is used by NBCF primarily to be presented back to and edited by you when you access the service and to be presented to others permitted to view that information by your privacy settings. Profile information you submit to NBCF will be available to users of NBCF who you allow to access the information through your privacy settings. Your username and profile picture thumbnail will be available in search results across the NBCF network and those limited pieces of information may be made available to third party search engines. People who see your name in searches, however, will not be able to access your profile information unless they have a relationship to you that allows such access based on your privacy settings.

	We may use information about you that we collect from other sources, including but not limited to newspapers and Internet sources such as blogs, instant messaging services and other users of NBCF, to supplement your profile. Where such information is used, we generally allow you to specify, in your privacy settings, that you do not want this to be done or to take other actions that limit the connection of this information to your profile (e.g., removing photo tag links).

Choice-Opt-Out

	In order to provide service to you, we will occasionally send you communications related to your transactions, security or the administration of our website. We may also wish to send you our newsletter or other organizational communications.

	If you do not wish to receive communications from our team, please send an email to donations@nbcf.org. Please include your full name and email address in the email. You may also click on the unsubscribe link provided on each email and follow the instructions.

User Generated Content

	By submitting communications or content to any part of NBCF.org, you agree that such submission is non-confidential and non-proprietary for all purposes.

	You further agree that NBCF may use the posted content in any manner that it deems necessary or appropriate. NBCF reserves the right to edit or abridge content for any reason.

	You understand that all information, data, text, photographs, graphics, messages, or other materials publicly posted is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated. This means you, and not NBCF, bears all risks and liabilities for all content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available.

Sharing Your Information with Third Parties

	NBCF does not provide contact information to third party marketers without your permission. We share your information with third parties only in limited circumstances where such sharing is 1) reasonably necessary to offer a service, 2) legally required or, 3) permitted by you.

Links

	NBCF may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by NBCF.

Changing or Removing Information

	Access and control over most personal information on NBCF is readily available through the profile editing tools. NBCF users may modify or remove any of their profile information at any time by logging into their account. Information will be updated immediately. Individuals who wish to deactivate their NBCF account may do so on the My Account page.  NBCF will make every effort to discontinue the use of an individual's profile information as soon as practicable if requested by that individual.  NBCF may need to retain information in its archives and records to comply with law, resolve disputes, analyze problems, assist with any investigations, enforce NBCF’s Terms of Service and other policies, and take other actions otherwise permitted or required by law.

Security

	NBCF takes appropriate precautions to protect our users' information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) firewall. Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services. If you have any questions about the security of NBCF Web Site, please contact us.

Terms of Service, Notices and Revisions

	If you choose to visit NBCF, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including limitations on damages, arbitration of, and application of law of the state of Texas. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service at any time. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without further notice. If we do this, we will post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised, which shall constitute reasonable notice of such changes. Your continued use of the Service or the Sites after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Privacy Policy, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Service or the Sites. It is your responsibility to regularly check the Sites to determine if there have been changes to these Privacy Policy and to review such changes.

Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal Information

	You have the following date protection rights:


		You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information.

		You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.

		If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw this consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

		You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available here.


	To exercise any of these rights please contact us. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.

Contacting Us

	If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us. You may also contact us by mail at:

National Breast Cancer Foundation, Inc.
	2600 Network Blvd., Suite 300
	Frisco, Texas 75034

