
Swingvillage.com knows that you care how
information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we
will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By
visiting Swingvillage.com, you are accepting the practices described in this
Privacy Notice. 
Personal Information Gathered

Information You Give Us:
     We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us
     in any other way such as your name, address, phone number and any credit
     card information you may provide us.  We use the information that you provide for such purposes as
     responding to your requests, streamlining payment options and
     communicating with you. 
Automatic Information:
     We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact
     with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and
     we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses
     Swingvillage.com. 

Cookies

Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your
     computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to
     recognize your browser. 

Privacy Policy
Swingvillage.com
takes every precaution to protect your privacy. Only authorized employees have
access to your username, password and credit card information, and Swingvillage.com
has strict rules on its employees who have access either to the databases that
store user information or to the servers that host our services. While we
cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we
make every effort to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Your credit card
number is encrypted prior to transmission. Swingvillage.com will not give
information of any kind about a User to anyone. Users should take care to
protect their username and password. Exit from your web browser after every
use. Chose a username and password that only you know, or can guess.
Accessible Information
Swingvillage.com gives you access to a
broad range of information about your account and your interactions with
Swingvillage.com for the limited purpose of viewing and updating that
information. 
Swingvillage.com
contains links to other World Wide Web Internet sites, resources, and sponsors.
Selection of an ad banner or link redirects the User to a third party.
Transactions that occur between the User and the Third Party are strictly
between the User and the third party and are not the responsibility of
Swingvillage.com.  Swingvillage.com is
not responsible for the availability of these outside resources or their
contents. User should direct any concerns regarding any external link to its
site administrator or Webmaster.

Swingvillage.com permits its Users to publish links to other World Wide Web
Internet sites in their Profile. Neither Swingvillage.com nor its management
check or reviews to content of User-linked web sites. These links may direct
the User to offensive, obscene, or pornographic material. Use of User links is
at the Users discretion and peril. Swingvillage.com is not responsible for
content found on User-linked sites.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and
Revisions 
If you choose to visit Swingvillage.com,
your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms
and Conditions including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and
application of the law of the state of Iowa. If you have any concern about
privacy at Swingvillage.com, please send us a thorough description to
support@swingvillage.com, and we will try to resolve it. 
Our business changes constantly, and our
Privacy Notice and the Terms and Conditions. We post periodic reminders of our
notices and conditions on our Web site.  
Check the Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated
otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have
about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and
will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less
protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of
affected customers. 

