
This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") that governs how we, the Gan Shmuel Group ("Gan Shmuel", "we", "our" or "us"), use Personal Information (defined below) that we collect, receive and store about individuals in connection with the use of the website [www.ganshmuel.com and www.ganshmuelgroup.com], and any other website that we operate (each, together with its sub-domains, content and services, a "Site").

Introduction. We have implemented this Privacy Policy because your privacy, and the privacy of other users, is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your Personal Information is collected and used in connection with the Site. "Personal Information" means any information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a personal profile, an email address, a home or other physical address, or other contact information.
Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms of Use which are available at: www.ganshmuel.com and www.ganshmuelgroup.com] ("Terms"). Any capitalized but undefined term in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to it in the Terms.
Consent and Modification. By using the Site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to our collection, processing and sharing of Personal Information for the purposes set forth herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or otherwise use the Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such change will be effective ten (10) days following posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Site, and your continued use of the Site thereafter signifies your acceptance of those changes.
	
What Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It. We do not currently require you to provide Personal Information in order to have access to general information available on the Site. But, we do receive and/or collect Personal Information from you in the following ways:
'Contact Us' Information. If you send us a "Contact Us" request, whether by submitting an online form that we make available or by sending an email to an email address that we display, you may be required to provide us with certain information such as your name and email address.
Log Files. We may make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us. We may use such information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user's movement around the Site, and gather demographic information.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. Our Site may utilize "cookies", anonymous identifiers and other tracking technologies in order to for us to provide our Site and present you with information that is customized for you. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about activity on the Site. Certain cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information, such as an IP address, previously indicated by a user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser.


The Way We Use Personal Information. If you submit or we collect Personal Information through the Site, then we may use such Personal Information in the following ways:
	
We will use your Personal Information to provide and improve our Site, to contact you in connection with the Site, and to identify and authenticate your access to the parts of the Site that you are authorized to access.
We may use your designated email address to respond to a "Contact Us".
We may transfer your Personal Information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of storing or processing such information on our behalf. Such information may be transferred to other countries around the world. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy.
We may share your Personal Information with our third party service providers and partners, but only to assist us with our business operations and to provide our Site. Such information may be transferred to other countries around the world. We use commercially reasonable efforts to only engage or interact with third party service providers and partners that post a privacy policy governing their processing of Personal Information.
We may disclose your Personal Information or any information you submitted via the Site if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our Terms, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues; or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Gan Shmuel, our users, yourself or the public.


Use of Anonymous Information. We may use Anonymous Information (as defined below) or disclose it to third party service providers in order to improve our Site and enhance your experience with the Site. We may also disclose Anonymous Information (with or without compensation) to third parties, including advertisers and partners. "Anonymous Information" means information which does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated information about the use of our Site.
Opting Out.  You may choose not to receive future promotional, advertising, or other Site-related emails from us by selecting an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send.  Please note that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may still send you a response to any "Contact Us" request as well as administrative emails (for example, in connection with a password reset request) that are necessary to facilitate your use of the Site.
Choice. At all times, you may choose whether or not to provide or disclose Personal Information. If you choose not to provide mandatory Personal Information, you may still visit parts of the Site but you may be unable to access certain options, programs, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you.
Access/Accuracy. To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, we wish to maintain accurate Personal Information. If you would like to delete or correct any of your other Personal Information that we may be storing, you may submit an access request by sending an email to marketing@ganshmuel.com. Your email should include adequate details of your request
Links to and Interaction with Third Party Products. The Site may enable you to interact with or contain links to your Third Party Account and other third party websites, mobile software applications and services that are not owned or controlled by us (each a “Third Party Service”). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Third Party Site. Please be aware that the Third Party Site may collect Personal Information from you. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you choose to use or interact with.
Children's Privacy. The Site is not structured to attract children under the age of 13 years. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13 years. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Security. The security of Personal Information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards, including the use of appropriate administrative, physical and technical safeguards, to protect the Personal Information submitted to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security or confidentiality. If you have any questions about security on the Service, you can contact us at: marketing@ganshmuel.com
Merger, Sale or Bankruptcy. In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer or assign Personal Information in connection with the foregoing events.
California Privacy Rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please send an email to marketing@ganshmuel.com.  Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
Our California Do Not Track Notice.
We do not track consumers over time and across third party websites and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track signals. We do not allow third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different web sites when a consumer uses the Site.
Commitment. We are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and we are constantly evolving our Service to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or your Personal Information that we may be storing and using, please contact us at marketing@ganshmuel.com
Last updated: [29] [June] 2015


