
        kununu is a XING Service application.
    
        If you use the kununu services, you will be provided with a special kununu user profile as well as an invisible XING user profile.
    
        User data and details provided by users will be saved. This shall also apply to data collected from other sources at the user’s instigation. Data shall never be passed on to third parties except for the purpose of providing services or unless obliged to do so as a result of a legal, judicial or official order.
    Use of the Facebook like button
        Plug-ins from the social network Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, have been integrated on the kununu platform. The so-called like button is visible on our pages in the form of a thumbs-up icon. To find out more about how the Facebook like button works, please click here. While visiting the kununu website, the integrated plug-ins create a direct link between your browser and Facebook servers, meaning that your IP address is sent to Facebook. As a result, Facebook is aware that you visited our site from your IP address. More information about this is provided in Facebook’s Data Policy, which is available here.
    
        XING itself receives no information about the content of the sent data.
    
        Website visits can be assigned to the data contained in a Facebook profile by clicking on the like button. By doing so, Facebook is able to assign kununu site visits to a Facebook user account. kununu site visitors who do not want their data to be sent to Facebook and linked to a Facebook user profile can prevent this from happening by logging out of their Facebook user account prior to visiting the kununu site.
    Use of Google Analytics
        In order to tailor our website to suit user needs, we use the web analysis tool Google Analytics provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies, i.e. text files saved on your computer that enable your use of our website to be analyzed. The information generated by the cookie with regard to your use of this website (including your IP address) is sent to a Google server located in the USA and saved there. To this end, we use what is known as an “_anonymizeIp()” script to ensure that your IP address is immediately anonymized by Google following geo-localization. We have also concluded a Commissioned Data Processing Agreement with Google according to Section 11 of the German Data Protection Act (BDSG).
    
        Google will use this information to analyze your use of the website, to compile website activity reports for the website operator, and to provide additional services related to website and internet use. Google may also pass this information on to third parties if required to do so by law or if said third parties process this data on Google’s behalf. Google will not link your IP address with other Google data.
    
        You can prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the corresponding settings in your browser. However, we should point out that you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website by doing so. Google also offers so-called deactivation tools for some browsers that allow you to prevent your user behavior from being tracked and analyzed. More information about these tools and downloads are available here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=enGoogle AdWords Conversion Tracking
        This website uses Google AdWords Conversion Tracking, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google AdWords Conversion Tracking also uses cookies which are saved on your computer and enable your use of our website to be analyzed. The information regarding your use of the website is sent to a Google server located in the USA and saved there. Google will use this information to analyze your use of the website, to compile website activity reports for website operators, and to provide additional services related to website and internet use. Google may also pass this information on to third parties if required to do so by law or if said third parties process this data on Google’s behalf. Google will not link this data with other Google data. You can prevent the general use of cookies by disabling them in your browser.
    Yieldlab
        We use Yieldlab technologies on our website to optimize the serving of advertising content there. We also use cookies to do this. You can prevent the use of Yieldlab by opting out. More information about opting out and the opportunity to opt-out are available here: http://www.yieldlab.com/privacy/