The materials contained in this web site are provided for general information purposes only and are not intended to provide legal or other professional advice nor to they commit Institute of Computer Education Ltd. to any obligation whatsoever. Institute of Computer Education Ltd. accepts no responsibility for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage which may arise from reliance on information contained in this site. Users are advised to seek confirmation of statements made herein before acting upon them; specialist advice should also be sought on specific issues.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes Institute of Computer Education Ltd.’s current policies and practices with regard to personal data collected by Institute of Computer Education Ltd. through its websites, www.icemalta.com (hereinafter referred to collectively as “ICE’s websites”). This privacy policy is independent from Institute of Computer Education Ltd.’s offline personal data collection practices. The term “personal data” refers to personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, birth date, e-mail address or mailing address, and any other information that is identified with you personally, including your individual health information.
As you browse www.icemalta.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with www.icemalta.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Notification of Changes to This Policy
Institute of Computer Education Ltd. is continually improving and adding new functionality and features to its websites and improving and adding to our existing products, services, and programs. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law, and the changing nature of technology, Institute of Computer Education Ltd.’s data practices will change from time to time. If and when our data practices change, Institute of Computer Education Ltd. will post the changes on our websites to notify you of the changes. We encourage you to check this page frequently.
Contracts
All contracts concluded between the Institute of Computer Education and its students are done so using the English language.
Personal Data Collected Through www.icemalta.com
The only personal data Institute of Computer Education Ltd. currently collects through its websites is the information you voluntarily give us when you use our sites.
For example, you may use this site to contact Institute of Computer Education Ltd. with questions and comments. When you fill out a form on our websites, you may provide your name and other contact information, including your company’s name, your e-mail address, and your mailing address or the mailing address of your company or other personal information.
Use of Personal Data Collected Through www.icemalta.com
Institute of Computer Education Ltd. uses the personal data information you provide to answer the query you will have posted through the site. Institute of Computer Education Ltd. and our affiliates also use this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our websites, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services. Institute of Computer Education Ltd. and our affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about products or services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to “opt-out” of receiving future communications.
Similarly, we may provide “subscription” e-mail services, either directly or through affiliates, which enable you to receive current news about Institute of Computer Education Ltd. and its business. For all such services, we will provide an opportunity to “opt-out” of, or cancel, the subscription.
Requirements and Criteria for Processing
Institute of Computer Education Ltd. ensure that:

personal data is processed fairly and lawfully;
personal data is always processed in accordance with good practice;
personal data is only collected for specific, explicitly stated and legitimate purposes;
personal data is not processed for any purpose that is incompatible with that for which the information is collected;
personal data that is processed is adequate and relevant in relation to the purposes of the processing;
no more personal data is processed than is necessary having regard to the purposes of the processing;
personal data that is processed is correct and, if necessary, up to date;
all reasonable measures are taken to complete, correct, block or erase data to the extent that such data is incomplete or incorrect, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed;
personal data is not kept for a period longer than is necessary, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed.

Personal data may be processed only if:

the data subject has unambiguously given his consent; or
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract; or
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Institute of Computer Education Ltd. is subject; or
processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject; or
processing is necessary for the performance of an activity that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in Institute of Computer Education Ltd. or in a third party to whom the data is disclosed; or
processing is necessary for a purpose that concerns a legitimate interest of Institute of Computer Education Ltd. or of such a third party to whom personal data is provided, except where such interest is overridden by the interest to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject and in particular the right to privacy.

 
 
Anonymous Data Collected Through www.icemalta.com.
In addition to the information you provide when you use our websites, Institute of Computer Education Ltd. uses technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our websites. For example, we use technology to track how many visitors access our websites, the date and time of their visit, the length of their stay, and which pages they view. We also use technology to determine which web browsers our visitors use and the address from which they accessed our sites (for example, if they connected to a Institute of Computer Education Ltd. website by clicking on one of our banner ads).
This technology does not identify you personally. It simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our sites. Institute of Computer Education Ltd. and our affiliates use this anonymous data and share it with third parties to improve the content and functionality of our websites, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Institute of Computer Education Ltd. may share some or all of the personal data collected through this website with our affiliates in Malta and overseas, who use this data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Both Institute of Computer Education Ltd. and our affiliates may share personal data collected through its websites with third-party vendors in Malta and overseas who act for or on behalf of Institute of Computer Education Ltd. or our affiliates (for example, companies that provide support services to us, including data processing services, or that help us market our products and services). These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose. In addition, there may be some other, limited circumstances in which Institute of Computer Education Ltd. or our affiliates may share or transfer the personal data in our databases, for example, to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event.
While no method of data transmission is guaranteed against unlawful third party interception or other misuse, Institute of Computer Education Ltd. uses commercially reasonable efforts to ensure protection of your data including industry-standard encryption and offline security methods in our physical facilities.
Link to Other Sites
This privacy policy applies only to Institute of Computer Education Ltd.’s websites. Institute of Computer Education Ltd. and our affiliates operate other websites for different purposes and in different countries where different laws may apply. If you visit an Institute of Computer Education Ltd. website, please take a moment to review the privacy policy posted on that site to learn what personal data may be collected through that site and how it is processed.
Institute of Computer Education Ltd.’s websites may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by Institute of Computer Education Ltd. or one of our affiliates. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. Institute of Computer Education Ltd. does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself.
Rectification, Deletion etc
Institute of Computer Education Ltd. shall at the request of the data subject to immediately rectify, block or erase such personal data that has not been processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act or with regulations made thereunder.
Institute of Computer Education Ltd. shall notify any third party to whom the data has been disclosed about the measures undertaken as aforesaid.
Provided that no such notification need be provided if it is shown to be impossible or it will involve a disproportionate effort.
Subject Access Policy
Institute of Computer Education Ltd. will provide information in response to any reasonable subject access request. Institute of Computer Education Ltd. will ensure data are kept in an accessible form to facilitate subject access.
Institute of Computer Education Ltd. at the request of the data subject shall provide to the data subject, without excessive delay and without expense, written information as to whether personal data concerning the data subject is processed:
Provided that a request by the data as aforesaid shall only be made by the data subject at reasonable intervals.
Any such application shall be made in writing to Institute of Computer Education Ltd. and is to be signed by the data subject.
If such data is processed Institute of Computer Education Ltd. shall provide to the data subject written information in an intelligible form about:

actual information about the data subject which is processed;
where this information has been collected;
the purpose of the processing;
to which recipients or categories of recipients the information is disclosed; and
knowledge of the logic involved in any automatic processing of data concerning the data subject.

Governing Law
This privacy policy is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Malta and relevant EU legislation.
Questions About Our Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or concerns about the way Institute of Computer Education Ltd. processes your personal data, please contact us.
