Privacy policy concerning GoOpti services.
PRIVACY AND COOKIES
Your privacy is important to us. We value your trust and we are committed to protecting and safeguarding any personal information you give us. This document is an integral part of the GoOpti Terms and Conditions. This document can be updated from time to time and describes how we use and process your personal data and how we use cookies, with which you agree by accepting this Privacy Policy. It also tells you how you can contact us if you have questions about your personal information.
GoOpti provides online travel services through its own websites and mobile apps and through other online platforms such as partners’ websites and social media.
PRIVACY
What kind of personal information does GoOpti use?
When you make a booking, you will be asked for your name, address, telephone number, email address, payment details, the names of passengers traveling with you and other preferences.
To make it easier to manage your bookings, you can open the user account – myOpti. This allows you to save your personal settings, review previous bookings and change your personal information.
When you visit our website, even if you don't make a booking, we may collect certain information, like your IP address or browser type, and information about your computer’s operating system, application version, language settings and pages that have been shown to you. If you are using a mobile device, we might also collect data that identifies your mobile device, device-specific settings and characteristics and location details. We might also calculate and process data related to the type of APPS installed on a mobile device, such as the name of the APP, the description of the APP and the category it belongs to. If enabled in the application settings, we may collect and process the geolocation data when you are using our services, the geolocation may be obtained from the access information such as your IP address or during the transportation with the GPS tracking system in the vehicles. None of this information alone will be able to tell us who you are, but it can still be considered as personal information.
We may also receive information about you when you use certain social media services.
Why does GoOpti collect, use and share your personal information?
1. Bookings: First and foremost, we use your personal information to complete and administer your online booking and forward your booking details to the respective GoOpti Platform Member.
2. Customer service: We provide international customer service 24/7 by our local offices in more than 8 languages. Sharing your details within the GoOpti Group allows for a quick response when you need us – including helping you find an appropriate transfer and answer any questions you might have about your booking.
3. User account administration: We offer the user account – myOpti facility on our website. We use the information you give us to administer this, allowing us to manage your bookings, inform you of special offers, make it easier for you to manage your future bookings and your personal settings, and to review your previous searches.
4. Customer reviews: We may use your contact information to invite you to write a customer review of the carriage with the purpose of improving our services and supervising the GoOpti Platform Members.
5. Marketing activities: We may also use your information for marketing activities, as permitted by law. For example:
Marketing communications:
When you make a booking with GoOpti or if you set up the user account – myOpti, we may use your contact information to send you news about similar travel-related products and services. We also send our customers regular newsletters by email.
You can opt-out or unsubscribe from marketing communication at any time.
Based on the information you share with us, individualized offers may be shown to you on our website, in mobile apps or on third-party websites, including social media sites.
When we believe that a particular offer may be of interest to you, we may decide to make contact with you by phone.
Market research:
We sometimes ask our customers to take part in market research. Any additional personal details that you give us as part of the market research will only be used with your consent.
6. Other communications: There may be other times when we get in touch by email, by post, by phone or by texting you, depending on the contact information you share with us. There could be a number of reasons for this:
We may need to respond to and handle requests you have made.
If you have not finalized a booking online, we may email you a reminder to continue with your booking. We believe that this additional service is useful to you because it allows you to carry on with a booking without having to search for the carriage again or fill in all the booking details from scratch.
When you use our services, we may send you a questionnaire or invite you to provide a review of your experience with GoOpti.
We may also send you other material related to your booking, such as how to contact GoOpti if you need assistance while you are traveling, or a summary of previous bookings you made using GoOpti.
7. Fraud detection and prevention: We may use personal information for the detection and prevention of fraud and other illegal or unwanted activities.
8. Improving our services: Finally, we use personal information for analytical purposes, to improve our services, enhance the user experience, and improve the functionality and quality of our carriage services.
How does GoOpti use social media?
We use social media to promote our partners’ offers and to promote, improve and facilitate our own services. For example, we integrated social media plugins into the GoOpti website. Therefore, when you click on one of the buttons and register with your social media account, information is shared with your social media provider, and possibly presented on your social media profile to be shared with others in your network.
In addition to implementing these buttons, GoOpti uses social media by maintaining accounts on several social media sites and by offering social apps. These social media services may allow you to share information with GoOpti. When you register with a social media app, you will be told which information will be shared with GoOpti. The information you choose to share with us may include the basic information that is already available in your social media profile, email address, status updates and your friends list. This information is necessary to create a unique user experience either in the app itself or on our website. It facilitates things like personalizing our website to suit your needs, connecting you with your friends at travel destinations and analyzing and enhancing our connected travel-related services.
We may also enable you to sign in to GoOpti services with your social media accounts. Your social media provider will be able to tell you more about how they use and process your data in such cases.
How does GoOpti share your data with third parties?
In certain circumstances, we may share your personal data with third parties.
The services you booked: In order to complete your booking, we need to transfer relevant booking details to the franchisee – carrier. This may include information like your name, contact and payment details, the names of passengers traveling with you and any preferences you specified when making a booking.
Other companies within the GoOpti corporate family: In order to support you during the booking process and throughout your journey, your details may be shared with subsidiaries of the GoOpti corporate family. To find out more about the GoOpti corporate family, visit the tab “About”.
Third-party service providers: We may use third-party service providers to process your personal data on our behalf for the purposes specified above. For example, we may use service providers to send the booking information on our behalf for the service you just booked, or we may instruct third parties to contact you. When a situation requires it, we may also work with third-party payment service providers to facilitate payment or payment guarantees. We also work with third-party advertising networks to market our services on other platforms, or involve third-party providers for analytical purposes. These third parties involved in any of these cases will be bound by confidentiality agreements and will not be allowed to use your personal data for any purposes other than those specified above.
Our business partners: We work with partner websites around the world to distribute the services listed on our website and in our mobile apps. When you make a booking on one of these business partners’ websites, certain personal information that you give them may be shared with us. Similarly, we may share information with this business partner, for example, as part of the administration of your user account – myOpti, in order to manage your booking, so that they can address queries related to your booking and for marketing purposes. In this context, your information is governed by the privacy policies of these business partners.
Competent authorities: We may share your personal information with governmental or investigative authorities if we are required by law (or any regulation having the force of law) to do so. Such requirements include court orders, subpoenas and orders arising from legal processes and criminal investigations. We may also disclose your personal data if it is strictly necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal acts.
How does GoOpti use customer reviews?
After your trip, you may be invited to submit a customer review. By completing a customer review, you agree that it can be displayed together with your name, surname, domicile, age. Comments may be published on the relevant property information page on our websites, in our mobile apps, in our social media accounts, or on the website of the relevant property or on our business partner’s website.
COOKIES
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data that a website places on your computer. GoOpti uses the following cookies (time period in brackets):
• GoOpti

_gsf_ob - is old browser (20 years)
_gsf_sess - session cookie (24 hours)
_gsf_aff_alias - affiliate (21 days)
_gsf_ret_usr - returning user (5 years)
_gsf_conf - confirmation (20 years)
_gsf_user - user login (7 days)

• Google

_ga - Used for Google Analytics to distinguish users (2 years)
_gat - Used to throttle request rate (10 minutes)
_drt_ - Doubleclick; Google ads
id - Doubleclick; Google ads
CONSENT (20 years)
NID (6 months)

• Facebook
• Intercom

intercom-id (10 years)
intercom-visitor-semaphore (7 days)
intercom-session (7 days)

• HotJar

hjIncludedInSample (session)
hjMinimizedPolls (1 year)

Why do websites use cookies?
Web pages have no memory. If you are surfing from page to page within a website, you will not be recognized as the same user across pages. Cookies enable your browser to be recognized by the website. So cookies are mainly used to remember the choices you have made – choices such as the language you prefer and the currency you use. They will also make sure you are recognized when you return to a website.
Do all cookies do the same thing?
No, there are different types of cookies and different ways of using them. Cookies can be categorized according to their function, their lifespan and according to who places them on a website.
How does GoOpti use cookies?
We try to give our visitors an advanced and user-friendly website that adapts automatically to their needs and wishes. To achieve this, our website uses the following types of cookies: Technical cookies, Functional cookies, Analytical cookies and Commercial cookies.
How long do GoOpti cookies stay active?
The cookies we use have varying lifespans. The maximum lifespan we set on some is twenty years from your last visit to our website. You can erase all cookies from your browser any time you want.
How can you recognize GoOpti cookies?
You can find our cookies in your browser settings.
Does GoOpti use third-party cookies?
Yes, GoOpti uses the services of trusted and recognized online advertising and marketing companies. GoOpti may also use third-party providers for analytical purposes. To enable their services, these companies need to place cookies.
The providers we use are committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices and standards.
Who has access to GoOpti cookie data?
Only GoOpti has access to GoOpti cookies. Cookies placed by third parties can be accessed by these third parties.
How can you manage your cookie preferences?
In your browser settings in, for example, Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox or Chrome, you can set which cookies to accept and which to reject. Where you find these settings depends on which browser you use. Use the "Help" function in your browser to locate the settings you need.
If you choose not to accept certain cookies, you may not be able to use some functions on our website. If you Opt-Out of personalized advertising, you will still be subjected to adds, however they will not be customized according to your preferences and browsing habits.
Does GoOpti use web beacons?
In addition to using cookies, GoOpti sometimes uses web beacons. A web beacon is a tiny graphic image of just one pixel that is delivered to your computer either as part of a web page request or in an HTML email message. Either directly or through service providers, we use these pixels as part of our online advertisements either on our website or on third-party websites to learn whether a user who is being shown an online advertisement also makes a booking.
SECURITY
What security procedures does GoOpti put in place to safeguard your personal data?
In accordance with European data protection laws, we observe reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized access and the misuse of personal data.
We use appropriate systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the personal data you give us. We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal data on our servers. Only authorized personnel are permitted to access personal data in the course of their work.
For the purpose of marketing activities in accordance with the personal data processing agreement (model clauses) GoOpti may share your personal data (name, surname, email address, telephone number, information regarding the booking of GoOpti services and transportation, information on accessing the system, chosen language of the internet page, information regarding the survey, session information) with the company Intercom, based in USA, that is abiding by the Directive 95/46/EC of the EU Parliament and Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. The company Intercom is processing the personal data in the name and for GoOpti in the scope of the authorization given by GoOpti in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your credit card details – when they are needed as part of the booking process – are not stored in the GoOpti system except when you specifically agree.
Children
The services offered by GoOpti are not directed at children under the age of 18. The use of any of our services is only allowed with the valid consent of a parent or a legal guardian.
CONTACT
How can you control the personal data you have given to GoOpti?
You always have the right to review the personal data we keep about you. You can request an overview of your personal data by emailing us at customer.service@GoOpti.com. Please write "Request for personal data" in the subject line of your email and include a copy of your identity card to help us prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing your personal data.
If you have the user account – myOpti, you can update your personal data by yourself.
You can also ask us to remove your personal data from our customer database by sending us an email to customer.service@GoOpti.com with “Request for removal of personal information” in the subject line.
Your comments on the processing of personal data on the GoOpti website and apps?
GoOpti controls the processing of personal information on its websites and in its mobile apps. If you have any suggestions or comments about this privacy notice, please send an email to customer.service@GoOpti.com.
NOTICE
GoOpti and its subsidiaries undertake to protect your privacy and to do everything in their power to secure the data you provided. The provided personal data will only be used by GoOpti for the purpose and in ways as stated above. GoOpti has no intention to send you any messages or notices of improper subject matter.
The GoOpti web page includes links to web pages of other organizations, companies or persons. GoOpti takes no responsibility for the privacy policies and substance of these web pages. The links are meant only as a helpful tool for the customer, who might be interested in the functioning of GoOpti.
GoOpti has discretion to change, adapt, add or remove parts of this Privacy Policy, and therefore invites you to check the Policy from time to time to inform yourself of the changes. In cases of major changes of the Privacy Policy, you shall be notified via email or your myOpti account. By using the GoOpti web page after the policy change you agree to the changes.
