
If you are a Trader

                            When you join Checkatrade we’ll collect some of your personal details so that we can make sure you have everything you need to make the most of our services. Please rest assured that we’ll only use this information for administering your membership and to support you while you’re a member.
                        

                            Examples of the types of personal information we usually collect are:
                        

Name
Address
Telephone number (including mobile)
Email address
Date of birth
Payment details (Direct Debit, credit/debit card number)
Trade category


                            It is important to note that in order to become a Checkatrade member that you will also have to pass our independent checks which include sharing data with Trading Standards. The information we collect as part of your membership application will be used to carry out these checks.
                        

                            None of the information you provide will ever be used for any other purpose without your permission. If any of the data is missing from the application form or is incorrect, we may not be able to process your application.
                        
If you are visiting our website

                            If you are visiting our website then we will collect information about your computer which includes your I.P. address. We collect this information as it allows us to monitor how effective our website is and how easily it is for you to get around. We also use Cookies, which are little bits of code that attach to your web browser and again help us to see how the site is working. You can read more about cookies and how to manage them here.
                        
If you provide us with member feedback

                            When you use a Checkatrade member they will provide you with a feedback form to fill in and return to us. We use the feedback forms to collect information about our members so that we can make sure they are providing the best service. In order to validate feedback we ask you for the following personal information:
                        

Name
Address
Telephone number
Email address
Signature


                            We will only ever use your personal information to contact you about your review and to make sure it is genuine. If you have given your consent, we will also use your details to tell you about other products and services that we think may be of interest to you. We will never sell or share your details with third parties for marketing purposes.
                        

                            If you are happy to provide feedback on the work that has been carried out we will publish your review on the website although we will never display your full details and you can request to have your review removed at any time.
                        

                            Any feedback submitted to us will be provided to the relevant member if they request it and they can use it on other platforms or marketing materials which are not owned or controlled by Checkatrade. We will only ever share your feedback, not your personal details.
                        

