
Please read the following conditions carefully before continuing. Persons who log on to the zermatt.ch website of Zermatt Tourism signify their agreement to the following conditions.General Contractual and Travel Terms and ConditionsWe are delighted that you are interested in spending your holiday at the destination Zermatt-Matterhorn. Please read these General Contractual and Travel Terms and Conditions (GCTTC) carefully. They constitute an integral part of every contract.
 Copyright and trademark rightsThe entire content of the zermatt.ch website is copyright protected. All rights are owned by Zermatt Tourism or third parties. The elements contained on the zermatt.ch website are freely accessible for browsing purposes only. Duplication of this material, or parts thereof, in any written or electronic form is permitted only with a specific mention of zermatt.ch. Reproduction, transfer, amendment, linking or use of the zermatt.ch website for public or commercial purposes is prohibited without the prior written consent of Zermatt Tourism. The various names and logos appearing on the zermatt.ch site are generally registered and protected trademarks. No part of the zermatt.ch is designed in such a way as to grant a licence or right to utilise a picture, registered mark or logo. Downloading or copying the zermatt.ch website or parts thereof, confers no rights whatsoever in respect of the software or elements of the zermatt.ch website. Zermatt Tourism reserves all rights in respect of all elements of the zermatt.ch website with the exception of rights belonging to third parties.No warrantyAlthough Zermatt Tourism has taken all possible care to safeguard the reliability of the information contained on the zermatt.ch website at the time of its publication, neither Zermatt Tourism nor its contracting partners can give any explicit or implicit assurance or warranty (including to third parties) in respect of the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information on zermatt.ch. Opinions and other information contained on the zermatt.ch website may be changed at any time without prior notice. Zermatt Tourism accepts no responsibility and gives no guarantee to the effect that the functions on zermatt.ch website will not be interrupted or that the zermatt.ch website or the relevant server is or are free from viruses or other harmful contents.Limitation of liabilityAll liability of Zermatt Tourism (including liability for negligence) for direct, indirect or secondary damage suffered as a result of access to the elements of the zermatt.ch website or to use of that site or as a consequence of impossibility of access to or use thereof or links to other websites, is hereby declined.Links to other websitesThe zermatt.ch website contains links to websites operated by third parties which might be of interest to you. When activating these links you might leave the zermatt.ch website or summaries of third-party websites may be displayed within the context of the zermatt.ch website. Zermatt Tourism has not carried out any checks whatsoever on the websites of third parties accessible via links on the zermatt.ch website and is in no way responsible for their content or effective operation. This applies regardless of whether when activating the link you leave the zermatt.ch website or the display appears within the context of the zermatt.ch website, as well as if in the latter case the information provider of an external website is not immediately obvious. Establishing the link or consulting websites operated by third parties is at the sole risk and peril of the user.Data protectionZermatt Tourism attaches great importance to data protection. As a visitor to the zermatt.ch website, you decide which personal data you are willing to disclose to us. However, we wish to call your attention to the fact that by visiting our website and reading the Newsletter you automatically provide us with information which enables us to determine how visitors use our website and Newsletter and which information and offers meet with particular interest. If you register personally or make bookings via our website or request information material or other services, we require personal information about you, such as your name and address. To the extent that such services are provided by third parties, we will pass your data on to the service providers concerned; by giving us your particulars, you automatically authorize us to do so. Otherwise we will treat your personal data in confidence and only process it ourselves or release it to third parties in an anonymized form. Such third parties may also be located abroad. Data processing by ourselves or by third parties is performed solely for the purpose of giving individual information to our customers – save where it is used to provide services requested by you – and is designed to meet their interests and needs and also used for statistical and marketing purposes for ourselves and for tourism service providers in Switzerland. Data processing is intended to enable us to design our website and our own service offering to meet the needs of users. However, data processing is also effected, in particular, for market analysis and to ascertain interest in the wide-ranging tourist service offering in Switzerland thereby enabling us to reach conclusions as to the design of this tourist service offering in an appropriate way to satisfy needs and to enable Swiss tourist businesses to benefit from this knowledge. Any other use of your personal particulars, in particular their sale to third parties, is expressly excluded. As a registered customer you can ask us to provide information on the content of your customer data held by us.CookiesCookies are small data elements which a website may send your browser to give you better support when using database-assisted systems. However, you can set your browser in such a way that it informs you when you receive a cookie or automatically declines to accept it. You can therefore decide for yourself whether or not you wish to accept. However, non-acceptance of a cookie means that you cannot set up a personal account with zermatt.ch or make online hotel bookings.Transmission of our e-newsletter and emailsZermatt Tourism sends out info newsletters containing further information, e.g. on updated websites or special offers by email. If you register for this service, we wish to call your attention to the fact that the emails are generally transmitted in non-encrypted form with the attendant risk that such data may be intercepted and read by third parties.Opt Out PolicyYou may de-subscribe from the zermatt.ch newsletter at any time. Each newsletter contains a direct link which enables you to de-subscribe easily and automatically. 
