 For your convenience we have listed all of terms of usage below.
Terms of Use
Important
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. These terms and conditions (together with the documents that they refer to) set out the basis upon which you are entitled to access and use Iarnród Éireann websites (each the “website”).
By using the website, you confirm that you accept the terms and conditions (the “terms of use”) and that you agree to comply with them.  If you do not agree with these terms of use, you must not use the website.
Other Applicable Terms
These Terms of Use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of the Website:
Our Privacy Statement which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using the Website, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Information about us
This Website is a site operated by Iarnród Éireann – Irish Rail (“Iarnród Éireann”, "we", "us" or "our") of Connolly Station, Dublin 1.
These Terms of Use apply to all websites and domains owned by Iarnród Éireann.
Use of Website
Using the Website for the purposes of browsing and using our services is permitted.  Any other use of the content and software on the Website, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication or display of the content on the Website without our express permission, is strictly prohibited.
The Website or any portion of the Website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by us.
You must not misuse the Website by knowingly or recklessly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or harmful.  You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Website, the server on which the Website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.  You must not attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
We reserve the right to refuse access to the Website and/or the services contained herein in our discretion, including, without limitation, if we believe that particular conduct violates applicable law, is harmful to our interests or is in breach of these Terms of Use
Intellectual Property
All content included on the Website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and software is our property or the property of our licensors and is protected by applicable copyright and/or other intellectual property laws.
You acknowledge that you are only permitted to use any material contained on the Website as authorised by us and you further agree not to copy, reproduce, transmit, distribute or create derivative works of such material without our prior written authorisation.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer
You hereby acknowledge and agree that the Website is available for use ‘as is’ and ‘as available’, with no warranties of any kind whatsoever and that, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, we make no warranty regarding, and shall have no responsibility for, the accuracy, availability, reliability, security, fitness for purpose or performance of the Website or the contents thereof.
You acknowledge and agree that we may temporarily suspend access to the Website for any reason without notice, including but not limited to where there is a breakdown, error, defect or malfunction of any part of the Website.
Except as expressly set out in these Terms of Use, all representations, warranties, terms and conditions whether express or implied in relation to the Website or the information contained herein are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Due to the fact that we cannot guarantee that the Website will be fault free or that the information contained on the Website will be correct, you agree that we shall not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever arising out of or in connection with the Website or the contents thereof, whether under theories of contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise
Compliance with Applicable Laws
Due to the global nature of the Internet you agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct.  You also agree to comply with any applicable rules regarding the export of any technical data from any country
Links to Other Websites
The Website may contain links to websites operated by third parties.  Such links are provided for your convenience only.  We have no control over these websites and we are not responsible for their availability or content.  The inclusion on the Website of links to such other websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.
Linking to the Website
You may link to the home page of the Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.  You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to the Website in any website that is not owned by you.  The Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. 
If you wish to make any use of content on the Website other than that set out above, please Contact Us.
Variations
These Terms of Use and any documents referred to herein may be amended from time to time by us.  The Website will specify the latest date on which the terms of use have been amended.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish Courts.
Contact Us
If you have comments or questions about our Terms of Use, please Contact Us.
Privacy Statement
Iarnród Éireann respects your privacy
This Privacy Statement is issued by Iarnród Éireann – Irish Rail of Connolly Station, Dublin 1 (“Iarnród Éireann”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
Iarnród Éireann respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you of the data relating to you that we collect and use in connection with this website and the uses (including disclosures to third parties) we make of such data. 
If you have any questions about our use of your personal data, please contact us.
Sites covered by this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to all websites and domains owned by Iarnród Éireann.
Links to non-Iarnród Éireann websites
Iarnród Éireann websites may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. Iarnród Éireann is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites or for the privacy policies and practices of other third parties.
Personal Data that we Collect and Process
We collect and process personal data relating to you in connection with your use of this website and our relationship with you. The types of personal data you provide to us on these pages may include:

Your name and contact details, including your postal address, phone number and e-mail address;
 your user ID and password to your account on our website;
 your credit/debit card or bank account details;
 your contact preferences;
 your educational and employment background;
 the Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you access the Website (an IP address is the number automatically assigned to your computer when you are surfing the web); and
any other information relating to you that you provide to us or that we generate about you in connection with your use of the website

Requirement to Provide Personal Data
You are not under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide us with any personal data.
Non-personal information
We collect and analyse certain statistical information about the use of this website (“non-personal information”). When you visit our website, the following non-personal information is retained about that visit:

the previous website from which you accessed the Website;
the identity of any search engine used to access the Website, and any search terms used;
the IP address of any link used to access the Website;
the type of browser and operating system used to access the Website;
the date and time of your access to the Website;
a list of all the pages visited while in the Website; and
the page from which you exit the Website

Most non-personal information is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. To learn more about Iarnród Éireann's use of cookies, please see below.
Children’s privacy
Iarnród Éireann is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. Iarnród Éireann does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and Iarnród Éireann does not target its websites to children under 13.
Iarnród Éireann's use of cookies
Cookies are small data files placed on your computer or internet enabled device by websites in order to add functionality. A cookie can be used to identify a user’s computer or internet enabled device to the website, or to other third party websites. Cookies help to improve the usage and effectiveness of the website, for example by remembering preferences expressed by a user or tracking a user’s use of the website for statistical analysis.
If you would like to restrict the use of cookies, you can turn off the cookie acceptance option in your browser settings. Links to advice on how to do this for the most popular Internet browsers are provided below for convenience and will be available for the Internet browser of your choice either online or via the software help (normally available via key F1). Please note that disabling cookie support may prevent the website from functioning properly and you may not be able to fully utilise all of its features and services.
Please see our Cookie Policy for further details on the cookies that we use.
How Iarnród Éireann uses your personal data and non-personal information
Iarnród Éireann uses your personal data to provide you with products or services and to help us better understand your needs and interests. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction or order, to communicate with you, to provide service and support, to update you on services and benefits, to personalize promotional offers and to personalize some Iarnród Éireann websites. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding Iarnród Éireann products or services. We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding such communications.
Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. Credit card information is not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or Iarnród Éireann.
Non-personal information is aggregated for reporting about Iarnród Éireann website usability, performance and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and website content.
Legal basis for processing personal data 
The legal bases on which we process your personal data are:

that this is necessary for the performance of tasks that we carry out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us by law;
that this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that applies to us;
 that this is necessary for the performance of our contract with you; or
that you have given your consent to the processing

Who Iarnród Éireann shares your information with
We may disclose your personal data to other organisations in connection with the above purposes including

to third parties who we engage to provide services to us in connection with the website, such as outsourced service providers, IT service providers, professional advisers and auditors;
to other members of our corporate group;
to any successor owners or operators of the Website; and
to other public authorities and bodies where required or permitted by law, such as the Gardaí or other law enforcement authorities for the purposes of the prevention, investigation or detection of crime

Iarnród Éireann will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others.
Retention
We will not hold your personal data for longer than is necessary. We retain your personal data for as long as we need it for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, or to comply with our obligations under applicable law and, if relevant, to deal with any claim or dispute that might arise between you and us.
Transfers
In connection with the above we may transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area, including to a jurisdiction which is not recognised by the European Commission as providing for an equivalent level of protection for personal data as is provided for in the European Union, for example for example surveymonkey is an online customer research tool provided by a company in the US and is used to carry out market research on our product or services.
If and to the extent that we do so, we will ensure that appropriate measures are in place to comply with our obligations under applicable law governing such transfers.  These may include entering into a contract governing the transfer that contains the ‘standard contractual clauses’ approved for this purpose by the European Commission or, in respect of transfers to the United States of America, ensuring that the transfer is covered by the EU-US Privacy Shield framework. If you would like to receive further details of the measures that we have taken in this regard, please Contact Us.
Your Rights
You have the following rights, in certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, in relation to your personal data:

the right to access your personal data;
the right to request the rectification and/or erasure of your personal data;
the right to restrict the use of your personal data;
the right to object to the processing of your personal data;
the right to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to require us to transmit that data to another controller; and
where our processing of your personal data is based on you having provided consent, the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time

If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, or have comments or questions about our Privacy Statement, please Contact Us.
Your Marketing Choices
Iarnród Éireann gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can subscribe to receive certain product and service specific information and Iarnród Éireann marketing communications. Iarnród Éireann communications may include new product information, special offers, or an invitation to participate in market research. We give you a choice regarding delivery of Iarnród Éireann communications by postal mail, e-mail and telephone. We will make every effort to honour your preferences. This option does not apply to communications for the purpose of administering order completion.
You can choose whether to receive marketing communications by following the instructions at the time of entering your personal data ("opt-in").
To opt-out of receiving communications you have expressly requested (such as e-mail newsletters, software updates, etc.), use any of the following methods:

Select the e-mail "opt-out" or "unsubscribe" link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each subscription communication
Return to the Web page(s) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions
Write to the Iarnód Éireann - Digital Channels (Contact Us) - be sure to provide your name, e-mail and postal address, and relevant information about your Iarnród Éireann registrations

Access to and accuracy of your information
Iarnród Éireann strives to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to maintain customer data accuracy. We will provide you with access to your information, including making reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to change your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Certain areas of Iarnród Éireann websites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
Keeping your information secure
Iarnród Éireann is committed to protecting the information you provide. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, Iarnród Éireann has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
When you purchase travel tickets online or access your personal profile you can do so through a secure server. The use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology means that all personal information, such as your credit/debit card number, will be encrypted as it travels from your computer to the Iarnród Éireann Online Booking Engine. When received, the information is decrypted and processed in the same way as a normal card transaction by telephone. This security measure is working when you see either the symbol of an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser) on the bottom of your browser window.
If your browser supports SSL, and if you entered our site via our secure server access, then transmission of any sensitive data will be protected. If your browser does not support SSL, we recommend that you upgrade to the latest version of any browser to enhance the security of further transactions, otherwise the transmission of your personal data may not be protected and Iarnród Éireann disclaims any responsibility in this regard.
Changes to this statement
We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. The Privacy Statement will specify the latest date on which the terms have been amended.
Complaints
If you are not happy with the way we are using your personal data or how we facilitate your rights or comply with our obligations under applicable data protection law, you have the right to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commission by emailing info@dataprotection.ie.
Iarnród Éireann - Irish Rail Cookie Policy
Iarnród Éireann respects the privacy of all visitors to our website. This Cookie Policy outlines our policy concerning the use of cookies on all Iarnród Éireann websites.
We may update our Cookies Policy to reflect any changes in technology or data protection law. Any updates or changes that may affect how we use cookies or how you as a user can manage cookies will appear on this page.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files placed on your computer or internet enabled device by websites in order to add functionality. A cookie can be used to identify a user’s computer or internet enabled device to the website, or to other third party websites. This allows websites to improve the way they work, such as remembering preferences expressed by a user or tracking a user’s use of a website for statistical analysis. Typically, cookies involve the assigning of a unique number to the visitor. More information about cookies can be found on www.aboutcookies.org and www.allaboutcookies.org
Cookies on Iarnród Éireann websites
Iarnród Éireann sets the following types of cookies on your device when you visit any of our websites:

Strictly necessary cookies
Performance and analytics cookies
Targeting and advertising cookies

These cookies are a mixture of first party cookies, which we set ourselves, and third party cookies that are set by third party service providers.
Strictly necessary cookies - We use the following cookies which are strictly necessary to allow you to access our websites, to move between pages and to receive services which you have requested:



 
 
 
 



 Strictly necessary cookies


Cookie NameProviderDescriptionMore Information
    


These cookies include session cookies that allow users to stay logged in while navigating through our websites and to carry out essential tasks such as adding items to a shopping basket when purchasing tickets on our websites.
These cookies don’t usually contain any personal data and are typically set by Iarnród Éireann to provide specific services such as e-commerce transactions.
Performance and analytics cookies - Cookies are also used to collect statistical information about visitors of our websites and the pages they view. These cookies allow visitors to receive a high quality experience through customised offerings and facilitate timely identification and resolution of any issues that arise.  The following performance cookies are used on our websites:
Botsify
Botsify 
Personal and Non Personal - tool to have automated chat capabilities to assist customers* and statistical information.
https://botsify.com/ 



 Performance and analytics cookies


Cookie NameProviderDescriptionMore Information
 Google Analytics GoogleNon personal - digital analytics tools to analyse data from all touchpoints in one place, for a deeper understanding of customer experience.  https://www.google.com/analytics

  Google Tag Manager
 Google
 Non personal - Tag Management Capabilities
 https://www.google.com/analytics/tag-manager/  


Hotjar
Hotjar
Personal and Non Personal - Performance monitoring, analytics, customer feedback and survey* 
https://www.hotjar.com/  
Survey Monkey 
Survey Monkey 
Personal and Non Personal - Customer feedback and survey*
https://www.surveymonkey.com/  
Marketo 
Marketo 
Personal - Newsletter communication
https://www.marketo.com/
UserLike
UserLike
Personal and Non Personal - tool to have live chat capabilities to assist customers* and statistical information.
https://www.userlike.com/en/ 
Information collected by these cookies is aggregated and used anonymously. *Where personal information is provided such as name, email, social media log in or contact number is only used for the purpose of the communication or to contact you in relation to the topic you were communication with us on. 
Targeting and advertising cookies - Together with our partners and advertisers we use cookies to display advertisements that we believe are relevant to you and your interests. Third party advertisers and partners may analyse data they collect about your use of our websites in order to serve adverts to you on our websites or on other third party websites. We also work with advertisers in order to display our own adverts on third party websites, based on cookies set on your visit to our websites. Advertisers may also use information about your previous web activity to tailor the adverts which are displayed on our websites. Advertising/targeting cookies may also be used to track your responses to particular adverts, which helps advertisers to ensure that you see the most relevant advertisements in future, both on our websites and on third party websites. The following are targeting/advertising cookies are used on the Website:
Marketo 
Marketo 
Newsletter Analytics 
https://www.marketo.com/



 Targeting and advertising cookies


Cookie NameProviderDescriptionMore Information
Google Adsense  GoogleAdvertising  and Retargetinghttps://www.google.com/adsense/start/#/?modal_active=none 

DoubleClick 
Google 
Advertising  and Retargeting
 https://www.doubleclickbygoogle.com/ 
Other third party cookies - Some cookies that have been set on our websites are not related to Iarnród Éireann. When you visit a page with content embedded from a third party such as YouTube, Twitter or Facebook, these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser.



 
Twitter
Social media tracking user interactions for statistical purposes.
https://analytics.twitter.com/about 



 Third party cookies


Cookie NameProviderDescriptionMore Information
 You TubeSocial media tracking user interactions for statistical purposes. https://www.youtube.com/ 

 
Facebook/ Instagram
Social media tracking user interactions for statistical purposes.
 https://www.facebook.com/business/news/audience-insights 



We do not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them due to the way that cookies work, as cookies can only be accessed by the party who originally set them. You should check the third party websites for more information about these cookies and the cookie policy of these third parties.
Controlling and disabling cookies - If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the cookie acceptance option in your browser settings. For further information about how to turn off cookie acceptance please refer to the “Help” function in your browser.
Please note that disabling cookie support may prevent the Website from functioning properly and you may not be able to fully utilise all of its features and services. Click the link for more information on how to manage cookies, including how to opt-out of performance cookies.
Click the link for more information on how to opt out of Google Analytics.
Additional Information on our App
Our Apps use certain phone features to enhance user experience. Below we have provided a summary of the device features the apps may use and the reasoning why we use them.  At all times if you no longer wish for the app to use any of the features below, please go to you Apple device settings or Android Permissions Manager to amend access.
Storage - The permission is needed to be able to move the app to the SD card. The app needs to be able to read and write its own data afterwards. This is an Android feature allows the smartphone owner to free up as much internal / device memory as possible or help them if they change to a new handset.Network Communication - This is necessary because the app needs to connect with our servers when queries are run which returns results to the smartphone on real-time and static train information. We are using live data because it is not possible to operate an offline version given the nature of the rail environment. There is also a check whether an internet connection is available.Your Location - The app features an option to show stations nearby using Maps and Geo-tagging, so we need to know where the user is for this to work. Raw coordinates are sent to our servers to get a list of stations in the vicinity. The position is only used once and is not stored permanently.Your personal information - This permission allows the app to read and write data to the device's calendar. The user can save trips to his calendar, so we need to be able to store the events. We use the reading permission to get a list of all calendars available as there may be more than one, so the user can choose which calendar the trip will be saved in. We do not read or manipulate any existing calendar entries.This permission allows the user to place shortcuts on the device's home screen so they have quick access to certain queries. This saves the user having to re-enter an origin and destination for every journey.
Contact Us
Prior to contacting us, please review all of the information above. 
Information Missing, General Queries or Feedback 
Iarnód Éireann - Digital ChannelsAmien Street,Dublin 1.D01 V6V6
digital@irishrail.ie 
Data Protection Complaints or Requests 
Iarnód Éireann - Data Protection OfficerAmien Street,Dublin 1.D01 V6V6
dpo@irishrail.ie 
 Useful Links
Previous Versions
 



Terms of use (Current)
Page updated to bring policy in line with GDPR regulations
25/05/2018
Present



Previous versions


VersionTimeValid fromValid to

Terms of use (V.1)
 
09/03/2018
27/03/2018


Terms of use (V.2)
Page updated to include additional disclaimers.
27/03/2018
24/05/2018




