
Every care is taken to secure the permission from the original copyright holder of displayed pictures. In most cases, we will contact you either before we make the feature post, or immediately after, to verify your agreement to the displayed content, and the accuracy of our “link back” to you.
There are situations when the attribution (or the copyright) information for the picture is not known, such as the case with images received through anonymous mailing lists and various mail contributors. If for any reason you’d like us to remove or to correct the images, please contact us by email given in the “About” page. We will promptly fulfill your requests.
We also encourage you to contact us with information about original sources, if it’s not mentioned on the site.
Licence to use website
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Those rights are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. Subject to the licence below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages or images from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
(a) republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
(b) sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
(c) show any material from the website in public;
(d) reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a commercial purpose;
(e) edit or otherwise modify any material on the website;
(f) edit or otherwise modify any material printed off or downloaded in any way;
(g) use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or graphics separately from any accompanying text; or
(h) redistribute material from this website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organisation.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
Information Gathering
IP Addresses: We may use your IP address (the location of your computer on the internet) to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our sites, to gauge the popularity of content areas, and to gather broad demographic information for prospective advertisers.
Bored Panda uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics analyze how users use Bored Panda. The information generated about your use (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of Bored Panda, compiling reports on activity for its staff and providing other services relating to web page activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Bored Panda also uses Google Analytics for Display Advertising. Users can opt out of this service or customize their Google Display Network ads by using the Ad Settings.
Cookies:  We use “cookies” to help deliver advertisements and to identify unique browsers that visit us and to track usage throughout our sites. Some third party merchants and advertisers use cookies, which can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a site. Because we do not control the privacy policies of third party merchants, advertisers or any other sites to which we may provide hyperlinks, you should check the privacy policy of the site you are visiting if you have any concerns about that site’s use of cookies or about that site’s use of your information.
Affiliate links
BoredPanda.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com

