Andy's Rent a Car Privacy Policy

                                                                This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Andy's Rent a Car collects, uses, maintains information collected from users (each, a "user") of the 
Personal identification information

                                                                    We may collect personal identification information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, social security number.
                                                                     
                                                                    We will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activities.
                                                                     
Non-personal identification information
 
We may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our site. Non-personal identification the computer OS and technical information about users means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet Protocol address of your Internet service provider.
  Web browser cookies      
Our site may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.
 
Andy's Rent a Car makes use of either Google's Interest-based advertising, 3rd-party audience data and information from the DoubleClick Cookie
  
Andy's Rent a Car connects tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the AdWords advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie
   
Andy's Rent a Car's traffic gets connected to the AdWords network for remarketing purposes:
   
How we use collected information
 
Andy's Rent a Car collects and uses user's personal information for the following purposes:
                                                                    
        

To improve customer service
                Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience
                We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
To improve our site
                We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions
                We may use the information users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
            
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other site feature
                To send users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
            

                To share your information with third parties
                We may share or sell information with third parties for marketing or other purposes.
            
To send periodic emails
                The email address users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If user decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or user may contact us via our site.
            


How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the site and its users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for users.
Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites

Users may find advertising or other content on our site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.

Changes to this privacy policy
Andy's Rent a Car has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, feel free to This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Andy's Rent a Car collects, uses, maintains information collected from users (each, a "user") of the http://www.andys.ky website ("site"). This privacy policy applies to the site and all products and services offered by Andy's Rent a Car.We may collect personal identification information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, social security number.We will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activities.We may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our site. Non-personal identification the computer OS and technical information about users means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet Protocol address of your Internet service provider.Our site may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.Andy's Rent a Car makes use of either Google's Interest-based advertising, 3rd-party audience data and information from the DoubleClick CookieAndy's Rent a Car connects tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the AdWords advertising network and the DoubleClick CookieAndy's Rent a Car's traffic gets connected to the AdWords network for remarketing purposes:Andy's Rent a Car collects and uses user's personal information for the following purposes:We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our site.Sensitive and private data exchange between the site and its users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for users.We do not sell, trade, or rent users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.Users may find advertising or other content on our site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.Andy's Rent a Car has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, feel free to contact us 