
6442451035
PRIVACY POLICY
Competition Terms and Conditions - Tour 2017 
1.	The promoter is Tottenham Hotspur Football Club.2.	The promotion is a prize draw, which is only open to those 18 years old and over who complete the 'Watch Us Rise Tour 2017 Form' and select 'Yes Please' to the statement 'I'd like to enter the competition to win a trip to London!'.3.	No purchase necessary.4.	The prize is a trip for two people to London, England for three nights. This will include flights, accommodation and Tottenham Hotspur VIP matchday tickets for a game at Wembley Stadium.5.	The prize will also include airport and hotel transfers.6.	Additional prizes will include – Signed 2017/2018 season team goodies, two London sightseeing tour tickets and two tickets to the London Eye, Tottenham Hotspur Training Centre visit and two Wembley Stadium Tour tickets and £100 Spurs Gift card to spend online or at official Wembley Stadium Shops and kiosks both inside and outside the Stadium.7.	The winner and their guest will need to be available to travel in either September or October 2017 depending on Tottenham Hotspur fixtures.8.	The winner and their guest will need to have valid passports.9.	The winner must organise their own travel insurance.10.	No cash alternative will be offered.11.	Only one entry per person is permitted.12.	The closing date for entries is Monday 31 July 2017. The winner will be the first entry drawn at random and will be notified by email/telephone on Tuesday 1 August 2017.13.	The draw is not open to employees of Tottenham Hotspur Football Club, their subsidiaries, families, agents, or their affiliates.14.	Any queries and comments should be directed to Tottenham Hotspur Football Club in writing to: Tottenham Hotspur Football & Athletic Co Ltd, Lilywhite House, 782 High Road, London, United Kingdom, N17 0BX.15.	The promoter accepts no responsibility for entries lost, damaged, delayed or unreadable and no such correspondence will be entered into.16.	The name and country of the prize winner will be posted on printed Tottenham Hotspur channels and online on Tottenham Hotspur's official website and social media channels. Interviews with the prize winner will be filmed by Spurs TV. 17.	The prize winner will be expected to have their photograph taken for press or promotional purposes.18.	Tottenham Hotspur Football Club reserves the right to substitute the prize for one of its choosing which has a value the same or greater than the original prize, in the event of circumstances outside of its control.  The prize is therefore subject to availability and change.19.	Entry into the draw will be deemed to constitute acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Tottenham Hotspur is fully committed to protecting your privacy and any personal information that you provide to us when using our website at http://www.tottenhamhotspur.com (the “Site”), including our online shop at http://shop.tottenhamhotspur.com (the “Shop”).
This Privacy Policy outlines how we use the personal information that we collect and is devised to help you feel more confident about the privacy and security of your personal details. The Privacy Policy also gives you information about how we use cookies.
In this Privacy Policy, we use the term “Tottenham Hotspur” (and “we”, “us” and “our”) to refer to Tottenham Hotspur plc, Tottenham Hotspur Football & Athletic Co. Limited and/or Tottenham Hotspur Foundation. Full details about Tottenham Hotspur plc, Tottenham Hotspur Football & Athletic Co. Limited and Tottenham Hotspur Foundation are provided in the section “Legal notice” below.
Legal notice
When collecting and using your personal information, Tottenham Hotspur will process it only in strict compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and associated legislation.
We are registered as a data controller in the United Kingdom under the Data Protection Act 1998 and our registration numbers are Z7035828 for Tottenham Hotspur plc, Z7256683 for Tottenham Hotspur Football and Athletic Co Ltd and Z1034030 for Tottenham Hotspur Foundation. Our Registered Office address is Bill Nicholson Way, 748 High Road, Tottenham, London, N17 0AP. The English company registration numbers are 1706358, 57186 and 5760570 respectively . Tottenham Hotspur Foundation is a UK registered charity with number 113725.
Cookies
Our Site, New Stadium site and Shop uses cookies to collect certain information about our website visitors automatically. Cookies are small text files that store basic information that a website can use to track on-line traffic flows, recognise repeat site visits and record information about your on-line preferences. They often include an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from our Site and/or Shop, which is then stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not attach to your system and damage your files but observe user behaviour and compile aggregate data that we then use in order to improve the Site and the Shop. We also use cookies to measure the effectiveness of advertising.
There are two broad categories of cookies – ‘first party cookies’ and ‘third party cookies’. First party cookies are cookies that are served directly by the website operator to your computer, and are used only by the website operator to recognise your computer when it revisits that site. Third party cookies are served by a service provider on behalf of the website operator, and can be used by the service provider to recognise your computer when it visits other websites. Third party cookies are most commonly used for website analytics or advertising purposes.
Collection of personal information
To access certain areas of the Site and the Shop, you will need to register with us. During the registration process you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (e.g. name and email address). By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable Tottenham Hotspur and/or our sponsors to provide you with the services you select. When you provide such personal information, you accept that we may retain your personal information and that it may be held by us or any third party that processes it on our behalf for the purposes of providing the information, goods or services which you have requested. Any third parties who process personal information on our behalf are required to maintain the confidentiality and privacy of the personal information that they process for us.
In addition, we may also collect personal information from you when you correspond with us (for example, when you send us e-mail communications or send letters to us). We also collect certain information automatically about visitors to our Site and Shop, as described in the section headed “Cookies” below. 



Cookie type
Name
Website used
Purpose
More Information


Memory cookie (a first party cookie)
PHPSESSIDSUB00001_SBASKETServerID
Spurs Shop, Soccer schools
This cookie allows you to use our Site and Shop in a way that makes your browsing experience more convenient, for example, by allowing you to store items in an electronic shopping basket between visits. If you register with us, we will use cookies to remember your details during your current visit, and any future visits provided the cookie was not deleted between visits.



Google Analytics (a third party cookie)
•   _utma•   _utmb•   _utmc•   _utmz• _pk_id..23f9• _pk_ses..23f9
Spurs Shop
These cookies are set by Google, Inc. and are used to collect information about how visitors use our Site and Shop. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve the Site and Shop. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the Site and Shop, where visitors have come to the Site and Shop from and the pages they visited.
View an overview of privacy at Google and how this applies to Google Analytics 


Optimost Testing Cookie (Online Testing Cookie)
Cookies Starting With - op674
Spurs Shop
These cookies are used to test different layouts of pages to enhance your experience on the website.



Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
 
Spurs websites
Includes data on your users' demographics (age, gender) and interests (affinity categories, other categories)
Anonymised data used to look at trending. Google gives users the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google AnalyticsFor more information on Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features, click here


Google Remarketing Cookie (third party cookie)

 Spurs Shop and spurs website
Webgains Affiliates - We sometimes advertise on third party websites and these cookies give us information on how you found our website and which website you came from. This helps us identify which websites are sending us the best traffic and we reward them based on this.



Memory cookie (a first party cookie)

Spurs Shop and spurs website
Google Remarketing Cookie -  On some of our pages online we place tags to see what you are viewing. Using this information we use this in our online marketing to help make sure that the ads you see around the web are relevant to what you have been viewing and are interested in.



Memory cookie (a first party cookie)
sf_sso
Soccer Schools
Currently in place to retain the signed in status for soccer school site only.



 
 
 
 
 


Session cookie
 UIC
Spurs TV
shows that a user is logged in and contains no identifying information
 


Memory cookie (a first party cookie)
TBC
Tottenhamhotspur.com
Retains members being signed into Tottenhamhotspur.com only for 30 days



Session cookie
SIC
Spurs TV
shows that a user is logged in and contains no identifying information for SSL domains



Session cookie
uv_******
Spurs TV
Tracks the users recommended bit rate and also the
recommended settings i.e Captions
 


Memory cookie (a first party cookie)
USER
Spurs TV
contains information: user name, email, login name, subscription status.



Session cookie
cq-sync-tottenhamhotspur
eticketing
created on landing on the site. 



Session cookie
tottenhamhotspur 
eticketing
created when logged in or basket created



Google Analytics (a third party cookie)
•   _utma•   _utmb•   _utmc•   _utmz
eticketing

•  __utma - Google Analytics tracking cookie, expires immediately•  __utmb - Google Analytics tracking cookie, expires in 30minutes•   __utmc - Google Analytics tracking cookie, session cookie, expires at end of session•   __utmz - Google Analytics tracking cookie, expires in 6 months, 12 hours and 30minutes


Session Cookie
•    JSESSIONID•    TESTCOOKIE•    cy_track_user•    new_id•    other•    trx_id
eticketing
For electronic transactions
•  JSESSIONID - secure.barclaycard.co.uk - 3rd party, used for payment•    TESTCOOKIE - secure.barclaycard.co.uk - 3rd party, used for payment•    cy_track_user - secure.barclaycard.co.uk - 3rd party, used for payment, expires 2079•    new_id - secure.barclaycard.co.uk - 3rd party, used for payment•    other - secure.barclaycard.co.uk - 3rd party, used for payment•    trx_id - secure.barclaycard.co.uk - 3rd party, used for payment


Session cookie
•    uid•    uvc•    uit•    psc •    pid
eticketing 
For bookmarking
•    uid - addthis.com, bookmark and share cookies from addthis, facebook, twitter etc.•    uvc - addthis.com, bookmark and share cookies from addthis, facebook, twitter etc.•    uit - addthis.com, bookmark and share cookies from addthis, facebook, twitter etc.•    psc - addthis.com, bookmark and share cookies from addthis, facebook, twitter etc.•    pid - addthis.com, bookmark and share cookies from addthis, facebook, twitter etc.


Session Cookie
_atuvc
main website
For bookmarking via social 
AddThis: The __atuvc cookie is created and read by the AddThis social sharing site JavaScript on the client side in order to make sure the user sees the updated count if they share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated. No data from that cookie is sent back to AddThis and removing it when disabling cookies would cause unexpected behaviour for users.


Session cookie
EkAnalyticsEktGUID
main website
 
CMS Analytics - not usedUnique session identifier
 


session cookie
thcfnthcidthcnthmnthsthtypevmb
main website
 Membership Login cookies
 


session cookie
Session_id
spurs tv video player (Invideous player)
 
retains users login details for monthly subscription player



All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet ExplorerCookie settings in FirefoxCookie settings in ChromeCookie settings in Safari
We do not recommend turning cookies off when visiting tottenhamhotspur.com, as this will prevent you from signing in, and using many of the services on the site.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout   
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies and to set your own cookie preferences on your computer. These preferences can be to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. However, by opting not to receive cookies at any time, certain features of the Site and Shop cannot be provided and so accordingly you may not be able to enjoy the Site and Shop to their fullest. All web browsers are different and to learn how to change your cookie preferences, check the "Help" menu of your browser.
For further information about cookies and how to control their use, please visit the following third party educational resources:www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Our use of personal information
We use the personal information we collect from you for the following purposes:
• To provide you with the information, goods or services that you have requested from us (including when you purchase items through the Shop and/or in relation to courses for which you have enrolled with the Tottenham Hotspur Foundation);• To respond to your correspondence, so that we can reply to your enquiries and requests in an efficient and effective manner;• To enable you to register with the Site and the Shop, and to administer records about your account with Tottenham Hotspur;• To send you newsletters and information about products, services and promotions relating to Tottenham Hotspur, its sponsors and/or other third party partners, in accordance with your communication preferences; and• To understand the interests of our Site and Shop visitors, so that we can continuously improve our Site and Shop offering.
We may also generate, use and disclose aggregated and/or anonymised information and statistics about our Site and Shop visitors for marketing and strategic purposes. However, no visitor will be individually identifiable from these aggregated and/or anonymised information and statistics.
Newsletters and marketing
Tottenham Hotspur, our sponsors and/or other third party partners, may use your personal information to contact you with information about products, services and promotions that we or they think may interest you. We will only do this, however, in accordance with your expressed marketing preferences (for example the marketing preferences you expressed during the registration process).
If at any time after registering, you would like to change your preferences and subscribe to, or unsubscribe from, any newsletters or direct marketing, you can do so by changing your preferences in the My Account page (at http://shop.tottenhamhotspur.com/myprofile.php) or by contacting us through the contact details listed below.
Updates and your rights
If you would like to update your records, please log-in to the Site and/or Shop and update your personal profile through the My Account facility (at http://shop.tottenhamhotspur.com/myprofile.php).
You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information that we hold about you in our records, to correct any inaccuracies and to update any out-of-date information. Please write to us at the address listed below should you wish to do so.
Please note that we are entitled to charge a small fee (currently £10) for providing you with copies of personal information we may hold about you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this Privacy Policy. When we do so we will publish the changes on the Site. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use the Site. If material changes are made to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the Site. Any queries or comments about this Privacy Policy should be sent to us using the contact details listed below.
Security
Security is very important to us. Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") encryption technology is used for protection of information in transit for any sensitive transactions such as payments. Additional security procedures are in place to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your personal information. Your personal information will not be kept longer than is necessary for the purposes stated when you registered or in this Privacy Policy.
To enhance the security of our Shop we currently use 'Verified by Visa' and 'MasterCard SecureCode' as a part of the payment process when you place an order through the Shop.
Verified by Visa' and 'MasterCard SecureCode' are schemes that have been introduced by card issuers to help tackle online fraud. These schemes are known as '3d Secure' and Tottenham Hotspur, like many other retailers, are committed to fraud prevention. By participating in either scheme, your online shopping experience will be more secure. For further details on Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode please click here.
To further protect your credit, debit or charge card against use without your consent, we may validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases . In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Internet-based transfers
Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal information may involve the transmission of personal information on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing the Site and the Shop and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge our processing of personal information in this way. However, we will endeavour to protect all personal information collected through the Site and the Shop in accordance with strict data protection standards.
Other websites
Our Site and Shop may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.Contact details
If you need to contact us regarding our Privacy Policy or any other related issue please write to:
Data Protection Officer
Tottenham Hotspur Football Club
Lilywhite House
782 High Road
London
N17 0BX
or email: personaldata@tottenhamhotspur.com




