Privacy Policy
Date of Last Revision: April 19, 2019
Privacy Statement
Protecting your privacy is one of Segway Inc.'s ("Segway") top priorities. This statement discloses the information practices for Segway's web sites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared. By visiting www.segway.com and its respective subdomains, collectively "the Site," you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as modified from time to time by us.
Personal Information We Collect:
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically collected information as “Device Information”.

Registration, Interactive Forms, and User Contentwww.segway.com: A user may wish to register on www.segway.com to receive informational and promotional email materials such as newsletters, product release announcements and participate in surveys. Users may also use a form to submit feedback to our site or to contact us.  For ordinary users, only a name and email address is requested for these interactions. For business users, we also request additional information about the business, including the company name, address, and phone number. All such contacts and registrations are voluntary on the part of the user; therefore, the user has a choice as to whether or not to disclose this information.


Customer RequestIf you request something from Segway, such as service, a callback, specific marketing materials, or feedback, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share relevant information with others such as shipping carriers, product orientation providers, and marketing advisors. We may also contact you as a part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes. 
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information”. 
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.


CookiesA “cookie” is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a web site's computer and stored on your computer's hard drive. Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser, if your browser's preferences allow it, but to protect your privacy, your browser only permits a web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies stored on your computer by other sites.  Segway uses cookies to store your user ID on your computer, allowing use of interactive areas on our Site. The cookie is placed on your computer only when you log into interactive sections of our Site and is removed once you have closed your web browser.  You can configure your web browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the Help menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences). You may reject all cookies sent to you without experiencing any loss of web site functionality.

How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:

Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk of fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.

We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Additionally, we may use your Personal Information to communicate with you about new products, special offers, marketing or promotion, or other information which we think you may find interesting.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Segway does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated entities except: (i) as provided in this policy; (ii) to provide services you have requested when we have your permission; or (iii) under the following circumstances: 

To comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warranty, court order, legal process or other lawful request for information we receive, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, or to otherwise protect our rights.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the site's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of Segway under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Segway communicate with you about offers and marketing. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We transfer information about you if Segway is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Segway will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Behavioral Advertising/Updating Personal Information
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:
- Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
- Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
- Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Security
Segway takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users' information both online and off-line. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. 
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Links and Business Relationships
The Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Segway is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Site.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
www.segway.com: If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your postal code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us.
Choice/Opt-in
Our users are given the opportunity to opt-in to having their information used for purposes not directly related to our Site (such as receiving our occasional e-mail newsletter) on the Site's registration pages.
Users of www.segway.com who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials (such as information on products, services, special deals) may stop receiving these communications by emailing us at [email protected]
Additionally, if you are a European resident, we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Children
www.segway.com is a general audience site that is not designed nor intended to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. To respect the privacy of children and to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), children under the age of 13 should not provide any personal information on this site. We ask that parents supervise their children while online.
Notification of Changes
Segway reserves the right to update and change this Privacy Policy at our discretion. If we do this, we will post the new Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the date the policy was last revised. You should review this Privacy Policy for any changes each time you visit www.segway.com. If you feel that Segway is not abiding by this Privacy Statement, you should first contact Segway by sending an email to [email protected].
 
