
In compliance with Law 15/1999, of December 13, Protection of Personal Data, we inform you that personal data supplied by you through the portal will be treated confidentially and will become part of a file owned Forvo Media SL. Your personal data will be used solely for the provision of services offered on the platform as well as for sending information that the User may request.
We also inform you that you can exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition under the provisions of Law 15/1999, of December 13, Protection of Personal Data to: (Camino de Astigarraga 2, ground 2 office 4 20180, Oiartzun)
In no circumstances will the owners of Forvo sell, rent or make available to third parties personal data provided by users of the portal.
The User guarantees that the personal data provided is truthful and he/she is responsible for communicating any changes to this data. The User shall be solely responsible for any damage, direct or indirect, that could occur to the site owner or any third party due to the completion of forms with false, inaccurate, incomplete or outdated data.
The User expressly consents to the transmission of personal data, particularly the author's name and his/her voice expressed in the different pronunciations, as well as its publication, dissemination and treatment.
The site owners have taken the necessary measures to prevent alteration, loss, or unauthorized access to personal data, taking into account the current state of technology, however, the user must be aware that Internet security measures are not impregnable.
Completion of the forms included on the website implies the user's express consent to the inclusion of their personal data in the computer files of the site owners.
In the event that personal data concerning different individuals than those completing the forms must be included, these individuals must be informed of the contents in the preceding paragraphs  prior to their inclusion.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., a Delaware company whose main office is at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, USA ( "Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information on Forvo's behalf in order to track your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties when so required by law or where such third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can  refuse treatment of the data or information by rejecting the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, you should know that by doing so you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes described above.



More about licenses
Recording & media files
You can read our license.


