Tourism and Events Queensland uses cookies and session tools to improve your experience when visiting its sites. The information collected may include your IP address, the referring site and the pages visited on Tourism and Events Queensland’s site. IP addresses are logged to track a user's session while the user remains anonymous. Tourism and Events Queensland analyses this data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of Tourism and Events Queensland websites users are visiting and how long they spend there. Tourism and Events Queensland does not link your IP addresses to anything that identifies you.
We want to make our websites easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally. 
Tourism and Events Queensland uses cookies to track aspects of your visit, to aid us in delivering personalised webpage content and navigation to facilitate the best possible user experience.  TEQ also uses the cookies data to recognise you as a previous visitor to conveniently load relevant and saved information. 

Google Analytics cookies on our site gather anonymous data such as geographic location, the method you used to reach this site, the length of your visit, the time of your visit, the pages that you visit and the keywords used to search while on the site.  If you don’t wish us to capture this information on your visit you can 

Double Click for Publishers (DFP) is used to track where any ad placements are on our site, and how many times these have been viewed or clicked on by visitors.  If you don’t wish us to capture this information on your visit you can 

Advertising cookies are used across the internet to deliver advertising that is more relevant to your interests. We place advertising cookies on our site that allow us and our partners to serve you relevant advertising content.
Tourism and Events Queensland uses cookies to track aspects of your visit, to aid us in delivering personalised webpage content and navigation to facilitate the best possible user experience. TEQ also uses the cookies data to recognise you as a previous visitor to conveniently load relevant and saved information.Google Analytics cookies on our site gather anonymous data such as geographic location, the method you used to reach this site, the length of your visit, the time of your visit, the pages that you visit and the keywords used to search while on the site. If you don’t wish us to capture this information on your visit you can opt-out here.Double Click for Publishers (DFP) is used to track where any ad placements are on our site, and how many times these have been viewed or clicked on by visitors. If you don’t wish us to capture this information on your visit you can opt-out here.Advertising cookies are used across the internet to deliver advertising that is more relevant to your interests. We place advertising cookies on our site that allow us and our partners to serve you relevant advertising content.