Privacy PolicyFreeparking knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your expectation that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting our Web site or by otherwise interacting with Freeparking, you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice.What Information Does Freeparking Collect?Here are the types of information we gather from visitors to Freeparking:Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way, such as by telephone or by electronic mail. For example, we are required by respective domain name Registries, (the organizations which assume responsibility for domain name allocation) to collect information about you during the domain name registration process. This information includes your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and where provided, your facsimile number. We also collect certain financial information from you during the domain name registration process. Namely, when you apply to register a domain name through Freeparking, we require you to provide a credit card number and billing address before we will process that application.Automatic Information: Freeparking does use "cookies." Cookies receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, our servers track the type of Web browser you are using, and the page to which you link from Freeparking. We collect this information to offer better service to our customers and not to track your individual usage patterns.Remarketing Freeparking also uses third-party vendor remarketing tracking cookies, including the Google AdWords tracking cookie. We also use Google Analytics Advertising features. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Display Network (GDN). As always, we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other third-party remarketing system. The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER. The cookie is used to identify traffic sources and on-site behaviour to allows us to make special offers and continue to market our products and services to those who have shown interest in our products and services. Remarketing – Opt-out options You can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use, including through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (for example, the NAI's consumer opt-out). You can also use Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ Does Freeparking Share the Information It Receives?Respective domain name Registries require Freeparking to make your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and, where provided, your facsimile number, as well as the creation and expiration dates of your domain name registration and the nameserver information associated with your domain name, to the public via an interactive Web page and a "port 43" WHOIS service. For the purposes of this Privacy Notice we will refer to this information as your "WHOIS Information." Please note that we may not be able to control how members of the public may use the WHOIS Information.Except as set out in this Privacy Notice, you will receive notice when personal information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share that information. We share personal information as described below:Agents: We may engage other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include processing credit card payments, providing marketing assistance, providing customer services, sending postal mail and email to you, removing repetitive information from customer lists, and analyzing data. These persons have access to personal information needed to perform their functions.Service Providers: We may engage other companies and individuals to perform enhanced services on our behalf. For example, free electronic mail services to our domain name registrants.Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or their assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, if Freeparking, or all or substantially all of its assets were ever to be acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.Protection of Freeparking and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Services Agreement and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Freeparking, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Call RecordingWe record all telephone calls answered in our contact centre. This helps us to identify ways that we can provide you with a better service. We record calls for the following purposes:for staff training, to improve our customer service and to ensure the information we provide to you is consistent and accuratefor reporting on the different types of enquiries we receiveto keep a record of your call, which may be needed to support any transactions that take place over the phone and/or if there is a dispute.You can ask for access to the recording of your call by writing to us at Freeparking, Level 2 2 Devon Street East, New Plymouth.  You will need to clearly identify who you are and your contact details, and provide us the exact details of the date and time of your call, and the phone number you called from.  Phone call recordings are stored securely for up to ten years and then destroyed.Electronic MailFrom time to time, Freeparking may use your personal information to contact you by electronic mail concerning your use of our services. These communications are intended to inform you of important information regarding your account, or about general services provided by Freeparking. If you do not want to receive email from us regarding service updates, please click the "unsubscribe link" at the bottom of any email you receive from Freeparking. We will, however, continue to send you email regarding your account administration and necessary information, such as renewal information.How Secure Is Information About Me?We use the Flo2Cash online payment gateway to process credit card transactions. All credit card information is encrypted during transmission, and credit card details are not stored on Internet facing servers. You can further help to ensure your security by taking a few simple precautions. For instance, it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your Freeparking username and password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.What Information Can I Access?Freeparking gives you access to certain information about you for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. To view or change this information, log in to My Account.When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.Sites Other Than FreeparkingAlthough Freeparking is committed to protecting your privacy, not all other websites are as conscientious. Therefore, Freeparking cannot be responsible for the content or privacy policies of other webites including those of advertisers to which it may link and those which link to Freeparking. This Privacy Notice applies only to the information collected by this website. We ask that you review the privacy policies of every online service you use before submitting personal information.Conditions of Use, Notices, and RevisionsIf you choose to visit Freeparking, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Services Agreement, including limitations on damages, and application of the law of New Zealand. If you have any concern about privacy at Freeparking, please click here to contact Customer Support and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Services Agreement will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes.