

Introduction
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy“) applies to information collected by Arkadium, Inc., (“Arkadium”) though our arena gaming platform (the “Service“) and the various sites on which such Services are provided, whether located on a wholly-owned website or on a third-party publisher site (the “Sites”).  All of the applicable Sites will have a link to this Privacy Policy when you click on “privacy statement,” “privacy policy,” “privacy” (or similar phrasing) in the website footer.
As used herein, the words “user,” “you” and “your” mean users of a Service and the words “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean Arkadium.  If you access the Company’s games through a third-party website, you may be required to also read and accept the third-party’s terms of service and privacy policy.
We are committed to protecting your information.  We have established a comprehensive privacy program, including appointment of a Data Privacy Officer, designed to help us respect and protect your data privacy rights.  This Privacy Policy explains what information we may collect through the Service, how such information may be used and/or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may access and control its use.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, because when you access or use the Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to this Privacy Policy, including the manner in which we use your personal information.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, or to any changes we may subsequently make to the Privacy Policy, you must immediately stop using the service.
QUICK GUIDE TO CONTENTS
INTERNATIONAL USERS – CONSENT TO PROCESSING AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
The Service is operated and based in the United States, with our servers and offices headquartered in the United States. Please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Service may be processed and transferred to, and be subject to the laws of, the United States. The privacy and data protection laws in the United States may not be equivalent to privacy and data protection laws in your country of residence. By using the Service, or by providing us with any information about your preferences or about you, including information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number or home address you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of any and all such information to and within the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.  For more information on safeguards relating to international transfers, see HOW WE TRANSFER INFORMATION WE COLLECT INTERNATIONALLY
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information You Provide to Us
In connection with the Service, the Company may collect information that can identify you, including, but not limited to your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other similar information that you provide the Company (“Personal Information”) when it is voluntarily submitted to us, including when you log on directly, or using a social network or other third-party log-in.
Information We Collect Automatically
Whenever you visit or interact with the Service, Arkadium, as well as any third-party vendors and/or service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Information“). Usage Information may include, in part, browser type, operating system, device type, an estimate of your geographic location associated with your IP address, the location of your mobile device, the page served, the time, referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests. This statistical data provides us with information about the use of the Service, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on which the Service is installed, how long they stay on that page, the type of content on that page, which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on and how they generally engage with that page.  Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if Arkadium associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person, Arkadium treats it as Personal Information.
IP Addresses and Device Identifiers
We also automatically collect the internet protocol (“IP“) address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier“) for each computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, “Device“) you use to access the Service. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify each Device by its Device Identifier.  An IP Address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet. Generally, an IP address changes each time you connect to the Internet (it is a “dynamic” address). Note, however, that if you have a broadband connection, depending on your individual circumstance, it is possible that your IP Address that we collect, or even perhaps a cookie we use, may contain information that could be deemed identifiable. This is because with some broadband connections your IP Address doesn’t change (it is “static”) and could be associated with your personal computer. We use your IP address to report aggregate information on use and to help improve the website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small string of data sent by the Service that is stored in your Device and provided back to the Service each time you interact with the Service. Cookies do not convey Personal Information about you; they provide anonymous information to us regarding how you use the Service. We may use session cookies, which are temporary cookies that disappear after you close your browser and/or persistent cookies, which remain on your hard drive after you close your browser and are reloaded when you open a new browser session. In general, cookies can make it so that you do not need to log-in again to the Service once you have already done so, they help us and our partners better understand users’ interests in order to make improvements, they allow us to show you specific content recommendations that we think will be of particular interest to you, and they can make the Service load faster and more enjoyable to use.
You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. However, disabling cookies may make certain features unavailable or not function optimally, and we may not be able to tailor our recommendations as well as we would be able to if you had not blocked the cookies.
Log Files
As is true of most web sites, we and our third-party tracking-utility partners gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Sites and Service, to track users’ movements around the Sites and Service and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Web Beacon / Pixel tags
A Web Beacon, also called a single-pixel (1×1), clear GIF, or pixel tag, is a transparent image embedded in a webpage or HTML-based e-mail that allows us to collect web log information. Web log information is gathered when you visit one of our websites by the computer that hosts our website (called a “webserver”).  We may also include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages in order to determine whether messages have been opened.  This information may include the time and date of a page view, the webpage where the beacon is placed, the pages you visited, the website you came from, the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows 7), and the domain name and address of your Internet service provider (e.g., AOL).  No Personal Information is detected by web beacons, but they can help us track online usage patterns of our users and gauge the effectiveness of our activities anonymously by, among other things, enabling us to see whether particular webpages are viewed or e-mails are opened by recipients.  While you may not decline web beacons, you may render some web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies. However, if you disable the cookies associated with a beacon, some services may not function properly.
Third-Party Analytics
We use third-party analytics services to analyze various data.  We currently use Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States.  Google Analytics does not identify users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.  You can find out more about the information Google collects, and controlling the information collected by Google at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.  You can find more about the cookies used by Google at https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.
We also use Microsoft Application Insights.  Application Insights places a cookie in the browser of the visitor of the web pages which allows for an analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website is usually transferred to a server of Microsoft in the US and stored there.  This information may include your activity on the site, as well as your operating system, browser, screen resolution, approximate location, and IP address.  On our behalf as a website operator, Microsoft will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other information on website usage and internet related services to us as a website operator.   All this information is anonymous statistical data and referencing these to a person is not possible. The evaluations serve only for troubleshooting and optimization of the website and the application.  Further information from Microsoft about privacy can be found at: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Privacy/default.aspx
Other Technologies
We may also use other kinds of local storage, such as “flash cookies,” authentication tokens, and HTML5 local storage. Like cookies, these technologies are stored on your computer, albeit in different parts of your device, and perform similar functions. They can also be used to store certain information about your preferences. Your Internet browser may allow you to disable HTML5 or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage by changing your browser setting.  Please note that disabling these technologies may interfere with the performance and features of the Service.
Information From Third Parties
In order to enhance our content recommendations to you, we may engage third-party services that may provide certain Personal Information and Usage Information that we may match with information that we have collected.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Arkadium uses the information we collect about and from you for a variety of business purposes.  Generally, the information we collect about you, your interests, and your activities helps us to improve the Service and deliver a better and more personalized service to you by enabling us to customize the Service according to your individual interests, estimate our audience size and usage patterns and speed up your searches.  For example, we may use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways:

to create your account and post your scores on the leaderboard;
to respond to requests you may make of us; including requests regarding technical support or other inquiries;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, resolve disputes, and enforce our Terms of Service;
to solicit input and feedback to improve the Company’s products and services and customize your user experience;
We may also send promotional e-mail messages (“Promotional Communications”) directly or in partnership with parties other than the Company;  to communicate about new and current games; and to inform users about new products; and
Usage Information may be included in databases owned and maintained by the Company or its agents. The Company retains all rights to these databases and the information contained in them.  For example, anonymized Usage Information is used to better understand users’ needs, how we can improve our websites, products and services, to analyze trends and user traffic and gather statistical information, and to administer games and improve game play.

HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION 
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy or in the applicable Additional Privacy Terms, we will not provide any of your Personal Information to any third parties without your specific consent. We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information and Usage Information with third parties.   We may remove data elements, such as an e-mail address, or other Personal Information as previously defined, and summarize or aggregate the remaining information in order to analyze web traffic trends, preferences and activity across the Service. The resulting operational data is no longer considered Personal Information.
We may combine your Usage Information with those of other users of the Service in order to share trend information with third parties, always in aggregated and anonymized form. For example, we may use your Usage Information as part of an aggregated number to tell a prospective partner how many people in the Arkadium network visit sports web sites each month.
We may also share your information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, and in the following circumstances:
Services On Our Behalf
In order to carry out your requests, to make various features, services and materials available to you through the Service, to analyze and understand how our Service is performing, and to respond to your inquiries, in certain instances we may share your Usage Information or Personal Information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our partners).  These third parties include companies or individuals to assist us in the day-to-day operations of our services, send e-mails on our behalf, to host or operate the Service, to analyze data or provide customer service.  These agents, contractors or partners are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for the Company, or services for the collaboration in which they and the Company are engaged (for example, some of our products are developed and marketed through joint agreements with other companies).  These parties may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including Usage Information.  We enter into agreements with all third parties who process Personal Information on our behalf to ensure that they do so in accordance with our instructions and applicable data protection laws.
Business Transfers or Financing
We may use, share and transfer Personal Information and Usage Information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of the Service as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding), or purchase of another entity, involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control, or in connection with the contemplated or actual financing, insuring, sale, assignment or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets, including for the purposes of determining whether to proceed or continue with such transaction or business relationship or fulfilling any records or other reporting requirements to such parties.  Your Personal Information, Usage Information any other information that we have collected about the users of the Service may also be shared with our subsidiaries or corporate affiliates for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes.
Legal Disclosure
Arkadium may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information and Device Identifier, to third parties to comply with certain legal obligations when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; which may include, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify, enforce or applicable terms or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of Arkadium, our customers or others. This may also include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
CHILDREN
The Service is not directed to children under 13 years of age.  Additionally, if you are under 16, do not log in or provide any personal information on the Service or on or through any of its features or register on the Service or otherwise provide any information about yourself to us.  We are not responsible for independently verifying the age of users. Should you, as a user’s parent or legal guardian, become aware that a user who is under the age of 16 has provided us with Personal Information, please notify us immediately by e-mail at click here to see hidden email or by mail at Arkadium, Inc., 40 West 25th St, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010.
HOW WE STORE, SECURE, RETAIN AND DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
Arkadium takes reasonable administrative and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your Personal Information from accidental loss or unauthorized access, disclosure, or use. This may include using technologies such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and may include one or more firewalls designed to block access from outside our network. Some of these protections may only be available to the extent that you are using an up to date and supported browser.  Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers in any country where we do business. Although Arkadium strives to protect your Personal Information and privacy, no security method or firewall can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error, and we therefore expressly disclaim responsibility and/or liability for the loss, theft, destruction or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Information. In the unfortunate event that your Personal Information is compromised, we may notify you by e-mail at the last e-mail address you have provided to us, in a reasonable time under the circumstances and as required under law. Delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system, as well as at the legitimate request of law enforcement should it be determined that such notification would impede a government investigation.
In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain Personal Information or Usage Information. We are under no obligation to store such Personal Information or Usage Information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such Personal Information or Usage Information. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.  Arkadium may also retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain features of the Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
HOW TO ACCESS AND CONTROL YOUR INFORMATION
You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations. We will respond to requests about this within a reasonable timeframe.
Access, Restrict or Delete Your Information:
You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a structured, electronic format. Below, we describe the tools and processes for making these requests. You can edit your name used for the leaderboard by logging into the Service and using settings available within the Service.  For all other requests, you may contact us by emailing click here to see hidden email to request assistance.
You may ask us to delete, stop accessing, storing, using and otherwise processing your information. This may include if you believe an account was created for you without your permission, or you are no longer an active user. Where you gave us consent to use your information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place at the time. When you make such requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request. If there is a delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue using your information, we will restrict any further use of your information until the request is honored or the dispute is resolved. If you object to information about you being shared with a third-party app, please disable the app.   Please note that we may also need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.  With regard to any of the foregoing requests, please contact click here to see hidden email.
Your request and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. Where you have asked us to share data with third parties, you will need to contact those third-party service providers directly to have your information deleted or otherwise restricted. If you have unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were infringed.
Opt Out of Communications:
You always have the choice to stop receiving Promotional Communications. When you receive Promotional Communications from us you will have the opportunity to “opt out” by (i) following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the Promotional Communication you receive or (ii) by editing your preferences. Please note that despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may still send you administrative messages regarding the Company games, including, for example, administrative confirmations, and notices of updates to our policies.
HOW WE TRANSFER INFORMATION WE COLLECT INTERNATIONALLY
International transfers of information we collect
We collect information globally and primarily store that information in the United States. We transfer, process and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we, our publishing partners (on whose websites our Service may appear) or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.

International transfers within Arkadium: To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information to the United States and allow access to that information from countries in which Arkadium has operations for the purposes described in this policy. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the laws of many of the countries where our customers and users are based. When we share information about you within our company, including to our subsidiaries, we make use of standard contractual data protection agreements.
International transfers to third parties: Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share information of customers in the European Economic Area, we make use of contractual data protection clauses, binding corporate rules for transfers to data processors, or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer.

OTHER IMPORTANT PRIVACY AND DATA INFORMATION
E.U. – U.S. Privacy Shield
Arkadium Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.  Arkadium Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are responsible for the processing of information about you we receive from the EU and Switzerland and onward transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for such onward transfers and remain liable in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that we engage to process such information about you on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Arkadium Inc. commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Arkadium Inc. at:
click here to see hidden email
Dispute Resolution
Within the scope of this privacy notice, if a privacy complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through Arkadium Inc.’s internal processes, Arkadium Inc has agreed to participate in the VeraSafe Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Procedure. Subject to the terms of the VeraSafe Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Procedure, VeraSafe will provide appropriate recourse free of charge to you. To file a complaint with VeraSafe under the Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Procedure, please submit the required information to VeraSafe here:  https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website at https://www.privacyshield.gov/, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Third Parties and Other Sites
The Service may also contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate.  We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other web sites may send their own cookies to your Device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies.  The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to those sites.  We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy, security, data collection, and distribution policies.
Advertisements
When interacting with the Service, if you click on a link to an advertisement, the advertiser may place a cookie on your Device as well, in which case you will be subject to their privacy policy.  Once a cookie is placed by such third parties, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Third parties also place cookies on your Device to engage in interest-based advertising and display advertisements tailored to end users’ preferences. These third party technologies are not covered by our Privacy Policy; please consult the privacy policy of each third party for details. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your Device, you can block cookies from your web browser.
You may be able to opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from other companies who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. For more information about this practice and to understand your options, please visit:
http://www.aboutads.info,
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Sweepstakes and Contests
From time to time the Company may offer users the ability to enter sweepstakes and contest. This may be done in connection with third party independent sponsors. The official rules of such sweepstakes and contest are subject to the rules provided therewith, including but not limited to the collection of any additional information which may not be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note, we may modify information presented via the Service and/or this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, we will place a prominent notice on the Sites prior to the change becoming effective and may require you to agree to the revised policy before continuing to use the Service. You should check back here periodically to see if the Privacy Policy has been updated.  Your continued use of the Service after the posting of revisions to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
This Privacy Policy, in effect as of the last modified date listed below, supersedes and replaces any and all Privacy Policies previously in effect.
California Residents
We do not disclose users Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes without the users’ consent. Therefore, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of third parties that received your personal information for marketing purposes.  In the event that this policy changes, we will provide notice to users, such as the posting of a revised Privacy Policy, and provide a reasonable mechanism for you to opt-out.
“Do Not Track” 
Do Not Track is a voluntary program among Internet advertisers that is intended to give users the ability to opt-out of behavioral targeting and advertising. There are a few ways in which your computer may send a “do not track” signal to certain websites and online services you visit.  Arkadium and many or all of its third party services that collect analytics do not currently honor Do Not Track settings.  If you do not agree with Arkadium’s policy not to honor Do Not Track, your only remedy is to immediately stop using the Service.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to click here to see hidden email or by mail to Arkadium, Inc., 40 West 25th St, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010, Attn: Data Privacy Officer, Legal Department.
Last Modified: 5/22/2018


ACCUEIL — POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ ET DE COOKIES
Politique de confidentialité et de cookies
Confidentialité des données avec Arkadium, Inc.
Introduction
Cette politique de confidentialité (« Politique de confidentialité ») s’applique aux données collectées par Arkadium, Inc., (« Arkadium ») via notre plateforme arène de jeux (le « Service ») et les divers sites depuis lesquels lesdits services sont fournis, qu’ils soient situés sur un site internet en propriété exclusive ou sur un site d’éditeur tiers (les « Sites »). Tous les Sites applicables disposeront d’un lien vers cette Politique de confidentialité en cliquant sur « déclaration de confidentialité », « politique de confidentialité », « confidentialité » (ou des formulations similaires) en bas de page du site internet.
Tels qu’ils sont utilisés dans les présentes, les mots « utilisateurs », « vous » et « votre/vos » signifient des utilisateurs d’un Service et les mots « l’Entreprise », « nous » et « notre/nos » signifient Arkadium. Si vous accédez aux jeux de l’entreprise via un site internet appartenant à un tiers, il pourra vous être demandé de lire et accepter les conditions d’utilisation et la politique de confidentialité de l’entreprise tierce en question.
Nous nous engageons à protéger vos données personnelles. Nous avons établi un programme de confidentialité exhaustif, qui inclut la nomination d’un Responsable des données privées, destiné à nous aider à respecter et protéger vos droits à la confidentialité des données. Cette Politique de confidentialité explique quelles données nous pouvons collecter à travers le Service, comment de telles données peuvent être utilisées et/ou partagées avec d’autres, comment nous les protégeons et comment vous pouvez y accéder et contrôler leur utilisation.
Veuillez lire attentivement cette Politique de confidentialité. En effet, lorsque vous accédez au Service ou l’utilisez, vous reconnaissez avoir compris et accepté cette Politique de confidentialité, y compris sur le plan de la façon dont nous utilisons vos données personnelles. Si vous n’acceptez pas cette Politique de confidentialité, ou tout changement que nous pourrions réaliser ultérieurement sur cette Politique de confidentialité, vous devez arrêter immédiatement d’utiliser le Service.
GUIDE RAPIDE DES CONTENUS
UTILISATEURS INTERNATIONAUX – CONSENTEMENT AU TRAITEMENT ET TRANSFERT DES INFORMATIONS
Le Service est exploité et basé aux États-Unis, les quartiers généraux de nos serveurs et nos bureaux se trouvent aux États-Unis. Veuillez noter que les données que vous nous fournissez ou que nous obtenons à la suite de votre utilisation du Service peuvent être traitées et transférées aux, et être sujettes aux lois en vigueur aux, États-Unis. Les lois de confidentialité et de protection des données aux États-Unis ne sont peut-être pas équivalentes aux lois de confidentialité et de protection des données dans votre pays de résidence. En utilisant le Service, ou en nous fournissant de quelconques données à propos de vos préférences ou à propos de vous, y compris des données qui pourraient raisonnablement être utilisées pour vous contacter ou vous identifier personnellement, comme votre nom, adresse email, numéro de téléphone ou adresse personnelle, vous consentez à la collection, au transfert, stockage et traitement de toutes lesdites données vers et au sein des États-Unis et d’autres territoires applicables dans lesquels la législation sur la confidentialité des données n’est peut-être pas aussi exhaustive ou équivalente à celle du pays où vous résidez et/ou êtes citoyen. Pour plus d’informations à propos des mesures de protection en rapport avec les transferts internationaux, veuillez consulter COMMENT NOUS TRANSFÉRONS LES DONNÉES QUE NOUS COLLECTONS INTERNATIONALEMENT
INFORMATIONS QUE NOUS COLLECTONS
Données que vous nous fournissez
En lien avec le Service, l’Entreprise peut collecter des données susceptibles de vous identifier, y compris, mais sans se limiter à, votre nom, adresse, numéro de téléphone, adresse email et d’autres données similaires que vous fournissez à l’Entreprise (« Données personnelles ») lorsqu’elles nous sont volontairement fournies, y compris lorsque vous vous connectez directement, ou en utilisant un réseau social ou via une connexion tierce.
Données que nous collectons automatiquement
À chaque fois que vous visitez ou interagissez avec le Service, Arkadium, ainsi que tout fournisseur tiers et/ou tout fournisseur de service, peuvent utiliser diverses technologies qui collectent automatiquement ou passivement des données sur la manière dont vous accédez au Service et la manière dont vous l’utilisez (« Données d’utilisation »). Les Données d’utilisation peuvent inclure, en partie, votre type de navigateur, système d’exploitation, type de dispositif, une estimation de votre position géographique associée avec votre adresse IP, l’emplacement de votre dispositif portable, la page accédée, le temps, les URL référencées et d’autres données normalement transmises via les requêtes HTTP. Ces données statistiques nous fournissent des données à propos de l’utilisation du Service, telles que combien de visiteurs visitent une page spécifique sur laquelle le Service est installé, quel temps ils passent sur cette page, le type de contenu de la page, sur quels liens hypertextes, s’il y en a, ils « cliquent » et comment ils interagissent en général avec cette page. Les Données d’utilisation sont généralement anonymes, mais si Arkadium les associe avec vous comme une personne spécifique et identifiable, Arkadium les traite comme des Données personnelles.
Adresses IP et identificateurs de dispositif
Nous collectons également automatiquement les adresses de protocole Internet (« IP ») ou un autre identificateur unique (« Identificateur de dispositif ») pour chaque ordinateur, dispositif portable, technologie ou autre appareil (collectivement, « Dispositif ») que vous utilisez pour accéder au Service. Un Identificateur de dispositif est un numéro qui est automatiquement assigné à votre Dispositif lorsque vous accédez sur un site web ou sur ses serveurs et nos ordinateurs identifient chaque Dispositif par son Identificateur de dispositif. Une adresse IP est un numéro assigné à votre ordinateur par votre fournisseur d’accès à Internet afin que vous puissiez accéder à Internet. Généralement, une adresse IP change à chaque fois que vous vous connectez sur Internet (c’est une adresse « dynamique »). Veuillez noter cependant que si vous disposez d’une connexion à haut débit, en fonction de votre situation individuelle, il est possible que votre adresse IP que nous collectons, ou même peut-être un cookie que nous utilisons, puissent contenir des données qui pourraient être considérées comme identifiables. Cela est dû au fait qu’avec certaines connexions à haut débit, votre adresse IP ne change pas (elle est « statique ») et pourrait être associée avec votre ordinateur personnel. Nous utilisons votre adresse IP pour recueillir des informations globales sur l’utilisation et pour aider à améliorer le site.
Cookies
Un cookie est un petit fichier de données, envoyé par le Service, qui est stocké sur votre Dispositif et renvoyé vers le Service à chaque fois que vous interagissez avec le Service. Les cookies ne transmettent pas de Données personnelles à votre sujet ; ils nous fournissent des données anonymes sur la façon dont vous utilisez le Service. Nous pouvons parfois utiliser des cookies de session, qui sont des cookies temporaires qui disparaissent une fois que vous fermez votre navigateur et/ou des cookies persistants, qui restent sur votre disque dur une fois que vous fermez votre navigateur et sont rechargés lorsque vous ouvrez une nouvelle session de navigateur. En général, les cookies peuvent vous permettre de ne pas devoir vous connecter à nouveau au Service une fois que vous l’avez déjà fait, ils nous aident nous et nos partenaires à mieux comprendre les centres d’intérêt des utilisateurs afin de réaliser des améliorations. Ils nous permettent de vous afficher des recommandations de contenu spécifiques que nous pensons être d’un intérêt particulier pour vous et ils aident à charger le Service plus rapidement et à le rendre plus agréable à l’utilisation.
Vous pouvez configurer votre navigateur Internet pour qu’il vous prévienne à chaque fois qu’un cookie est envoyé ou le paramétrer pour qu’il refuse catégoriquement les cookies. Cependant, désactiver les cookies peut rendre certaines fonctionnalités indisponibles ou les empêcher de fonctionner d’une manière optimale et nous n’aurons peut-être également pas la possibilité de personnaliser vos recommandations aussi bien que nous pourrions le faire si vous n’aviez pas bloqué les cookies.
Fichiers journaux
Comme pour la plupart des sites Internet, nous et nos partenaires tiers de suivi des données rassemblons certaines données automatiquement et les enregistrons dans un fichier journal. Ces données incluent les adresses IP, le type de navigateur, le fournisseur d’accès à Internet, les pages de renvoi/sortie, le système d’exploitation, l’horodatage et les données issues du parcours de navigation.
Nous utilisons ces données qui n’identifient pas d’utilisateurs individuels pour analyser les tendances, administrer les Sites et le Service, suivre les déplacements des utilisateurs autour des Sites et du Service et pour collecter des données démographiques à propos de notre base d’utilisateurs dans son intégralité.
Balise web/Pixels espions
Une balise web, également appelée un pixel unique (1×1), GIF transparent ou pixel espion est une image transparente, intégrée dans une page web ou un email de base HTML qui nous permet de collecter des données du journal de connexion. Les données du journal de connexion sont recueillies lorsque vous visitez l’un de nos sites Internet par l’ordinateur qui héberge notre site Internet (appelé un « serveur web »). Nous pouvons également inclure des balises web dans des messages email promotionnels afin de déterminer si les messages ont été ouverts ou pas. Ces données peuvent inclurent la date et l’heure de la consultation de la page, la page web où la balise est placée, les pages que vous avez visitées, le site Internet depuis lequel vous arrivez, le type de navigateur que vous utilisez (par ex : Internet Explorer) le type de système d’exploitation que vous utilisez (par ex : Windows 7) et le nom de domaine et adresse de votre fournisseur d’accès à Internet (par ex : AOL). Aucune information n’est détectée par les balises web, mais elles peuvent nous aider à surveiller les habitudes d’utilisation de nos utilisateurs et à évaluer l’efficacité de nos activités de manière anonyme en, parmi d’autres choses, nous permettant de voir quelles pages web en particulier sont consultées et quels emails sont ouverts par les destinataires. Même si vous ne pouvez pas décliner les balises web, vous pouvez rendre certaines balises inutilisables en rejetant les cookies qui leur sont associés. Cependant, si vous désactivez les cookies associés à une balise, certains services pourraient ne pas fonctionner correctement.
Modules d’analyse tiers
Nous utilisons des services d’analyse tiers pour analyser des données diverses. Nous utilisons actuellement Google Analytics, un service qui transmet les données de trafic des sites Internet aux serveurs Google aux États-Unis. Google Analytics n’identifie pas les utilisateurs, ni n’associe votre adresse IP avec de quelconques autres données détenues par Google. Nous utilisons les rapports fournis par Google Analytics pour nous aider à comprendre le trafic sur le site et l’utilisation des pages web. Vous pouvez découvrir plus de détails à propos des données collectées par Google ainsi que contrôler les données collectées par Google à l’adresse https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Vous pouvez découvrir plus de détails à propos des cookies utilisés par Google à l’adresse https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.
Nous utilisons également Microsoft Application Insights. Application Insights place un cookie dans le navigateur du visiteur des pages web ce qui permet d’analyser votre utilisation du site. Les données générées par le cookie à propos de votre utilisation de notre site web sont généralement transférées sur un serveur de Microsoft aux États-Unis et stockées là-bas. Ces données peuvent inclure votre activité sur le site, ainsi que votre système d’exploitation, navigateur, résolution d’écran, emplacement approximatif et adresse IP. Pour notre compte, en tant qu’exploitant de site Internet, Microsoft utilisera ces données pour évaluer votre utilisation du site Internet, compiler des rapports sur l’activité du site et fournir à notre entité en tant qu’exploitant d’un site Internet, d’autres données sur l’utilisation du site et des autres services en rapport avec Internet.   Toutes ces informations sont des données statistiques anonymes et les associer avec une personne est impossible. Ces évaluations servent uniquement pour la résolution de problèmes et l’optimisation du site Internet et de l’application. De plus amples informations de Microsoft à propos de la confidentialité peuvent se trouver à l’adresse : https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Privacy/default.aspx
Autres technologies
Nous pouvons également utiliser d’autres types de stockage local, tels que les « cookies flash », jetons d’authentification, et stockage local HTML5. Comme pour les cookies, ces technologies sont stockées sur votre ordinateur, même si c’est à des endroits différents de votre dispositif, et remplissent des fonctions similaires. Elles peuvent également être utilisées pour stocker certaines données à propos de vos préférences. Votre navigateur Internet peut vous permettre de désactiver HTML5 ou de supprimer des données contenues dans le stockage local HTML5 en changeant vos paramètres de navigateur. Veuillez noter que la désactivation de ces technologies peut interférer avec les performances et fonctionnalités du Service.
Données provenant de tiers
Afin d’améliorer les recommandations de contenu que nous vous proposons, nous pouvons nous attacher les services de tiers qui sont susceptibles de nous fournir certaines Données personnelles et Données d’utilisation que nous pourrions associer avec des données que nous avons collectées.
COMMENT NOUS UTILISONS LES INFORMATIONS QUE NOUS COLLECTONS
Arkadium utilise les données que nous collectons à votre propos et par votre biais pour divers objectifs commerciaux. D’une manière générale, les données que nous collectons à votre propos, vos centres d’intérêt et vos activités, nous aident à améliorer le Service et à vous fournir un service de meilleure qualité et mieux personnalisé pour nous permettre d’ajuster le Service en fonction de vos intérêts individuels, d’estimer la taille de notre public et ses habitudes d’utilisation et d’accélérer la vitesse de vos recherches. Par exemple, nous pouvons utiliser les données que nous avons collectées à votre propos de l’une des manières suivantes ou plus :
pour créer votre compte et publier vos scores au classement ;
pour répondre à des requêtes que vous pouvez être susceptible de nous demander ; y compris pour des requêtes d’assistance technique et d’autres demandes ;
pour empêcher une fraude ou d’autres activités potentiellement illégales, pour résoudre des litiges et faire respecter nos Conditions d’utilisation ;
pour demander un avis et des commentaires afin d’améliorer les produits et services de l’Entreprise et de personnaliser votre expérience d’utilisateur ;
Nous sommes également susceptibles de vous envoyer des messages email promotionnels (« communications promotionnelles ») directement ou en partenariat avec des parties autres que l’Entreprise ; pour communiquer à propos de jeux nouveaux et actuels ; et pour informer les utilisateurs à propos de nouveaux produits ; et
Les Données d’utilisation peuvent être incluses dans des bases de données possédées et entretenues par l’Entreprise ou ses agents. L’entreprise conserve tous les droits inhérents à ces bases de données et aux données qui y sont contenues. Par exemple, les Données d’utilisation anonymisées sont utilisées pour mieux comprendre les besoins des utilisateurs, comment améliorer nos sites web, produits et services, pour analyser les tendances et le trafic d’utilisateurs et rassembler des données statistiques et pour administrer les jeux et améliorer la jouabilité.
COMMENT NOUS PARTAGEONS LES DONNÉES
À l’exception des cas prévus dans cette Politique de confidentialité ou le cas échéant, dans les Conditions de confidentialité supplémentaires, nous ne fournirons aucune des vos Données personnelles à des parties tierces sans votre consentement spécifique. Nous sommes susceptibles de partager des Données non personnelles, telles que les statistiques agrégées d’utilisateurs, les données démographiques et les Données d’utilisation avec des parties tierces.   Nous pouvons enlever des éléments de données, tels que des adresses email, ou d’autres Données personnelles comme précédemment définies, et résumer et agréger les données restantes afin d’analyser les tendances du trafic web, les préférences et l’activité à travers le Service. Les données opérationnelles résultantes ne sont plus considérées comme des Données personnelles.
Nous sommes susceptibles de combiner vos Données d’utilisation avec ceux d’autres utilisateurs du Service afin de partager des données de tendance avec des parties tierces, toujours sous une forme agrégée et anonymisée. Par exemple, nous pouvons utiliser vos Données d’utilisation en tant que partie d’un nombre agrégé pour montrer à un partenaire potentiel combien de personnes dans le réseau Arkadium visitent des sites sportifs chaque mois.
Nous pouvons également partager vos données de la façon expliquée au moment où vous fournissez vos données et tel qu’il est autrement prévu dans cette Politique de confidentialité et dans les circonstances suivantes :
Services en notre nom
Afin d’exécuter vos requêtes, pour mettre à votre disposition diverses fonctionnalités, services et matériaux à travers le Service, pour analyser et comprendre les performances de notre Service et pour répondre à vos demandes, nous sommes, dans certains cas, susceptibles de partager vos Données d’utilisateur ou Données personnelles avec des parties tierces qui réalisent ces fonctions en notre nom (ou au nom de nos partenaires). Ces parties tierces incluent des entreprises ou des individus qui peuvent nous assister dans les opérations quotidiennes de nos services pour, envoyer des emails en notre nom, héberger ou exploiter le Service, analyser les données ou fournir une assistance clientèle. Ces agents, contractuels ou partenaires ont l’interdiction d’utiliser ces données d’une quelconque façon autre que pour fournir des services à l’Entreprise, ou des services pour la collaboration pour laquelle eux et l’Entreprise se sont engagés (par exemple, certains de nos produits sont développés et sont commercialisés via des ententes mutuelles avec d’autres entreprises). Ces parties ont la possibilité d’établir et d’accéder à leurs propres cookies, pixels espions et autres technologies similaires sur votre Dispositif et elles peuvent autrement collecter ou accéder à des données vous concernant, y compris les Données d’utilisation. Nous établissons des conventions avec toutes les parties tierces qui traitent des Données personnelles en notre nom pour nous assurer qu’elles le font en respectant nos instructions et toute la législation applicable relative à la protection des données.
Transferts d’activité ou Financement
Nous sommes susceptibles d’utiliser, partager et transférer des Données personnelles, des Données d’utilisation et toutes autres données que nous avons collectées à propos des utilisateurs du Service comme un actif en lien avec une fusion ou une vente proposée ou effective (y compris les transferts effectués dans le cadre d’une procédure d’insolvabilité ou de faillite), ou l’achat d’une autre entité, impliquant tout ou partie de nos affaires ou dans le cadre d’une réorganisation corporative, vente d’actions ou tout autre changement de contrôle, ou en relation avec le financement prévu ou actuel, l’assurance, la vente, l’aliénation ou autre cession de tout ou partie de notre commerce ou de nos biens, y compris à des fins de déterminer s’il faut procéder à ladite transaction ou créer des liens d’affaires, ou s’il y a lieu de satisfaire aux exigences en matière d’enregistrement ou aux autres exigences en matière de déclarations des parties. Vos Données personnelles, Données d’utilisation et toutes les autres données que nous avons collectées à propos des utilisateurs du Service pourront également être partagées avec nos filiales ou sociétés affiliées pour des raisons internes, principalement à des fins commerciales et opérationnelles.
Divulgation juridique
Arkadium peut transférer et divulguer des données, y compris vos Données personnelles, Données d’utilisation et Identificateur de dispositif à des parties tierces pour respecter certaines obligations légales lorsque nous pensons de bonne foi que la législation l’exige ; ce qui peut inclure, sur requête des autorités gouvernementales conduisant une enquête ; pour vérifier, faire respecter ou des conditions applicables ou d’autres politiques applicables ; pour répondre à une urgence ; ou autrement pour protéger les droits, les propriétés, la sécurité et la sûreté d’Arkadium, de nos clients ou d’autres. Cela peut également inclure l’échange de données avec d’autres entreprises et organisations en vue de la protection contre la fraude et de la réduction des risques liés au crédit.
ENFANTS
Le Service n’est pas destiné aux enfants âgés de moins de 13 ans. En outre, si vous n’avez pas encore l’âge de 16 ans, ne vous connectez pas, ne fournissez pas de Données personnelles sur le Service ou sur, ou via toute autre de ses fonctionnalités, ne vous enregistrez pas sur le Service ou ne nous fournissez pas autrement de quelconques données à votre propos. Nous ne sommes pas tenus de vérifier indépendamment l’âge de nos utilisateurs. Si vous deviez, en tant que parent ou tuteur légal d’un utilisateur, découvrir qu’un utilisateur qui n’a pas encore 16 ans nous a fourni des Données personnelles, veuillez nous en avertir immédiatement par email à click here to see hidden email ou par courrier à l’adresse Arkadium, Inc., 40 West 25th St, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010 (États-Unis).
COMMENT NOUS STOCKONS, SÉCURISONS, CONSERVONS ET SUPPRIMONS VOS DONNÉES
Arkadium prend toutes les mesures administratives et électroniques raisonnables afin de protéger vos Données personnelles contre la perte accidentelle, l’accès non autorisé, la divulgation ou l’utilisation. Cela peut inclure l’utilisation de technologies telles que le protocole de cryptage Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) et peut inclure un ou plusieurs pare-feu conçus pour bloquer l’accès en dehors de notre réseau. Certaines de ces protections peuvent n’être disponibles que si vous utilisez un navigateur supporté et mis à jour. Les données que nous collections peuvent être stockées ou traitées sur des ordinateurs provenant de n’importe quel pays où nous sommes présents. Bien qu’Arkadium s’efforce de protéger vos Données personnelles et votre vie privée, aucune méthode de sécurité ou aucun pare-feu ne peuvent garantir la protection des données contre le piratage ou une erreur humaine. Par conséquent, nous déclinons donc expressément toute responsabilité en cas de perte, vol, destruction ou divulgation par inadvertance de vos Données personnelles. Dans le cas fortuit où vos Données personnelles seraient compromises, nous pouvons vous avertir par message email à la dernière adresse que vous nous avez fournie, dans un délai raisonnable à la lumière des circonstances et dans le cadre requis par la loi. Des retards de notification peuvent survenir pendant que nous mettons en œuvre les mesures nécessaires pour déterminer l’envergure de la violation et pour restaurer l’intégrité raisonnable du système, ainsi qu’à la requête légitime des forces de l’ordre dans les cas où il peut être déterminé qu’un avis de notification pourrait nuire à une enquête du gouvernement.
Conformément à notre procédure de tenue des registres de routine, nous pouvons supprimer certains enregistrements qui contiennent des Données personnelles ou des Données d’utilisation. Nous n’avons aucune obligation de conserver de telles Données personnelles ou Données d’utilisation indéfiniment et déclinons toute responsabilité survenant de, ou en relation avec, la destruction desdites Données personnelles ou Données d’utilisation. En sus, vous devriez savoir qu’il n’est pas toujours possible d’enlever ou de supprimer complètement toutes vos données de nos bases de données sans qu’ils ne subsistent quelques données résiduelles à cause de copies de sauvegarde ou pour d’autres raisons. Arkadium peut également conserver et utiliser vos Données personnelles si cela se révèle nécessaire pour se conformer à nos obligations légales, régler des litiges et faire respecter nos accords.
Là où nous vous avons donné (ou là vous avez choisi) un mot de passe qui vous permet d’accéder à certaines fonctionnalités du Service, la responsabilité de la confidentialité de ce mot de passe vous incombe.
COMMENT ACCÉDER À VOS DONNÉES ET LES CONTRÔLER
Vous disposez de plusieurs options disponibles lorsqu’il s’agit de vos données. Vous trouverez ci-dessous un résumé de ces options, comment les mettre en œuvre et toutes les limitations qui peuvent s’appliquer. Nous répondrons aux demandes faites à ce sujet dans un délai raisonnable.
Accéder, restreindre ou supprimer vos données :
Vous avez le droit de demander une copie de vos données, d’objecter à notre utilisation de vos données (y compris à des buts commerciaux), de demander la suppression ou la restriction de vos données ou de demander vos données dans un format électronique structuré. Ci-dessous, nous décrivons les outils et procédures à suivre pour réaliser ces demandes. Vous pouvez éditer le nom utilisé pour le classement en vous connectant au Service et en utilisant les paramètres disponibles au sein du Service. Pour toute autre requête, vous pouvez nous contacter par email à click here to see hidden email pour demander de l’assistance.
Vous pouvez nous demander de supprimer, d’arrêter d’accéder, de stocker, d’utiliser vos données ou bien de les traiter différemment. Cela peut inclure les cas où vous pensez qu’un compte a été créé pour vous sans votre consentement ou si vous n’êtes plus un utilisateur actif. Vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à l’utilisation de vos données dans un cadre limité en nous contactant, mais cela n’aura aucune incidence sur toutes les données ayant déjà été traitées au moment de la demande. Suite à une telle demande, nous sommes susceptibles d’avoir besoin d’un certain temps pour enquêter et rendre possible votre requête. S’il existe un retard de réponse ou un litige quant au fait de savoir si nous avons le droit de continuer à utiliser vos données, nous limiterons toute utilisation ultérieure de vos données jusqu’à ce que la demande soit honorée ou le litige résolu. Si vous refusez que des données vous concernant soient partagées avec une application tierce, veuillez désactiver l’application.   Veuillez noter que nous pourrons également avoir à conserver certaines données à des fins de comptabilité, pour conclure des transactions ou pour respecter nos obligations légales. Concernant de toutes les requêtes susmentionnées, veuillez contacter click here to see hidden email.
Vos requêtes et vos choix peuvent être limités dans certains cas : par exemple, si accéder à votre requête pourrait révéler des données à propos d’une autre personne, ou si vous demandez la suppression des données que nous avons la permission de conserver par la loi ou pour des raisons impérieuses et légitimes. Dans les cas où vous nous avez demandé de partager les données avec des parties tierces, vous devrez contacter directement ces dernières en leur qualité de fournisseurs de services pour que vos données soient supprimées ou autrement restreintes. Si certaines de vos questions restent sans réponse, vous pouvez avoir le droit de porter plainte à une autorité de protection des données dans le pays où vous résidez, là où vous travaillez ou là où vous avez le sentiment que vos droits ont été transgressés.
Se désinscrire des communications :
Vous avez toujours la possibilité d’arrêter de recevoir des communications promotionnelles. Lorsque vous recevrez des Communications promotionnelles de notre part, vous aurez l’opportunité de vous « désinscrire » en (i) suivant les instructions de désabonnement fournies dans la communication promotionnelle reçue ou (ii) en éditant vos préférences. Veuillez noter que malgré les préférences de courriel que vous avez indiquées, nous demeurons susceptibles de vous envoyer des messages administratifs en rapport avec les jeux de l’Entreprise, y compris, par exemple, des confirmations administratives ou des avis de mise à jour de nos politiques.
COMMENT NOUS TRANSFÉRONS LES DONNÉES QUE NOUS COLLECTONS INTERNATIONALEMENT
Transferts internationaux des données que nous collectons
Nous collectons des données mondialement et stockons principalement ces données aux États-Unis. Nous transférons, traitons et stockons vos données hors de votre pays de résidence, vers tous les endroits où nous, nos partenaires d’édition (sur les sites web desquels notre Service peut apparaître) ou nos fournisseurs de service tiers, exploitons dans le but de vous fournir les Services. À chaque fois que nous transférons vos données, nous prenons des mesures pour les protéger.
Transferts internationaux au sein d’Arkadium : Pour faciliter nos opérations globales, nous transférons des données aux États-Unis et permettons l’accès à ces données depuis des pays dans lesquels Arkadium exploite des opérations aux fins décrites dans cette politique. Ces pays ne disposent peut-être pas de lois sur la protection et la confidentialité des données équivalentes à celles de nombreux pays où nos clients et nos utilisateurs sont basés. Lorsque nous partageons des données à votre propos au sein de notre entreprise, y compris à nos filiales, nous appliquons les clauses contractuelles types relatives à la protection des données.
Transferts internationaux à des parties tierces : Certaines des parties tierces décrites dans cette Politique de confidentialité, nous fournissant des services sous contrat, sont basées dans d’autres pays qui ne disposent peut-être pas de lois sur la protection et la confidentialité des données équivalentes à celle du pays où vous résidez. Lorsque nous partageons des données de clients de l’Espace économique européen, nous appliquons les clauses contractuelles relatives à la protection des données, des règles d’entreprise contraignantes pour les transferts à des exploitants de données ou d’autres mécanismes légaux appropriés pour assurer la sécurité des transferts.
AUTRES INFORMATIONS IMPORTANTES CONCERNANT LA CONFIDENTIALITÉ ET LE TRAITEMENT DES DONNÉES
Bouclier de protection des données UE-États-Unis
Arkadium Inc. respecte le cadre du Bouclier de protection des données UE-États-Unis, tel qu’énoncé par le Département du commerce des États-Unis à propos de la collecte, l’utilisation et la conservation des Données personnelles en provenance de l’Union européenne à destination des États-Unis. Arkadium Inc. a certifié au Département du commerce qu’il respecte les principes du Bouclier de protection des données. S’il existait un quelconque conflit entre les termes de cette Politique de confidentialité et les principes du Bouclier de protection des données, ce sont les principes du Bouclier de protection des données qui l’emporteront. Pour plus de détails à propos du programme et pour consulter notre certification, veuillez visiter https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Dans les cadres du Bouclier de protection des données UE-États-Unis et Suisse–États-Unis, nous sommes responsables du traitement des données vous concernant que nous recevons depuis l’UE et la Suisse et des transferts successifs à une partie tierce, agissant comme un agent en notre nom. Nous respectons les principes du Bouclier de protection des données pour de tels transferts successifs et restons responsables conformément aux principes du Bouclier de protection des données si les agents tiers que nous engageons en notre nom pour traiter de telles données vous concernant, devaient le faire d’une façon non conforme aux principes du Bouclier de protection des données, sauf si nous sommes en mesure de prouver que le fait dommageable ne nous est pas imputable.
Conformément aux principes du Bouclier de protection des données, Arkadium Inc. s’engage à apporter une solution aux plaintes concernant notre collecte ou utilisation de vos Données personnelles. Les personnes résidentes de l’UE ayant des questions ou des plaintes relatives à notre politique de Bouclier de protection des données peuvent contacter Arkadium Inc. à l’adresse :
click here to see hidden email
Résolution des litiges
Dans le cadre de cet avis de confidentialité, si une plainte ou un conflit relatifs à la vie privée ne pouvait être résolu via les processus internes d’Arkadium Inc., Arkadium Inc. a accepté de participer à la Procédure « Verasafe » de résolution des litiges du Bouclier de protection des données. Sous réserve des conditions de la Procédure de résolution des litiges du Bouclier de Protection des Données VeraSafe, cette dernière vous fournira le recours approprié gratuitement. Pour déposer une plainte auprès de VeraSafe et participer à la Procédure de résolution des litiges du Bouclier de protection des données VeraSafe, veuillez transmettre les données requises à VeraSafe ici : https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
Dans certaines conditions, expliquées plus en détail sur le site Internet du Bouclier de protection des données à l’adresse https://www.privacyshield.gov/, y compris lorsque d’autres procédures de résolution des litiges ont été épuisées, vous pouvez invoquer un arbitrage contraignant.
Nous sommes soumis aux pouvoirs d’enquête et d’exécution de la Commission fédérale du commerce des États-Unis (FTC).
Parties tierces et autres sites
Le Service peut également contenir des liens vers d’autres sites que nous ne possédons ou n’exploitons pas. Ces sites ne sont ni contrôlés, ni recommandés, ni approuvés par nous et nous n’assumons aucune responsabilité en ce qui concerne ces sites ou leurs contenus, produits, services ou politiques de confidentialité et pratiques. Ces autres sites web peuvent envoyer leurs propres cookies sur votre Dispositif, ils peuvent indépendamment collecter des données ou solliciter des Données personnelles et peuvent ou non avoir leurs propres Politiques de confidentialité publiées. Les politiques et procédures que nous avons décrites ici ne s’appliquent pas à ces sites. Nous vous suggérons de contacter ces sites directement pour plus d’informations sur leurs politiques de confidentialité, de sécurité, de collecte des données et de distribution.
Publicités
Lorsque vous interagissez avec le Service, si vous cliquez sur un lien vers une publicité, l’annonceur peut également placer un cookie sur votre Dispositif. Dans ce cas, vous serez soumis à sa politique de confidentialité. Une fois qu’un cookie est placé par de telles parties tierces, nous n’avons aucun accès ou contrôle sur ces cookies.
Les parties tierces placent également des cookies sur votre Dispositif pour proposer des publicités choisies en fonction de vos intérêts et afficher des publicités personnalisées selon les préférences de l’utilisateur final. Ces technologies tierces ne sont pas couvertes par notre Politique de confidentialité ; veuillez consulter la politique de confidentialité de chaque partie tierce pour plus de détails. Si vous ne désirez pas recevoir des cookies sur votre Dispositif, vous pouvez les bloquer depuis votre navigateur web.
Vous avez la possibilité de vous désinscrire pour ne plus recevoir de publicités personnalisées provenant d’autres entreprises membres de la Network Advertising Initiative ou qui appliquent les Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (principes d’autocontrôle de la Digital Advertising Alliance pour la publicité comportementale en ligne). Pour plus d’informations à propos de cette pratique et pour comprendre vos options, veuillez visiter :
http://www.aboutads.info,
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ et
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Loteries et concours
De temps en temps, l’Entreprise peut offrir aux utilisateurs la possibilité de participer à des concours et loteries. Cela peut être fait en association avec des sponsors tiers indépendants. Les règles officielles pour ces loteries et concours sont sujettes aux règles fournies dans les présentes, y compris, mais sans se limiter à, la collection de données supplémentaires qui peuvent ne pas être soumises à cette Politique de confidentialité.
Changements concernant cette Politique de confidentialité
Veuillez noter que nous pouvons modifier les données présentées via le Service et/ou cette Politique de confidentialité de temps en temps. Si nous effectuons des modifications significatives, nous placerons un avertissement en évidence sur les Sites avant que les changements ne deviennent effectifs et nous pourrons vous demander d’accepter la politique mise à jour avant de continuer à utiliser le Service. Il vous est conseillé de vérifier régulièrement si la Politique de confidentialité a été mise à jour. Votre utilisation continue du Service après la publication des révisions sur la Politique de confidentialité constituera une acceptation de ces modifications.
Cette Politique de confidentialité, en vigueur à la dernière date de modification indiquée ci-dessous, annule et remplace toutes les Politiques de confidentialité précédemment en vigueur.
Résidents de Californie
Nous ne divulguons pas les Données personnelles des utilisateurs à des parties tierces à des fins commerciales directes sans le consentement de l’utilisateur. Par conséquent, nous ne sommes pas tenus de divulguer ou maintenir une liste des parties tierces qui reçoivent vos données personnelles à des fins commerciales. Dans l’éventualité d’un changement apporté à cette politique, nous fournirons un avertissement aux utilisateurs, tel que la publication d’une Politique de confidentialité mises à jour, et fournirons un mécanisme raisonnable pour vous donner la possibilité de vous désinscrire.
« Do Not Track »
Do Not Track (Ne pas suivre) est un programme volontaire parmi les annonceurs Internet qui a pour but de donner aux utilisateurs la possibilité de se désinscrire de la publicité et du ciblage comportementaux. Il existe quelques manières par lesquelles votre ordinateur peut envoyer un signal « do not track » à certains sites web et services en ligne que vous visitez. Arkadium et de nombreux ou tous ses services tiers qui collectent des données analytiques ne respectent actuellement pas les paramètres Do Not Track. Si vous êtes en désaccord avec la politique d’Arkadium de ne pas respecter Do Not Track, votre seule solution est d’arrêter immédiatement d’utiliser notre Service.
Nous contacter
Tous les commentaires, questions et requêtes à propos de cette Politique de confidentialité sont les bienvenus et devraient être adressés à click here to see hidden email ou par courrier à Arkadium, Inc., 40 West 25th St, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010, (États-Unis) à l’attention de : Data Privacy Officer, Legal Department.
Dernière modification : 22/05/2018


INICIO – POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD Y COOKIES
Política de privacidad y cookies
Política de privacidad de Arkadium, Inc.
Introducción
Esta política de privacidad (“Política de privacidad“) se aplica a la información recopilada por Arkadium, Inc. (“Arkadium“) a través de nuestra plataforma de juegos (el “Servicio“) y los múltiples sitios en los que se proporcionan tales Servicios, ya sea en un sitio web de propiedad absoluta o en un sitio de terceros (los “Sitios“).  Todos los Sitios aplicables tendrán un enlace a esta Política de privacidad al hacer clic en “declaración de privacidad”, “política de privacidad”, “privacidad” (o una formulación similar) en el pie del sitio web.
Los términos “usuario”, “usted” y “su” usados aquí se refieren a usuarios del Servicio, y las palabras “la Compañía”, “nosotros”, “nos” y “nuestro” se refieren a Arkadium.  Si accede a los juegos de la Compañía a través de un sitio web de terceros, puede que tenga que leer y aceptar los términos de uso de la tercera entidad, así como su política de privacidad.
Nos hemos comprometido a proteger su información.  Hemos establecido un programa de privacidad completo, incluyendo una cita con un responsable de privacidad de datos, que ha sido diseñado para ayudarnos a respetar y proteger los derechos de privacidad de sus datos.  Esta Política de privacidad explica qué información estamos recopilando a través del Servicio, cómo puede usarse y/o compartirse esa información con otros, cómo la protegemos y cómo puede usted acceder y controlar su uso.
Por favor, lea con detenimiento esta Política de privacidad, ya que cuando usted accede o utiliza el Servicio está reconociendo que entiende y está de acuerdo con esta Política de privacidad, incluyendo la manera en la que se utilizan sus datos personales.  Si no está de acuerdo con esta Política de privacidad, o con cualquier cambio posterior que pueda hacerse en la misma, debe dejar de usar el Servicio inmediatamente.
GUÍA RÁPIDA DE CONTENIDOS
USUARIOS INTERNACIONALES – CONSENTIMIENTO PARA PROCESAR Y TRANSFERIR INFORMACIÓN
El Servicio tiene su base y opera en Estados Unidos, país donde se encuentran nuestros servidores y oficinas centrales. Por favor, tenga en cuenta que la información que nos proporcione o que obtengamos como resultado de su uso del Servicio puede procesarse y transferirse, y estar sujetas a las leyes de Estados Unidos. Las leyes de privacidad y protección de datos de Estados Unidos pueden no ser iguales a las leyes de privacidad y protección de datos en su país de residencia. Al usar el Servicio o al proporcionarnos cualquier información de sus preferencias o sobre usted, incluida la información que podría usarse razonablemente para contactar con usted o para identificarle personalmente, como su nombre, correo electrónico, dirección, número de teléfono o domicilio particular, estará dando su consentimiento para recopilar, transmitir, almacenar y procesar cualquier y toda la información fuera y dentro de Estados Unidos y otros territorios en los que las leyes de privacidad pueden no ser tan completas o equivalentes a las del país en el que reside y/o es ciudadano.  Para obtener más información o garantías relacionadas con las transmisiones internacionales, consulte CÓMO TRANSMITIMOS LA INFORMACIÓN QUE RECOPILAMOS INTERNACIONALMENTE.
INFORMACIÓN QUE RECOPILAMOS
Información que nos proporciona
En relación con el Servicio, la Compañía puede recopilar información que lo identifique, que incluye, pero no se limita a, su nombre, domicilio, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico y otra información similar que proporcione a la Compañía (“Datos personales”) cuando nos la envía voluntariamente, incluyendo cuando inicia sesión directamente o al utilizar una red social u otro inicio de sesión en sitios de terceros.
Información que recopilamos automáticamente
Siempre que visite o interactúe con el Servicio, Arkadium, así como cualquier vendedor y/o proveedor de servicios que actúe como un tercero, puede usar numerosas tecnologías que, ya sea de manera automática o pasiva, recopilen información sobre cómo se accede y utiliza el Servicio (“Información de uso”). La Información de uso puede incluir, en parte, el tipo de navegador, el sistema operativo, el tipo de dispositivo, una estimación de su ubicación geográfica asociada a su dirección IP, la ubicación de su teléfono móvil, el servidor de la página, la hora, la referencia de las URLs y otra información que normalmente se transmite en las solicitudes HTTP. Estos datos estadísticos nos proporcionan información sobre el uso del Servicio, como cuántas visitas hay en una página específica en la que está instalado el Servicio, cuánto tiempo permanecen en la página, el tipo de contenido de la página, en qué hipervínculos, si los hubiera, hacen clic y cómo interactúan con esa página en general.  La Información de uso es generalmente anónima, pero si Arkadium la asocia con usted como una persona específica e identificable, Arkadium lo tratará como Datos personales.
Dirección IP e identificadores de dispositivos
También recopilamos automáticamente la dirección del protocolo de Internet (“IP”) u otros identificadores únicos (“Identificador de dispositivo”) para cada ordenador, dispositivo móvil, tecnología u otro dispositivo (colectivamente, “Dispositivo”) que utilice para acceder al Servicio. Un Identificador de dispositivo es un número que se asigna automáticamente a su Dispositivo cuando accede al sitio web o a sus servidores, y nuestros ordenadores identifican cada Dispositivo por su Identificador de dispositivo.  Una dirección IP es un número que su proveedor de servicios de Internet le asigna a su ordenador para acceder a Internet. Generalmente, la dirección IP cambia cada vez que se conecta a Internet (se trata de una dirección “dinámica”). Sin embargo, tenga en cuenta que, si tiene una conexión de banda ancha, dependiendo de sus circunstancias individuales, es posible que la dirección IP que recopilemos o incluso la cookie que usemos pueda contener información que podría identificarle. La razón es que con algunas conexiones de banda ancha no se cambia su dirección IP (es “estática”) y podría asociarse con su ordenador personal. Utilizamos su dirección IP para dar parte de la información colectiva sobre el uso y para ayudar a mejorar el sitio web.
Cookies
Una cookie es una pequeña cadena de datos que envía el Servicio y que se almacena en su Dispositivo y se devuelve al Servicio cada vez que interactúa con el Servicio. Las cookies no transmiten Datos personales acerca de usted, sino que nos proporcionan una información anónima sobre cómo usa el Servicio. Podemos utilizar cookies de sesión, que son cookies temporales que desaparecen después de que cierre el navegador, y/o cookies persistentes, que se conservan en su disco duro después de que cierre el navegador y que se vuelven a cargar al abrir una nueva sesión en el mismo. En general, las cookies sirven para que no tenga que iniciar sesión en el Servicio cuando ya lo ha hecho, nos ayudan a nosotros y a nuestros asociados a entender mejor los intereses de los usuarios y así poder mejorar, nos permiten mostrar recomendaciones de contenido específicas que pensamos que podrían ser de su interés, y pueden hacer que el Servicio se cargue más rápido y sea más agradable de usar.
Puede configurar su navegador de Internet para que le avise cada vez que se envíe una cookie o para rechazar las cookies por completo. Sin embargo, al desactivar las cookies es posible que ciertas características dejen de estar disponibles o que no funcionen de manera óptima, y puede que no podamos diseñar nuestras recomendaciones para usted tan bien como si no hubiera bloqueado el uso de cookies.
Archivos de registro
Como pasa con la mayoría de sitios web, tanto nosotros como nuestros asociados reunimos información de manera automática y la almacenamos en archivos de registro. Esta información incluye direcciones IP, tipo de navegador, proveedor de servicios de Internet, páginas de referencia y salida, sistema operativo, sello de fecha/hora y datos de seguimiento de clic.
Utilizamos esta información, que no identifica a los usuarios individuales, para analizar patrones, administrar los Sitios y el Servicio, supervisar los movimientos de los usuarios por los Sitios y el Servicio y reunir información demográfica sobre nuestra base de usuarios en su conjunto.
Baliza web / Etiquetas de píxel
Una baliza web (también llamada “faro web” o “etiqueta de píxel”) es una imagen transparente de 1×1 píxel incrustada en una página web o en un correo electrónico basado en HTML que nos permite recopilar información de registro en la web. El ordenador en el que se aloja el sitio web (llamado “servidor web”) reúne esta información de registro cuando visita uno de nuestros sitios web.  También podemos incluir balizas web en mensajes de correo electrónico promocionales para determinar si se han abierto los mensajes.  Esta información puede incluir el tiempo y la fecha de la visita a una página web, la página web en la que se coloca la baliza, las páginas que ha visitado, el sitio web desde el que ha sido remitido, el tipo de navegador que usa (como Internet Explorer), el tipo de sistema operativo que usa (como Windows 7) y el nombre y dirección del dominio de su proveedor de servicios de Internet (como AOL).  Las balizas web no detectan ninguno de sus Datos personales, pero pueden realizar un seguimiento de los patrones de uso en línea de nuestros usuarios y evaluar la efectividad de nuestras actividades de forma anónima, entre otras cosas, permitiéndonos ver si una página web en particular se ve o si los destinatarios abren los emails.  Aunque no es posible desactivar las balizas web, sí se puede hacer que algunas balizas se vuelvan inútiles rechazando sus cookies asociadas. Sin embargo, si desactiva las cookies asociadas con una baliza, algunos servicios pueden no funcionar correctamente.
Análisis de terceros
Usamos servicios de análisis de terceros para analizar distintos datos.  Actualmente usamos Google Analytics, un servicio que transmite los datos de tráfico de un sitio web a los servidores de Google de Estados Unidos.  Google Analytics no identifica usuarios ni asocia su dirección IP a otros datos que ya tenga Google.  Usamos los informes de Google Analytics para ayudarnos a entender el tráfico del sitio web y el uso de la página web.  Puede encontrar más información sobre los datos que recopila Google y controlar dicha información en https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.  Puede encontrar más información sobre las cookies que usa Google en https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.
También utilizamos Application Insights de Microsoft  Application Insights coloca una cookie en el navegador del visitante de las páginas web que permite hacer un análisis de su uso del sitio. La información que genera la cookie sobre su uso del sitio web suele transmitirse a un servidor de Microsoft en EE. UU. y se almacena allí.  Esta información puede incluir su actividad en el sitio, así como su sistema operativo, navegador, resolución de pantalla, ubicación aproximada y dirección IP.  En representación nuestra como operador del sitio web, Microsoft utilizará esta información para evaluar su uso del sitio web, recopilando informes de la actividad en el sitio web y proporcionando otra información sobre el uso del mismo y los servicios relacionados con internet como operador del sitio web.   Toda esta información son datos estadísticos anónimos y no es posible que hagan alusión a una persona. Las evaluaciones solo sirven para la resolución de problemas y la optimización del sitio web y de la aplicación.  Para obtener más información sobre la privacidad de Microsoft puede visitar https://privacy.microsoft.com/es-es
Otras tecnologías
Es posible que también utilicemos otros tipos de almacenamiento local, como las “cookies de flash”, los autentificadores y el almacenamiento local en HTML5. Igual que sucede con las cookies, estas tecnologías se almacenan en su ordenador, si bien en partes diferentes de su dispositivo, y llevan a cabo funciones similares. También se pueden usar para almacenar cierta información sobre sus preferencias. Su navegador de Internet puede permitirle desactivar HTML5 o borrar la información de almacenamiento local de HTML5 desde la configuración de su navegador.  Por favor, tenga en cuenta que, al desactivar estas tecnologías, puede interferir con el rendimiento y las características del Servicio.
Información de terceros
Para mejorar las recomendaciones de contenido personalizadas que le ofrecemos, podemos contratar servicios de terceros que nos proporcionasen ciertos Datos personales e Información de uso que podemos combinar con la información que ya hemos recopilado.
CÓMO USAMOS LA INFORMACIÓN QUE RECOPILAMOS
Arkadium usa la información que recopilamos sobre y de usted para numerosos propósitos comerciales.  Generalmente, la información que recopilamos sobre usted, sus intereses y sus actividades nos ayudan a mejorar el Servicio y a ofrecerle un servicio mejor y más personalizado, ya que nos permite personalizar el Servicio de acuerdo a sus intereses individuales, calcular el tamaño y los patrones de uso de nuestra audiencia y acelerar sus búsquedas.  Por ejemplo, podemos usar la información recopilada sobre usted de una o varias de las siguientes formas:
para crear su cuenta y publicar sus puntuaciones en la tabla de clasificación;
para responder a las solicitudes que pueda habernos hecho, incluyendo aquellas al servicio técnico u otras consultas;
para evitar actividades fraudulentas o potencialmente ilegales, resolver disputas y aplicar nuestros Términos de uso;
para solicitar comentarios y opiniones con el fin de mejorar los productos y servicios de la Compañía, así como para personalizar su experiencia de usuario.
También podemos enviar mensajes de correo electrónico promocionales (“Comunicaciones promocionales”) directamente o en colaboración con otras partes que no sean la Compañía; avisar de juegos nuevos y actuales; informar a los usuarios de nuevos productos; y
la Información de usuario puede incluirse en bases de datos mantenidas y pertenecientes a la Compañía o a sus agentes. La Compañía tiene todos los derechos sobre estas bases de datos y la información que contienen.  Por ejemplo, la Información de uso anónima se utiliza para entender mejor las necesidades de los usuarios, para ver cómo podemos mejorar nuestros sitios web, productos y servicios, para analizar patrones y tráfico de los usuarios y reunir información estadística, y para administrar juegos y mejorar la experiencia de juego.
CÓMO COMPARTIMOS LA INFORMACIÓN
A menos que se establezca en esta Política de privacidad o en los Términos de privacidad adicionales aplicables, no proporcionaremos sus Datos personales a terceros sin su consentimiento específico. Podemos compartir Información no personal, como estadísticas de usuario, información demográfica e Información de uso con terceros.   Podemos eliminar elementos informativos, como una dirección de correo electrónico u otros Datos personales definidos anteriormente, y resumir o agregar la información restante para analizar los patrones de tráfico de la web, las preferencias y la actividad por el Servicio. Los datos resultantes ya no serán considerados Datos personales.
Podemos combinar su Información de uso con la de otros usuarios del Servicio para compartir información de patrones con terceros, siempre de forma global y anónima. Por ejemplo, podemos utilizar su Información de uso como parte de nuestro número total para informar a un futuro asociado de cuántas personas en la red de Arkadium visitan sitios web de deportes cada mes.
También podemos compartir su información según lo dispuesto en el momento en que proporciona dicha información, a menos que se establezca lo contrario en esta Política de privacidad, y en las siguientes circunstancias:
Servicios en nuestro nombre
Para cumplir con sus peticiones, realizar diferentes funciones, servicios y materiales a través del Servicio, para analizar y entender cómo funciona nuestro Servicio y para responder a sus preguntas, puede que en ciertos casos tengamos que compartir su Información de uso o Datos personales con terceros que realizan funciones en nuestro nombre (o en el nombre de nuestros asociados).  Por terceros se entienden compañías o individuos que nos ayuden en operaciones del día a día de nuestros servicios, envíen correos electrónicos en nuestro nombre, alberguen u operen el Servicio, analicen datos o proporcionen atención al cliente.  Estos agentes, proveedores o asociados tienen restringido el uso de estos datos por cualquier otro medio que no sea prestar servicios para la Compañía, o servicios para la colaboración en la que participan con la Compañía (por ejemplo, algunos de nuestros productos se desarrollan y comercializan gracias a acuerdos conjuntos con otras compañías).  Estas partes pueden fijar y acceder a sus propias cookies, etiquetas de píxel y otras tecnologías similares en su Dispositivo con los que pueden recopilar o tener acceso a información sobre usted, incluyendo su Información de uso.  Concertamos acuerdos con terceros que procesan los Datos personales en nuestro nombre para asegurar que lo hacen de acuerdo con nuestras instrucciones y leyes de protección de datos pertinentes.
Trasmisiones o financiación
Podemos usar, compartir y transmitir Datos personales e Información de uso, así como cualquier otra información que hayamos recopilado sobre los usuarios del Servicio, como un activo con respecto a una propuesta o unión o venta (incluyendo cualquier transmisión hecha como parte de procedimientos de insolvencia o quiebra), o compra de otra entidad, incluyendo todos o parte de nuestro negocio o como parte de nuestra reorganización corporativa, venta de valores u otro cambio de control o con respecto a la financiación prevista o real, aseguradora, venta, encargo u otra disposición de todo o parte de nuestro negocio o activos, incluyendo, para el proceso de resolución, si proceder o continuar con dicha transacción o relación comercial o cumplimiento de cualquier registro u otros requisitos de información para tales partes.  Sus Datos personales, Información de uso y cualquier otra información que hayamos recopilado sobre los usuarios del Servicio también pueden compartirse con nuestras filiales o empresas afiliadas por motivos internos, principalmente con fines empresariales y operativos.
Divulgación legal
Arkadium puede transmitir y revelar información a terceros, incluyendo sus Datos personales, Información de uso e Identificador de dispositivo, para cumplir con ciertas obligaciones legales cuando creamos de buena fe que la ley lo requiera. Esto puede incluir: por solicitud de las autoridades gubernamentales que estén llevando a cabo una investigación; para verificar o imponer las condiciones aplicables u otras políticas aplicables; para actuar en caso de emergencia; o bien para proteger los derechos, la propiedad o la seguridad de Arkadium, nuestros clientes u otros. También puede incluir el intercambio de información con otras compañías y organizaciones con el fin de prevenir el fraude y reducir el riesgo de crédito.
MENORES
El Servicio no está destinado a menores de 13 años.  Además, si usted es menor de 16 años, no inicie sesión ni proporcione ningún dato personal en el Servicio o sobre o a través de cualquiera de sus características, ni se registre en el Servicio ni nos proporcione cualquier otra información sobre usted.  No nos hacemos responsables de verificar de manera independiente la edad de los usuarios. En caso de que usted, como padre o tutor legal de un usuario, tenga conocimiento de que un usuario menor de 16 años nos haya proporcionado Datos personales, por favor, notifíquenoslo inmediatamente enviando un correo electrónico a click here to see hidden email o una carta por correo postal a Arkadium, Inc., 40 West 25th St, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010.
CÓMO ALMACENAMOS, ASEGURAMOS, CONSERVAMOS Y ELIMINAMOS SU INFORMACIÓN
Arkadium adopta medidas administrativas y electrónicas razonables diseñadas para salvaguardar y proteger sus Datos personales de pérdidas accidentales o de un uso, acceso o divulgación no autorizados. Esto puede incluir el uso de tecnologías como Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), así como uno o más cortafuegos diseñados para bloquear el acceso desde fuera de nuestra red. Algunas de estas protecciones pueden estar disponibles solamente en la medida en que usted esté usando un navegador actualizado y compatible.  La información que recopilamos puede almacenarse o procesarse en ordenadores de cualquier país en el que trabajemos. Aunque Arkadium se esfuerza para proteger sus Datos personales y su privacidad, ninguna medida de seguridad o cortafuegos puede garantizar la protección de su información de piratas informáticos o del error humano, y por ello eludimos expresamente toda responsabilidad por la pérdida, robo, destrucción o divulgación involuntaria de sus Datos personales. En el lamentable caso de que sus Datos personales se vean comprometidos, podemos notificárselo a través de un correo electrónico que le será enviado a la última dirección de correo electrónico que nos proporcionó, en un plazo razonable dadas las circunstancias y como exige la ley. Puede producirse un retraso en la notificación mientras tomamos las medidas necesarias para determinar el alcance de la infracción y restablecemos la integridad razonable al sistema, además de por petición legítima de los cuerpos de seguridad, que deberán determinar si dicha notificación impediría una investigación del gobierno.
De acuerdo con nuestro mantenimiento de registros rutinarios, podemos borrar ciertos registros que contengan Datos personales o Información de uso. No estamos obligados a almacenar dichos Datos personales o Información de uso de forma indefinida, y eludimos cualquier responsabilidad derivada de o relacionada con la destrucción de dichos Datos personales o Información de uso. Además, tenga en cuenta que no siempre es posible eliminar por completo toda su información de nuestras bases de datos sin que quede ningún dato residual debido a copias de seguridad u otras razones.  Arkadium también puede conservar y usar sus Datos personales cuando sea necesario para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales, resolver conflictos y aplicar nuestros acuerdos.
Usted es responsable de mantener la confidencialidad de la contraseña que le hayamos indicado (o que usted haya elegido) para acceder a ciertas características del Servicio.
CÓMO ACCEDER Y CONTROLAR SU INFORMACIÓN
Usted tiene ciertas opciones disponibles con respecto a su información. Más abajo encontrará un resumen de tales opciones, cómo ejercerlas y sus limitaciones. Responderemos a sus peticiones en un plazo razonable.
Acceder, restringir o borrar su información:
Tiene derecho a solicitar una copia de su información, de oponerse a nuestro uso de su información (incluyendo los fines comerciales), solicitar la eliminación o restricción de su información, o solicitar su información en un formato electrónico estructurado. Más abajo le describimos las herramientas y los procesos para realizar estas solicitudes. Puede editar el nombre que usted usa en el marcador iniciando sesión en el Servicio y utilizando los ajustes disponibles dentro del Servicio.  Para otras solicitudes, puede contactar con nosotros enviando un correo electrónico a click here to see hidden email para solicitar ayuda.
Puede solicitarnos que borremos su información, que dejemos de acceder a ella, que la almacenemos, utilicemos y procesemos. También puede incluir si cree que una cuenta se creó para usted sin su consentimiento o si ya no es un usuario activo. En el caso de que nos haya dado su consentimiento para utilizar su información para un propósito limitado, puede contactar con nosotros para retirar dicho consentimiento, pero esto no afectará a ningún procesamiento que ya haya ocurrido en ese momento. En el caso de que haga tales solicitudes, quizá necesitemos tiempo para investigar y favorecer su solicitud. Si hay un retraso o conflicto con respecto a si tenemos el derecho de seguir usando su información, limitaremos cualquier futuro uso de su información hasta que se haya completado su solicitud o se haya resuelto el conflicto. Si se opone a que se comparta su información con una aplicación de terceros, desactive la aplicación.   Tenga en cuenta que quizá necesitemos conservar cierta información para nuestro mantenimiento de registros, para completar transacciones o para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales.  Para cualquiera de las solicitudes anteriores, póngase en contacto con click here to see hidden email.
Puede que su solicitud y sus elecciones se limiten en ciertos casos: por ejemplo, si al realizar su solicitud se revelara información sobre otra persona o si usted pidiera borrar información que se nos permita usar por ley o que queramos mantener por un interés legítimo. En caso de que nos haya pedido compartir datos con terceros, tendrá que contactar con dicho servicio de terceros directamente para que borren su información o para que la limiten. Si tiene preocupaciones que no hayan sido resueltas, tiene el derecho a reclamar a una autoridad de protección de datos del país en el que reside, en el que trabaja o en el que piense que se hayan infringido sus derechos.
Exclusión de comunicaciones:
Siempre tiene la opción de dejar de recibir Comunicaciones promocionales. Cuando reciba Comunicaciones promocionales de nuestra parte, tendrá la oportunidad de “exclusión” (i) siguiendo las instrucciones para darse de baja que se proporcionan en la Comunicación promocional que reciba o (ii) editando sus preferencias. Tenga en cuenta que, a pesar de sus preferencias de correo electrónico, podemos mandarle mensajes administrativos respecto a los juegos de la Compañía, incluyendo, por ejemplo, confirmaciones administrativas y avisos de actualización de nuestras políticas.
CÓMO TRANSMITIMOS LA INFORMACIÓN QUE RECOPILAMOS INTERNACIONALMENTE
Transmisiones internacionales e información que recopilamos
Recopilamos información de todo el mundo y almacenamos esa información principalmente en Estados Unidos. Transmitimos, procesamos y almacenamos su información fuera de su país de residencia al lugar en el que nosotros, nuestros editores asociados (en cuyos sitios web aparece nuestro Servicio) o nuestros proveedores de servicios externos operemos para poder proporcionarle los Servicios. Siempre que transmitimos su información, tomamos medidas para protegerla.
Transmisiones internacionales en Arkadium: Para facilitar nuestras operaciones globales, transmitimos información a Estados Unidos y damos acceso a esa información a otros países en los que opera Arkadium para los fines descritos en esta política. Es posible que estos países no tengan una política de privacidad y leyes protección de datos equivalentes a las de muchos países en los que se encuentran nuestros clientes y usuarios. Cuando compartimos información sobre usted dentro de nuestra compañía, incluyendo a nuestras filiales, nos aseguramos de utilizar unos acuerdos contractuales de protección de datos estándar.
Transmisiones internacionales a terceros: Algunos de los terceros descritos en esta política de privacidad, que nos proporcionan servicios por contrato, tienen sede en otros países que tal vez no tengan una política de privacidad y unas leyes protección de datos equivalentes a las de su país de residencia. Cuando compartimos la información de los clientes en el Área Económica Europea, nos aseguramos de usar cláusulas contractuales sobre protección de datos, normas corporativas vinculantes para transmisiones a procesadores de datos u otros mecanismos legales apropiados para asegurar la transmisión.
OTRA INFORMACIÓN SOBRE DATOS Y PRIVACIDAD IMPORTANTE
Protección de la privacidad en UE y EE. UU.
Arkadium, Inc. cumple con el marco de la Protección de la privacidad en la UE y EE. UU. según lo establecido por el Departamento de Comercio de EE. UU con respecto a la recopilación, uso y retención de datos personales transmitidos desde la Unión Europa hacia Estados Unidos.  Arkadium, Inc. ha garantizado al Departamento de Comercio que se atiene a los principios de la Protección de la privacidad.  Si existiera algún conflicto entre los términos de esta política de privacidad y los principios de Protección de la privacidad, primarán los principios de esta última.  Para obtener más información sobre el programa de Protección de la privacidad y para ver nuestra certificación, visite https://www.privacyshield.gov/ (en inglés).
Según el marco de la Protección de la privacidad de la UE y EE. UU. y de Suiza y EE. UU., somos responsables del procesamiento de la información sobre usted que recibimos de la UE y Suiza y que se transfiere a terceros que actúan como agentes en nuestro nombre. Cumplimos con los principios de la Protección de la privacidad para dichas transmisiones y seguimos siendo responsables de acuerdo con los principios de la Protección de la privacidad si unos agentes externos que contratamos para procesar dicha información sobre usted en nuestro nombre lo hacen contradiciendo los principios de la Protección de la privacidad, a no ser que demostremos que no somos responsables por el hecho generador del daño.
De conformidad con los principios de la Protección de la privacidad, Arkadium, Inc. se compromete a resolver las quejas sobre nuestra recopilación o uso de sus datos personales.  Los miembros de la UE con preguntas o quejas con respecto a la política de la Protección de la privacidad deberán contactar en primer lugar con Arkadium, Inc. en:
click here to see hidden email
Resolución de conflictos
En el ámbito de este aviso de privacidad, si una queja o conflicto sobre la privacidad no se puede resolver por los procesos internos de Arkadium, Inc., Arkadium, Inc. ha accedido a participar en el Procedimiento de resolución de conflictos de la Protección de la privacidad de VeraSafe. VeraSafe proporcionará un recurso legal apropiado y gratuito sujeto a los términos del Procedimiento de resolución de conflictos de la Protección de la privacidad de VeraSafe. Para presentar una reclamación a VeraSafe de acuerdo al Procedimiento de resolución de conflictos de la Protección de la privacidad, envíe la información necesaria a VeraSafe a https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
En determinadas condiciones, descritas con más detalle en el sitio web (en inglés) de la Protección de la privacidad (https://www.privacyshield.gov/), incluyendo cuando se hayan agotado todos los procesos para la resolución de otro conflicto, podrá acogerse a un arbitraje vinculante.
Estamos sujetos a las facultades de investigación y ejecución de la Comisión Federal de Comercio (FTC) de EE. UU.
Terceros y otros sitios
El Servicio puede contener enlaces a otros sitios que no nos pertenecen o que no gestionamos.  No controlamos, recomendamos o apoyamos, y no somos responsables de estos sitios o de su contenido, productos, servicios o prácticas o políticas de privacidad. Estos otros sitios web pueden enviarle sus propias cookies a su Dispositivo, pueden recopilar o solicitar Datos personales independientemente y pueden o no tener sus propias políticas de privacidad.  Las políticas y procedimientos que hemos descrito aquí no se aplican a esos sitios.  Sugerimos contactar con tales sitios directamente para obtener más información sobre su privacidad, seguridad, recopilación de datos y políticas de distribución.
Anuncios
Al interactuar con el Servicio, si hace clic en un enlace de un anuncio, el anunciador también puede colocar una cookie en su Dispositivo, en cuyo caso estará sujeto a su política de privacidad.  Cuando un tercero haya colocado una cookie, nosotros no tendremos acceso ni podremos controla dicha cookie.
Los terceros también pueden colocar cookies en su Dispositivo para usar anuncios basados en los intereses, de manera que se mostrarán los anuncios adaptados a las preferencias de los usuarios. Nuestra Política de privacidad no cubre estas tecnologías de terceros; por favor, consulte la política de privacidad de externo para saber más. Si no desea que se coloquen estas cookies en su Dispositivo, puede bloquear las cookies desde su navegador.
Es posible que usted decida no recibir anuncios personalizados de otras compañías que formen parte de la Network Advertising Initiative (Iniciativa de Redes publicitarias) o que estén suscritas a los principios autorreguladores de publicidad conductual en línea de la Digital Advertising Alliance (Alianza de Publicidad Digital). Para obtener más información sobre esta práctica y para entender sus opciones, visite:
http://www.aboutads.info,
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ y
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Sorteos y concursos
De vez en cuando la Compañía puede ofrecer a los usuarios la posibilidad de participar en sorteos y concursos. Esto puede hacerse en relación con patrocinadores independientes externos. Las reglas oficiales de dichos sorteos y concursos están sujetas a las reglas que los acompañan, incluyendo, pero sin limitarse a, la recopilación de cualquier información adicional que puede no estar sujeta a esta Política de privacidad.
Cambios a esta Política de privacidad
Tenga en cuenta que quizá modifiquemos la información presentada por el Servicio y/o esta Política de privacidad periódicamente. En caso de que realicemos algún cambio sustancial, colocaremos un aviso destacado en los Sitios antes de que el cambio entre en vigor, y quizá se requerirse que acepte la política revisada antes de seguir usando el Servicio. Debería comprobar esta página periódicamente para comprobar las actualizaciones de la Política de privacidad.  Su uso continuado del Servicio después de publicar las revisiones de la Política de privacidad constituirá su aceptación de tales cambios.
Esta Política de privacidad, aplicable en la fecha en la que se modificó por última vez y que se registra más abajo, sustituye y reemplaza a cualquier y a todas las Políticas de privacidad anteriormente vigentes.
Residentes en California
No revelamos los Datos personales de los usuarios a terceros con fines de venta directa sin el consentimiento de los usuarios. Por lo tanto, no estamos obligados a mantener o revelar una lista de terceros que hayan recibido su información personal con fines comerciales.  En el caso de que cambie esta política, avisaremos a los usuarios, al igual que con el aviso de la Política de privacidad revisada, y proporcionaremos un mecanismo razonable para que pueda optar a no aceptarla.
“Do Not Track” (No rastrear)
Do Not Track es un programa voluntario entre publicistas de Internet destinado a darles a los usuarios la opción de excluirse de la++ segmentación por comportamiento y la publicidad conductual. Su ordenador puede mandar una señal de “no rastrear” de diferentes formas a ciertos sitios web y servicios en línea que visite.  Actualmente, Arkadium y muchos o todos sus servicios externos que recopilan análisis no respetan los ajustes de Do Not Track.  Si no está de acuerdo con la política de Arkadium de no respetar el programa Do Not Track, su único recurso es dejar de usar el Servicio inmediatamente.
Contacto
Las preguntas, comentarios y peticiones con respecto a esta Política de privacidad son bienvenidas y deberían dirigirse a click here to see hidden email o por correo postal a Arkadium, Inc., 40 West 25th St, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010, Attn: Data Privacy Officer, Legal Department.
Modificado por última vez: 5/22/2018


HOME – DATENSCHUTZ- UND COOKIE-RICHTLINIE
Datenschutzerklärung und Cookie-Richtlinie
Datenschutz bei Arkadium, Inc.
Einführung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung (“Datenschutzerklärung“) gilt für Daten, die Arkadium, Inc. über unsere Arena-Spieleplattform (den “Dienst“) und die verschiedenen Websites erfasst, auf denen diese Dienste angeboten werden, unabhängig davon, ob sie sich auf einer eigenen Website oder auf einer Website eines Drittanbieters (die “Websites“) befinden.  Alle betreffenden Websites sind mit einem Link zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung versehen, wenn Sie in der Fußzeile der Webseite auf “Datenschutzerklärung”, “Datenschutzrichtlinie” oder “Datenschutz” (oder ähnliche Formulierungen) klicken.
Die Wörter “Nutzer”, “Sie” und “Ihr” bedeuten die Nutzer eines Dienstes und die Wörter “das Unternehmen”, “wir”, “uns” und “unser” bedeuten Arkadium.  Wenn Sie auf die Spiele des Unternehmens über die Website eines Drittanbieters zugreifen, müssen Sie möglicherweise auch die Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzerklärungen des Drittanbieters lesen und akzeptieren.
Wir verpflichten uns, Ihre Daten zu schützen.  Wir haben ein umfassendes Datenschutzprogramm eingerichtet und einen Datenschutzbeauftragten ernannt, damit wir Ihre Datenschutzrechte besser respektieren und schützen können.  Diese Datenschutzerklärung erläutert, welche Daten wir über den Dienst erfassen, wie diese Daten genutzt und/oder an andere weitergegeben werden können, wie wir sie schützen und wie Sie auf diese Daten zugreifen und deren Nutzung kontrollieren können.
Bitte lesen Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung sorgfältig durch, denn wenn Sie auf den Dienst zugreifen oder ihn nutzen, bestätigen Sie damit, dass Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung, einschließlich der Art und Weise, in der wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nutzen, verstehen und akzeptieren.  Wenn Sie mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder mit Änderungen, die wir nachträglich an dieser Datenschutzerklärung vornehmen, nicht einverstanden sind, müssen Sie die Nutzung des Dienstes unverzüglich einstellen.
KURZANLEITUNG ZUM INHALT
INTERNATIONALE NUTZER – ZUSTIMMUNG ZUR VERARBEITUNG UND WEITERGABE VON DATEN
Der Dienst wird in den Vereinigten Staaten betrieben und hat seinen Sitz in den Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen oder die wir infolge Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes erhalten, verarbeitet und in die Vereinigten Staaten übertragen werden können und den dortigen Gesetzen unterliegen. Die Datenschutzgesetze in den Vereinigten Staaten sind möglicherweise nicht gleichwertig mit den Datenschutzgesetzen in Ihrem Wohnsitzland. Indem Sie den Dienst nutzen oder uns Daten über Ihre Vorlieben oder über Sie persönlich zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Daten, die dazu genutzt werden könnten, Sie zu kontaktieren oder persönlich zu identifizieren, wie Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Telefonnummer oder Privatadresse, stimmen Sie der Erfassung, Übertragung, Speicherung und Verarbeitung all dieser Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten und anderen zutreffenden Ländern zu, in denen die Datenschutzgesetze möglicherweise nicht so umfassend oder gleichwertig sind wie in dem Land, in dem Sie wohnen und/oder dessen Staatsangehörigkeit sie besitzen.  Weitere Informationen über die Sicherheitsvorkehrungen im Zusammenhang mit internationaler Datenübertragung finden Sie unter ÜBERTRAGUNG INTERNATIONAL ERFASSTER DATEN.
WELCHE DATEN WIR ERFASSEN
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
In Verbindung mit dem Dienst kann das Unternehmen Daten erfassen, anhand derer Sie identifiziert werden können, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse und andere ähnliche Informationen, die Sie dem Unternehmen zur Verfügung stellen (“personenbezogene Daten”), wenn diese freiwillig an uns übermittelt werden, wie beispielsweise bei einer direkten Anmeldung oder der Anmeldung über ein soziales Netzwerk oder einen Drittanbieter.
Automatisch erfasste Daten
Wann immer Sie den Dienst nutzen oder mit ihm interagieren, kann Arkadium, wie auch jeder Drittanbieter und/oder Dienstanbieter, eine Vielzahl von Technologien verwenden, die automatisch oder passiv Informationen darüber sammeln, wie auf den Dienst zugegriffen und wie er genutzt wird (“Nutzungsdaten”). Nutzungsdaten können zum Teil den Browsertyp, das Betriebssystem, den Gerätetyp, eine Einschätzung Ihres geografischen Standortes in Verbindung mit Ihrer IP-Adresse, den Standort Ihres Mobilgeräts, die gerade aufgerufene Seite, die Uhrzeit, verweisende URLs und andere Daten umfassen, die normalerweise in HTTP-Anfragen übertragen werden. Diese statistischen Daten liefern uns Informationen über die Nutzung des Dienstes, z. B. wie viele Nutzer eine bestimmte Seite besuchen, auf der unser Dienst angeboten wird, wie lange sie auf dieser Seite verweilen, welche Art von Inhalten die Seite enthält, welche Hyperlinks gegebenenfalls angeklickt werden und wie sich Nutzer generell mit einer Seite beschäftigen.  Nutzungsdaten sind im Allgemeinen nicht identifizierend, aber wenn Arkadium sie mit Ihnen als einer bestimmten und eindeutig identifizierbaren Person verbindet, behandelt Arkadium sie als personenbezogene Daten.
IP-Adressen und Gerätekennungen
Wir erfassen auch automatisch die Internet-Protokoll-Adresse (“IP”) oder eine andere eindeutige Kennung (“Gerätekennung”) für jeden Computer, jedes Mobilgerät, jede Technologie und jedes andere Gerät (zusammenfassend “Gerät”), mit dem Sie auf den Dienst zugreifen. Eine Gerätekennung ist eine Nummer, die Ihrem Gerät automatisch zugewiesen wird, wenn Sie auf eine Website oder deren Server zugreifen. Unsere Computer identifizieren jedes Gerät anhand seiner Gerätekennung.  Eine IP-Adresse ist eine Nummer, die Ihrem Computer von Ihrem Internetdienstanbieter zugewiesen wird, damit Sie auf das Internet zugreifen können. Im Allgemeinen ändert sich eine IP-Adresse jedes Mal, wenn Sie sich mit dem Internet verbinden (es ist eine “dynamische” Adresse). Beachten Sie jedoch, dass bei einer Breitbandverbindung, abhängig von den jeweiligen Umständen, Ihre von uns erfasste IP-Adresse oder auch ein von uns verwendeter Cookie möglicherweise Daten enthält, die als identifizierbar angesehen werden können. Bei manchen Breitbandverbindungen ändert sich Ihre IP-Adresse nicht (sie ist “statisch”) und kann mit Ihrem PC in Verbindung gebracht werden. Wir verwenden Ihre IP-Adresse, um zusammengefasste Nutzungsdaten zu melden und zur Verbesserung der Website beizutragen.
Cookies
Ein Cookie ist eine kleine Datenfolge, die vom Dienst gesendet und auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert wird und dem Dienst bei jeder Interaktion mit ihm eine Rückmeldung gibt. Cookies übermitteln keine personenbezogenen Daten über Sie, sondern liefern uns anonyme Informationen darüber, wie Sie den Dienst nutzen. Wir können Sitzungscookies verwenden, d. h. temporäre Cookies, die nach dem Schließen Ihres Browsers verschwinden, und/oder dauerhafte Cookies, die nach dem Schließen Ihres Browsers auf Ihrer Festplatte verbleiben und beim Öffnen einer neuen Browsersitzung neu geladen werden. Im Allgemeinen können Cookies dazu beitragen, dass Sie sich nicht erneut in den Dienst einloggen müssen, wenn Sie dies bereits getan haben. Sie helfen uns und unseren Partnern, die Interessen der Nutzer besser zu verstehen, damit wir Verbesserungen vornehmen können. Darüber hinaus ermöglichen Cookies uns, Ihnen spezifische Inhaltsempfehlungen anzuzeigen, von denen wir glauben, dass sie für Sie von besonderem Interesse sein könnten, und sie können die Nutzung des Dienstes schneller und angenehmer gestalten.
Sie haben die Möglichkeit, Ihren Internet-Browser so einstellen, dass er Sie jedes Mal warnt, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird, oder dass er Cookies vollständig ablehnt. Das Deaktivieren von Cookies kann jedoch dazu führen, dass bestimmte Funktionen nicht verfügbar sind oder nicht optimal funktionieren. Darüber hinaus können wir in diesem Fall unsere Empfehlungen nicht so gut anpassen, wie es ohne das Blockieren von Cookies möglich wäre.
Protokolldateien
Wie bei den meisten Websites erfassen wir und unsere Partnerunternehmen bestimmte Daten automatisch und speichern sie in Protokolldateien. Diese Daten umfassen IP-Adressen, Browsertyp, Internetdienstanbieter, Verweis-/Ausstiegsseiten, Betriebssystem, Datums-/Zeitstempel und Clickstream-Daten.
Wir verwenden diese Daten, anhand derer einzelne Nutzer nicht identifiziert werden können, um Trends zu analysieren, unsere Websites und den Dienst zu verwalten, die Bewegungen der Nutzer auf den Websites und innerhalb des Diensts zu verfolgen und demografische Informationen über unsere Nutzerbasis als Ganzes zu sammeln.
Web Beacons/Pixel-Tags
Ein Web Beacon, auch Single-Pixel (1×1), Clear gif oder Pixel-Tag genannt, ist ein transparentes Bild, das in eine Webseite oder eine HTML-basierte E-Mail eingebettet ist und uns erlaubt, Weblog-Daten zu sammeln. Weblog-Daten werden gesammelt, wenn Sie eine unserer Websites mit dem Computer besuchen, der unsere Website hostet (genannt “Webserver”).  Wir können Web Beacons auch in Werbe-E-Mails einbinden, um festzustellen, ob Nachrichten geöffnet wurden.  Diese Informationen können die Uhrzeit und das Datum eines Seitenaufrufs, die Webseite, auf der sich der Beacon befindet, die von Ihnen besuchten Seiten, die Website, von der Sie kamen, den Typ des von Ihnen verwendeten Browsers (z. B. Internet Explorer), den Typ des von Ihnen verwendeten Betriebssystems (z. B. Windows 7) sowie den Domainnamen und die Adresse Ihres Internetdienstanbieters (z. B. AOL) enthalten.  Web Beacons erkennen keine personenbezogenen Daten, aber sie können uns helfen, das Online-Nutzungsverhalten unserer Nutzer zu verfolgen und die Effektivität unserer Aktivitäten anonym zu messen, indem wir mit ihrer Hilfe unter anderem sehen können, ob bestimmte Websites angesehen oder E-Mails von Empfängern geöffnet werden.  Zwar können Sie Web Beacons nicht ablehnen, aber Sie können einige Web Beacons unbrauchbar machen, indem Sie die zugehörigen Cookies ablehnen. Wenn Sie jedoch die mit einem Beacon verbundenen Cookies deaktivieren, funktionieren einige Dienste möglicherweise nicht einwandfrei.
Analyse von Drittanbietern
Wir nutzen Analysedienste von Drittanbietern, um verschiedene Daten zu analysieren.  Wir verwenden derzeit Google Analytics, einen Dienst, der Website-Verkehrsdaten an Google-Server in den USA übermittelt.  Google Analytics wird in keinem Fall Ihre IP-Adresse mit anderen Daten von Google in Verbindung bringen.  Wir verwenden Berichte von Google Analytics, die uns helfen, den Website-Verkehr und die Website-Nutzung nachzuvollziehen.  Weitere Informationen über die von Google gesammelten Daten und deren Kontrolle finden Sie unter https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.  Mehr über die von Google verwendeten Cookies finden Sie unter https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.
Wir verwenden außerdem Microsoft Application Insights.  Application Insights platziert ein Cookie im Browser der Besucher von Webseiten, das eine Analyse ihres Nutzungsverhaltens ermöglicht. Die durch das Cookie erzeugten Daten über die Nutzung unserer Website werden in der Regel an einen Server von Microsoft in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert.  Diese Daten können neben Ihren Aktivitäten auf der Website auch Informationen wie Betriebssystem, Browser, Bildschirmauflösung sowie Ihre ungefähre Position und IP-Adresse enthalten.  In unserem Auftrag als Website-Betreiber wird Microsoft diese Daten verwenden, um Ihre Nutzung der Website auszuwerten, Berichte über die Website-Aktivität zu erstellen und uns als Website-Betreiber weitere Informationen über die Nutzung der Website und internetbezogene Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen.   Alle diese Informationen sind anonyme statistische Daten, die keiner bestimmten Person zugeordnet werden können. Die Auswertungen dienen lediglich der Fehlersuche und Optimierung der Website und der Anwendung.  Weitere Informationen von Microsoft zum Thema Datenschutz finden Sie unter: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Privacy/default.aspx
Andere Technologien
Wir verwenden mitunter auch andere Arten von lokalen Speichern, wie z. B. “Flash-Cookies”, Authentifizierungstoken und HTML5-Lokalspeicher. Wie Cookies werden diese Technologien auf Ihrem Computer gespeichert, wenn auch in verschiedenen Teilen Ihres Geräts, und erfüllen dort ähnliche Funktionen. Sie können auch verwendet werden, um bestimmte Informationen über Ihre Vorlieben zu speichern. Ihr Internet-Browser kann es Ihnen ermöglichen, HTML5 zu deaktivieren oder Informationen aus dem lokalen Speicher von HTML5 zu löschen, indem Sie die Einstellungen Ihres Browsers ändern.  Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Deaktivierung dieser Technologien die Leistung und die Funktionen des Dienstes beeinträchtigen kann.
Informationen von Drittanbietern
Um unsere Inhaltsempfehlungen an Sie zu verbessern, können wir Dienstleistungen von Drittanbietern in Anspruch nehmen, die bestimmte personenbezogene Daten und Nutzungsdaten bereitstellen, die wir mit den von uns gesammelten Daten abgleichen.
WIE WIR DIE ERFASSTEN DATEN NUTZEN
Arkadium nutzt die Daten, die wir über Sie und von Ihnen sammeln, für eine Vielzahl von Geschäftszwecken.  Im Allgemeinen helfen uns die Daten, die wir über Sie, Ihre Interessen und Ihre Aktivitäten sammeln, den Dienst zu verbessern und Ihnen ein besseres und persönlicheres Angebot zu bieten, indem wir den Dienst an Ihre individuellen Interessen anpassen, unsere Zielgruppengröße und Nutzungsmuster einschätzen und Ihre Suchen beschleunigen können.  Wir können die von Ihnen gesammelten Daten auf eine oder mehrere der folgenden Arten nutzen:
um Ihr Konto zu erstellen und Ihre Ergebnisse auf der Rangliste zu veröffentlichen;
um auf Ihre Anfragen an uns zu antworten, einschließlich Anfragen bezüglich des technischen Supports oder anderer Art;
um Betrug oder potenziell illegale Aktivitäten zu verhindern, Streitigkeiten zu lösen und unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen durchzusetzen;
um Input und Feedback einzuholen und dadurch die Produkte, Dienstleistungen und Benutzerfreundlichkeit des Unternehmens zu verbessern;
wir können auch direkt oder in Partnerschaft mit anderen Anbietern als dem Unternehmen Werbe-E-Mails (“Werbemitteilungen”) versenden, um Nutzer über neue und aktuelle Spiele sowie über neue Produkte zu informieren; und
Nutzungsdaten können in Datenbanken enthalten sein, die dem Unternehmen oder dessen Beauftragten gehören und von ihnen gepflegt werden. Das Unternehmen behält alle Rechte an diesen Datenbanken und den darin enthaltenen Daten.  Anonymisierte Nutzungsdaten werden beispielsweise verwendet, um besser zu verstehen, welche Bedürfnisse die Nutzer haben, wie wir unsere Websites, Produkte und Dienstleistungen verbessern können, um Trends und den Nutzerverkehr zu analysieren und statistische Daten zu sammeln sowie um Spiele zu verwalten und das Gameplay zu verbessern.
WIE WIR INFORMATIONEN TEILEN
Sofern in dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder in den geltenden zusätzlichen Datenschutzbestimmungen nicht anders festgelegt, werden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ohne Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung nicht an Drittanbieter weitergeben. Wir können nicht personenbezogene Daten, wie z. B. zusammengefasste Benutzerstatistiken, demografische Daten und Nutzungsdaten an Drittanbieter weitergeben.   Wie zuvor dargelegt können wir Datenbestandteile, wie eine E-Mail-Adresse oder andere personenbezogene Daten, entfernen und die verbleibenden Daten zusammenfassen oder aggregieren, um Trends im Webverkehr, Präferenzen und Aktivitäten im Zusammenhang mit dem Dienst zu analysieren. Die daraus resultierenden betrieblichen Daten werden nicht mehr als personenbezogene Daten betrachtet.
Wir können Ihre Nutzungsdaten mit denen anderer Nutzer des Dienstes kombinieren, um Trendinformationen in zusammengefasster und anonymisierter Form an Drittanbieter weiterzugeben. Beispielsweise können wir Ihre Nutzungsdaten als Teil einer zusammengefassten Zahl verwenden, um einem potenziellen Partner mitzuteilen, wie viele Personen im Arkadium-Netzwerk jeden Monat Sport-Websites besuchen.
Wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung anderweitig festgelegt, können wir Ihre Daten unter den folgenden Umständen auch so weitergeben, wie sie von Ihnen bereitgestellt wurden:
Dienstleistungen für uns
Um Ihre Anfragen zu erfüllen, verschiedene Funktionen, Dienstleistungen und Materialien über den Dienst zur Verfügung zu stellen, zu analysieren und zu verstehen, wie unser Dienst funktioniert, und um auf Ihre Anfragen zu antworten, können wir in bestimmten Fällen Ihre Nutzungsdaten oder personenbezogenen Daten an Drittanbieter weitergeben, die in unserem Namen (oder im Namen unserer Partner) bestimmte Funktionen ausführen.  Zu diesen Drittanbietern gehören Unternehmen oder Einzelpersonen, die uns bei der täglichen Arbeit mit unseren Diensten unterstützen, E-Mails in unserem Auftrag versenden, den Dienst hosten oder betreiben, Daten analysieren oder Kundendienst leisten.  Diese Vertreter, Auftragnehmer oder Partner dürfen diese Daten nur zur Erbringung von Dienstleistungen für das Unternehmen oder für die Zusammenarbeit mit dem Unternehmen nutzen (z. B. werden einige unserer Produkte durch gemeinsame Vereinbarungen mit anderen Unternehmen entwickelt und vermarktet).  Diese Parteien können ihre eigenen Cookies, Pixel-Tags und ähnliche Technologien auf Ihrem Gerät einsetzen und darauf zugreifen, und sie können anderweitig Daten, einschließlich Nutzungsdaten, über Sie sammeln oder darauf zugreifen.  Wir treffen Vereinbarungen mit allen Drittanbietern, die personenbezogene Daten in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, um sicherzustellen, dass sie dies in Übereinstimmung mit unseren Anweisungen und den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen tun.
Geschäftsübertragung oder -finanzierung
Wir können personenbezogene Daten und Nutzungsdaten sowie alle anderen Daten, die wir über die Nutzer des Dienstes erfasst haben, nutzen, weitergeben und übertragen, im Zusammenhang mit einem geplanten oder tatsächlichen Zusammenschluss, Verkauf (einschließlich aller Übertragungen im Rahmen eines Insolvenz- oder Konkursverfahrens) oder Erwerb eines anderen Unternehmens, der unser Unternehmen ganz oder teilweise oder im Rahmen einer Unternehmensumstrukturierung betrifft, einem Aktienverkauf oder sonstigen Kontrollwechsel oder im Zusammenhang mit der beabsichtigten oder tatsächlichen Finanzierung, Versicherung, Veräußerung, Abtretung oder einem sonstigen Verkauf des gesamten Unternehmens oder eines Teils davon, auch zum Zwecke der Feststellung, ob eine solche Transaktion oder Geschäftsbeziehung fortgesetzt werden soll oder ob Aufzeichnungs- oder sonstige Berichtspflichten gegenüber diesen Parteien erfüllt werden müssen.  Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, Nutzungsdaten und alle anderen Informationen, die wir über die Nutzer des Dienstes gesammelt haben, können aus internen Gründen, vor allem für geschäftliche und betriebliche Zwecke, auch an unsere Tochtergesellschaften oder angeschlossenen Gesellschaften weitergegeben werden.
Gesetzliche Offenlegung
Arkadium kann Daten, einschließlich Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, Nutzungsdaten und Gerätekennung, an Drittanbieter weitergeben, um bestimmten rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, wenn wir in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen, dass das Gesetz dies erfordert. Dies umfasst auch Anfragen von Regierungsbehörden, die eine Untersuchung durchführen, sowie die Überprüfung, Durchsetzung oder Anwendung von Bedingungen oder anderen geltenden Regelungen, die Reaktion auf einen Notfall oder den Schutz der Rechte, des Eigentums und der Sicherheit von Arkadium, unseren Kunden oder anderen. Dies kann auch den Austausch von Daten mit anderen Unternehmen und Organisationen zum Schutz vor Betrug und zur Reduzierung des Kreditrisikos umfassen.
CHILDREN
Der Service ist nicht für Kinder unter 13 Jahren geeignet.  Wenn Sie unter 16 Jahre alt sind, melden Sie sich nicht an und geben Sie keine personenbezogenen Daten über den Dienst oder dessen Funktionen an und registrieren Sie sich nicht und stellen Sie uns auch anderweitig keine Daten über Sie selbst zur Verfügung.  Wir sind nicht verantwortlich für die unabhängige Überprüfung des Alters der Nutzer. Sollten Sie als Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigter erfahren, dass ein Nutzer unter 16 Jahren uns personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung gestellt hat, informieren Sie uns bitte umgehend per E-Mail an click here to see hidden email oder per Post an Arkadium, Inc. 40 West 25th St, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010.
WIE WIR IHRE DATEN SPEICHERN, SICHERN, VERWALTEN UND LÖSCHEN
Arkadium ergreift angemessene administrative und elektronische Maßnahmen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vor versehentlichem Verlust, unbefugtem Zugriff sowie nicht genehmigter Offenlegung oder Nutzung zu schützen. Dies kann die Verwendung von Technologien wie Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) und eine oder mehrere Firewalls beinhalten, die den Zugriff von außerhalb unseres Netzwerks blockieren. Einige dieser Schutzfunktionen sind möglicherweise nur verfügbar, wenn Sie einen aktuellen und unterstützten Browser verwenden.  Von uns gesammelte Daten können in jedem Land, in dem wir geschäftlich tätig sind, auf Computern gespeichert oder verarbeitet werden. Obwohl Arkadium bestrebt ist, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und Ihre Privatsphäre zu schützen, kann keine Sicherheitsmethode oder Firewall garantiert werden, um Daten vor Hackern oder menschlichem Versagen zu schützen. Daher lehnen wir ausdrücklich die Verantwortung und/oder Haftung für den Verlust, den Diebstahl, die Zerstörung oder die versehentliche Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ab. In dem unglücklichen Fall, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten kompromittiert werden, können wir Sie per E-Mail an die letzte E-Mail-Adresse, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, in einer unter den gegebenen Umständen angemessenen Zeit und gemäß den gesetzlichen Bestimmungen benachrichtigen. Es können Verzögerungen bei der Benachrichtigung auftreten, wenn wir die erforderlichen Maßnahmen ergreifen, um den Umfang des Verstoßes festzustellen und eine angemessene Integrität des Systems wiederherzustellen, sowie auf berechtigten Antrag der Strafverfolgungsbehörden, falls festgestellt wird, dass eine solche Benachrichtigung eine staatliche Untersuchung behindern würde.
In Übereinstimmung mit unserer routinemäßigen Datenhaltung können wir bestimmte Daten, wie personenbezogene Daten oder Nutzungsdaten, löschen. Wir sind nicht verpflichtet, diese personenbezogenen Daten oder Nutzungsdaten auf unbestimmte Zeit zu speichern, und lehnen jegliche Haftung ab, die sich aus der Löschung dieser personenbezogenen Daten oder Nutzungsdaten ergibt oder damit in Zusammenhang steht. Darüber hinaus sollten Sie sich darüber im Klaren sein, dass es nicht immer möglich ist, alle Ihre Daten aus unseren Datenbanken vollständig zu entfernen oder zu löschen, ohne dass es zu Restdaten aufgrund von Backups oder anderen Gründen kommt.  Arkadium kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch speichern und nutzen, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, Streitigkeiten beizulegen und unsere Vereinbarungen durchzusetzen.
Wenn wir Ihnen ein Passwort gegeben haben (oder wenn Sie eines gewählt haben), das Ihnen den Zugang zu bestimmten Funktionen des Dienstes ermöglicht, sind Sie dafür verantwortlich, dieses Passwort vertraulich zu behandeln.
WIE SIE AUF IHRE DATEN ZUGREIFEN UND DIESE KONTROLLIEREN
Sie haben bestimmte Möglichkeiten, wenn es um Ihre Daten geht. Nachfolgend finden Sie eine Zusammenfassung dieser Möglichkeiten, wie Sie diese ausüben können und welche Einschränkungen es gibt. Wir werden Anfragen zu diesem Thema innerhalb eines angemessenen Zeitraums beantworten.
Zugriff auf Ihre Daten und deren Einschränkung oder Löschung:
Sie haben das Recht, eine Kopie Ihrer Daten anzufordern, der Nutzung Ihrer Daten (auch für Marketingzwecke) zu widersprechen, die Löschung oder Einschränkung Ihrer Daten zu verlangen oder Ihre Daten in einem strukturierten, elektronischen Format zu erhalten. Im Folgenden beschreiben wir die Hilfsmittel und Vorgehensweise für diese Anfragen. Sie können Ihren für die Rangliste verwendeten Namen bearbeiten, indem Sie sich beim Dienst anmelden und die im Dienst verfügbaren Einstellungen verwenden.  Für alle anderen Anfragen können Sie sich per E-Mail an click here to see hidden email wenden, um Hilfe anzufordern.
Sie können uns auffordern, Ihre Daten zu löschen oder den Zugriff darauf, die Speicherung, Nutzung und anderweitige Verarbeitung zu unterlassen. Dies ist unter anderem sinnvoll, wenn Sie glauben, dass ohne Ihre Erlaubnis ein Konto mit Ihrem Namen erstellt wurde oder wenn Sie kein aktiver Nutzer mehr sind. Wenn Sie uns Ihr Einverständnis gegeben haben, Ihre Daten für einen bestimmten Zweck zu verwenden, können Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen, um diese Einwilligung zu widerrufen, ohne dass dies Auswirkungen auf eine bereits erfolgte Verarbeitung hat. Wenn Sie eine solche Anfrage, benötigen wir möglicherweise Zeit, um Ihre Anfrage zu prüfen und umzusetzen. Wenn es eine Verzögerung oder einen Streit darüber gibt, ob wir das Recht haben, Ihre Daten weiterhin zu nutzen, werden wir jede weitere Verwendung Ihrer Daten einschränken, bis die Anfrage erfüllt oder der Streitfall beigelegt ist. Wenn Sie Einwände dagegen haben, dass Daten über Sie mit einer Drittanwendung geteilt werden, deaktivieren Sie die Anwendung.   Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir unter Umständen auch bestimmte Daten zum Führen von Aufzeichnungen, zur Abwicklung von Transaktionen oder zur Erfüllung unserer gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen aufbewahren müssen.  Für alle vorgenannten Anfragen wenden Sie sich bitte an click here to see hidden email.
Ihre Anfrage und Auswahl kann in bestimmten Fällen eingeschränkt sein: zum Beispiel, wenn die Erfüllung Ihrer Anfrage Daten über eine andere Person offenlegen würde oder wenn Sie uns darum bitten würden, Daten zu löschen, deren Haltung uns gesetzlich erlaubt oder mit zwingenden legitimen Interessen verbunden ist. Wenn Sie uns gebeten haben, Daten an Drittanbieter weiterzugeben, müssen Sie sich direkt an diese Drittanbieter wenden, um Ihre Daten löschen oder den Zugriff darauf beschränken zu lassen. Wenn Sie weitere Bedenken haben, können Sie sich an eine Datenschutzbehörde in dem Land wenden, in dem Sie leben, arbeiten oder sich in Ihren Rechten verletzt fühlen.
Deaktivieren von Kommunikation:
Sie haben immer die Wahl, keine Werbemitteilungen mehr zu erhalten. Wenn Sie von uns Werbemitteilungen erhalten, haben Sie die Möglichkeit, sich “abzumelden”, indem Sie (i) den Anweisungen in der erhaltenen Werbemitteilung folgen oder (ii) Ihre Präferenzen ändern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihnen trotz der von Ihnen angegebenen E-Mail-Präferenzen immer noch administrative Nachrichten zu den Spielen des Unternehmens zusenden können, z. B. administrative Bestätigungen und Hinweise auf Aktualisierungen unserer Bestimmungen.
WIE WIR ERFASSTE DATEN INTERNATIONAL ÜBERTRAGEN
Internationale Übertragung von erfassten Daten
Wir erfassen Daten weltweit und speichern diese hauptsächlich in den Vereinigten Staaten. Wir übertragen, verarbeiten und speichern Ihre Daten außerhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes, wohin auch immer wir, unsere Verlagspartner (auf deren Websites unser Dienst erscheinen kann) oder unsere Drittanbieter zum Zwecke der Bereitstellung der Dienste tätig sind. Wann immer wir Ihre Daten übertragen, unternehmen wir Schritte, um sie zu schützen.
Internationale Datenübertragung innerhalb von Arkadium: Um unsere globalen Aktivitäten zu erleichtern, übertragen wir Daten in die Vereinigten Staaten und ermöglichen den Zugang zu diesen Daten aus Ländern, in denen Arkadium für die in dieser Richtlinie beschriebenen Zwecke tätig ist. In diesen Ländern gelten möglicherweise nicht die gleichen Datenschutzgesetze wie in vielen der Länder, in denen unsere Kunden und Nutzer ansässig sind. Wenn wir Daten von Ihnen innerhalb unseres Unternehmens, auch an unsere Tochtergesellschaften, weitergeben, erfolgt dies auf Grundlage der üblichen vertraglichen Datenschutzvereinbarungen.
Internationale Übertragung an Drittanbieter: Einige der in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Drittanbieter, die uns im Rahmen von Verträgen Dienstleistungen anbieten, haben ihren Sitz in anderen Ländern, in denen möglicherweise nicht die gleichen Datenschutzgesetze gelten wie in dem Land, in dem Sie wohnen. Wenn wir Daten von Kunden im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum austauschen, erfolgt dies auf Grundlage vertraglicher Datenschutzklauseln, verbindlicher Unternehmensregeln für die Übermittlung an Datenverarbeiter oder anderer geeigneter rechtlicher Mechanismen zur Sicherung der Übertragung.
WEITERE WICHTIGE INFORMATIONEN ZUM DATENSCHUTZ
EU-US-Datenschutzschild
Arkadium Inc. entspricht dem EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, wie es vom US-Handelsministerium in Bezug auf die Erfassung, Nutzung und Speicherung von personenbezogenen Daten, die von der Europäischen Union in die Vereinigten Staaten übertragen werden, festgelegt wurde.  Arkadium Inc. hat dem Handelsministerium bescheinigt, dass es die Privacy Shield Principles einhält.  Im Falle eines Widerspruchs zwischen den Bestimmungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den Grundsätzen des Datenschutzes gelten die Grundsätze des Datenschutzes.  Um mehr über das Privacy Shield-Programm zu erfahren und unsere Zertifizierung einzusehen, besuchen Sie bitte https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Im Rahmen des EU-U.S.- und Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework sind wir verantwortlich für die Verarbeitung von Daten über Sie, die wir von der EU und der Schweiz erhalten, sowie für die Weiterleitung dieser Daten an Drittanbieter, die in unserem Auftrag handeln. Wir halten uns an die Privacy Shield Principles für solche Weiterübertragungen und bleiben in Übereinstimmung mit den Privacy Shield Principles haftbar, wenn Drittanbieter, die wir mit der Verarbeitung solcher Daten über Sie beauftragen, dies in einer Weise tun, die mit den Privacy Shield Principles unvereinbar ist, es sei denn, wir können beweisen, dass wir für das schadensverursachende Ereignis nicht verantwortlich sind.
In Übereinstimmung mit den Privacy Shield Principles verpflichtet sich Arkadium Inc., Beschwerden über die Erfassung oder Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unsererseits nachzugehen.  Personen aus der EU mit Anfragen oder Beschwerden bezüglich unserer Datenschutzerklärung sollten sich zuerst an Arkadium Inc. wenden:
click here to see hidden email
Streitbeilegung
Im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung hat sich Arkadium Inc. bereit erklärt, am “VeraSafe Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution”-Verfahren teilzunehmen, wenn eine Beschwerde oder ein Streitfall nicht durch die internen Prozesse von Arkadium Inc. gelöst werden kann. Gemäß den Bestimmungen des VeraSafe Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Procedure stellt Ihnen VeraSafe einen angemessenen und kostenlosen Rückgriff zur Verfügung. Um eine Beschwerde bei VeraSafe im Rahmen des Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Procedure einzureichen, senden Sie bitte die erforderlichen Daten an VeraSafe: https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
Unter bestimmten Bedingungen, die auf der Website von Privacy Shield unter https://www.privacyshield.gov/ ausführlich beschrieben sind, können Sie ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren einleiten, auch wenn andere Streitbeilegungsverfahren ausgeschöpft sind.
Wir unterliegen den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Drittanbieter und andere Websites
Der Dienst kann auch Links zu anderen Websites enthalten, die wir weder besitzen noch betreiben.  Wir kontrollieren, empfehlen oder unterstützen diese Seiten nicht und sind nicht verantwortlich für deren Inhalt, Produkte, Dienstleistungen, Datenschutzerklärungen oder -praktiken. Diese anderen Websites können ihre eigenen Cookies an Ihr Gerät senden. Sie können eigenständig Daten sammeln oder personenbezogene Daten erfassen und haben möglicherweise eine eigene veröffentlichte Datenschutzerklärung.  Die hier beschriebenen Bestimmungen und Verfahren gelten nicht für diese Websites.  Wir empfehlen Ihnen, sich direkt an diese Websites zu wenden, um Informationen über deren Datenschutzpraktiken, Sicherheit, Datenerhebung und -distribution zu erhalten.
Werbung
Wenn Sie bei der Interaktion mit dem Dienst auf einen Link zu einer Anzeige klicken, kann der Werbetreibende ein Cookie auf Ihrem Gerät platzieren. In diesem Fall unterliegen Sie dessen Datenschutzbestimmungen.  Auf Cookies von solchen Drittanbietern haben wir weder Zugriff noch können wir sie kontrollieren.
Außerdem platzieren Drittanbieter Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät, um interessenbezogene Werbung zu betreiben und anzuzeigen, die auf die Präferenzen der Endbenutzer zugeschnitten ist. Diese Technologien von Drittanbietern fallen nicht unter unsere Datenschutzerklärung. Bitte konsultieren Sie die Datenschutzerklärung jedes Drittanbieters für weitere Informationen. Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät platziert werden, können Sie diese von Ihrem Webbrowser blockieren lassen.
Möglicherweise können Sie den Erhalt personalisierter Werbung von anderen Unternehmen ablehnen, die Mitglied der Network Advertising Initiative sind oder die den Selbstregulierungsgrundsätzen der Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising unterliegen. Für weitere Informationen über diese Praxis und um Ihre Möglichkeiten zu verstehen, besuchen Sie bitte unsere Webseite:
http://www.aboutads.info,
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ und
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Gewinnspiele und Wettbewerbe
Von Zeit zu Zeit kann das Unternehmen Nutzern die Möglichkeit bieten, an Gewinnspielen und Wettbewerben teilzunehmen. Dies kann in Verbindung mit unabhängigen Sponsoren geschehen. Die offiziellen Regeln solcher Gewinnspiele und Wettbewerbe entsprechen den damit verbundenen Regeln, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf die Erfassung von zusätzlichen Daten, die möglicherweise nicht unter diese Datenschutzerklärung fallen.
Änderungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir hin und wieder Informationen, die über den Dienst und/oder diese Datenschutzerklärung präsentiert werden, ändern können. Wenn wir wesentliche Änderungen vornehmen, werden wir vor deren Inkrafttreten einen deutlichen Hinweis auf unseren Websites platzieren und Sie möglicherweise auffordern, der überarbeiteten Richtlinie zuzustimmen, bevor Sie den Dienst weiter nutzen. Sie sollten hier regelmäßig nachsehen, ob die Datenschutzerklärung aktualisiert wurde.  Ihre fortgesetzte Nutzung des Dienstes nach der Veröffentlichung von Änderungen der Datenschutzerklärung stellt Ihre Zustimmung zu diesen Änderungen dar.
Diese Datenschutzbestimmungen, die zum Zeitpunkt der letzten Änderung in Kraft getreten sind, treten an die Stelle aller zuvor geltenden Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Einwohner von Kalifornien
Wir geben die personenbezogenen Daten der Nutzer nicht ohne Ihre Zustimmung an Drittanbieter für deren Direktmarketingzwecke weiter. Daher sind wir nicht verpflichtet, eine Liste von Drittanbietern zu führen oder offen zu legen, die Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu Marketingzwecken erhalten haben.  Für den Fall, dass sich diese Richtlinie ändert, werden wir die Nutzer darüber in Kenntnis setzen, z. B. durch die Veröffentlichung einer überarbeiteten Datenschutzerklärung, und Ihnen eine angemessene Möglichkeit zur Verfügung stellen, sich abzumelden.
“Do Not Track”
Do Not Track ist ein freiwilliges Programm unter den Internet-Werbetreibenden, das den Nutzern die Möglichkeit geben soll, sich von Behavioral Targeting und Werbung abzumelden. Es gibt verschiedene Möglichkeiten, wie Ihr Computer ein “Do Not Track”-Signal an bestimmte Websites und Online-Dienste senden kann, die Sie besuchen.  Arkadium und viele oder alle seine Dienste von Drittanbietern, die Analysedaten sammeln, berücksichtigen derzeit nicht die Einstellungen von “Do Not Track”.  Wenn Sie nicht mit der Politik von Arkadium einverstanden sind, den Dienst nicht zu berücksichtigen, besteht Ihre einzige Möglichkeit darin, die Nutzung des Dienstes umgehend einzustellen.
Kontakt
Fragen, Kommentare und Anfragen im Zusammenhang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung sind jederzeit willkommen und sollten an click here to see hidden email oder per Post an Arkadium, Inc., 40 West 25th St, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010, Attn: Data Privacy Officer, Legal Department gerichtet werden.
Letzte Änderung: 22/5/2018


