
Our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important, so we’d like to explain what information we collect when you visit TTIARCH.com (http://www.ttiarch.com), why we collect it and how it is used. We’d also like to explain your options to access and control your information, our data security practices and other matters. This Policy is governed by our Terms of Service.
Special Note about Children
This Site is not intended for children, especially under the age of 13. Children may use this Site only with the direct supervision of their parent.
What Information Do We Collect From You? Why?
We May Profile Users Pseudononymously
We may build a pseudononymous profile of your online habits, interests and activities when you use our Site. This profile will not reveal or be linked to your personal identity. We compile these profiles from “real world” contact information (e.g., street address, phone/fax), email addresses, privately-issued unique identifiers (e.g., UserIDs and passwords), data relating to a specific purchase, information about user PCs (e.g., IP address or browser type), user navigation and browsing patterns, data showing usage of interactive features (e.g., search engine queries), demographic information (e.g., gender, marital status, age, income, job), the personal preferences of users (i.e., favorite color, music, books), user content (e.g., chat postings), and we use these profiles for the purposes described below (please scroll down to each topic for details).
We May Collect Information Needed to Contact You Later
If we collect personal contact information (as described below), you may later access and modify it, and remove it from our system. You may choose simply not to provide personal contact information by opting-out at the point of collection.
We May Collect Your Name, Address and Phone Number
When you use our Site, we may request your name, street address, telephone number or other “real world” contact information.
This information does not inherently reveal and will not be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Your Email Address
We may request your email address, or other information needed to contact you online. This information does not necessarily reveal who you are and we will not link it to your personal identity. We use it to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Other Kinds of Information from You
When you use our Site, we may collect personal information about you described below. You may later access and modify the information, and have it removed. You may choose simply not to provide actively gathered information by opting-out at the point of collection.
You May be Prompted for a UserID and Password
We may ask you to enter a web site ID, password or other identifier. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Purchase Information
We may collect information actively generated by the purchase of a product or service, such as a payment method. This information will not inherently reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Information About Your Computer
When you visit our Site, we may automatically collect information about your computer configuration, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address or ISP domain name. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interets or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Navigation and Clickstream Data
As you browse our Site, we may gather navigational and clickstream data that shows what pages are visited and how long various features are used. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to your during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Interactive Data
You may decide to input data while using certain interactive features at our Site, such as queries submitted to a search engine. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Demographic Data About You
We may request information about your demographic or social characteristics, such as gender, age and income level. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Keep Note of Your Personal Preferences
We may gather information concerning your personal likes and dislikes, such as your favorite color, taste in music, books or other Site content. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Your Online Postings and Content
Certain features of our Site may allow you to contribute content, such as instant messages, chat room postings and the like. Although you may choose to identify yourself in your postings, contributing content does not inherently reveal your personal identity. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
Certain Exceptional Disclosures
We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights or if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct. Disclosure may be required by law or if we receive legal process.
What Are Cookies? Why Do We Use Them?
Cookies are small files stored by your browser in your computer when you visit our Site. We use cookies to improve our Site and make it easier to use. Cookies permit us to recognize users and avoid repetitive requests for the same information. We also use cookies to help build a pseudonymous profile of your online habits, interests and activities as you navigate our site, which we use to individualize your visits. This profile is not linked to your personal identity. We also use cookies to help build a pseudonymous profile of your online habits, interests and activities as you navigate our site, which we use for general research, analysis and reporting. We mostly use “session cookies” that are automatically deleted after each visit. Cookies from our Site can’t be read by other sites. Most browsers will accept cookies until you change browser settings to refuse them.
How Do We Protect Information We Collect?
We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our Site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
How Long Do We Keep User Information?
We generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it. We may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it. In addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely.
Data management requests are administered in an orderly manner to the extent feasible and within our direct control. Note: we have greater control over recently collected data than for archived data. Once data is removed from the system and archived, it may not be feasible to accommodate specific requests. In those cases, our general data retention policy applies.
Your Consent to This Policy
By using our Site, you agree to this Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. Our Terms of Service take precedence over any conflicting Policy provision. We may change our Policy by posting a new version on our Site.
Legal Disclaimer
This Site operates AS-IS and AS-AVAILABLE, without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Policy is governed by Trinidad & Tobago law, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against us must be commenced in the country of Trinidad & Tobago, within one year after the claim arose, or be barred.
If You Have a Privacy Question
If you have a privacy question about our Site, please email:  .


