Dassault Systèmes SE, a French corporate entity registered in the registry of commerce of Versailles under n° 322 306 440, located 10, Rue Marcel Dassault, 78140 Vélizy-Villacoublay, FRANCE, (hereinafter “3DS”)  processes Personal Data (as defined below) in the course of its business, including the Personal Data of people browsing the websites of 3DS (the "Sites").

The purpose of this “Privacy Policy” is to inform all individuals from whom Personal Data is collected by 3DS ("You" or "Your") how 3DS collects and uses such Personal Data and how You can control its use. 

Please, note that this Privacy Policy does not cover the AppsforKids products and services which are subject to a separate privacy policy that can be found on the AppsforKids website.

1. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY 
This Privacy Policy sets forth the principles and guidelines governing the protection of Your Personal Data including the Personal Data collected on or through the Sites. 

3DS collects Personal Data either online (including via email) or offline and this Privacy Policy is applicable regardless of the means of collection or processing.

Personal data ("Personal Data") means any information relating to an identified or identifiable person. An identifiable person is a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to the person. 

Non-Personal Data means any information that does not result in the identification of a person. 

For visitors and users of the Sites: each Site is subject to Terms of Use that can be found on each Site and are incorporated into this Privacy Policy. Your use of the Sites and any Personal Data You provide on the Sites are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the applicable Terms of Use.

2. DATA COLLECTED 
Personal Data likely includes: Title; first and last name; postal address; email address; telephone number(s); login and password; university, degree and courses taken;type of organization (company, school, university, etc.), organization name, organization size, department and job title;industry and industry sub-industry sectors;delivery method and people to whom purchases must be shipped;financial data (credit card number and expiry date, name and address of the cardholder);IP address; and any other Personal Data as may be relevant for the purposes listed below. In all cases, however, the Personal Data gathered is limited to data necessary for the purposes described in Article 4 below.

For visitors and users of the Sites: in order to use certain functions and features of the Site, 3DS requires that You provide certain Personal Data when visiting or using the Site. You are free to decide whether or not to provide all or part of Your Personal Data. However, if You choose not to provide all or part of this Personal Data, the purposes as described in Article 4 hereafter might not be achieved or not properly achieved, some areas and functions of the Sites may not function properly and/or You may be refused access to certain pages on the Site. In particular, You will not be authorized to purchase software licenses or other products or services via the Site.

3.  PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING CHILDREN
 With the exception of the AppsforKids products and services which are subject to a separate privacy policy, 3DS products and services are not designed to be marketed to children under the age of 13 and 3DS does not knowingly collect or store Personal Data from children under the age of 13.

However, certain 3DS products and services may be appropriate for use by children, and in that case children must seek consent from their parents prior to creating a 3DS account. Teachers and school administrators may act in the place of parents and provide consent for the collection of Personal Data from children (schools should always ensure that they have received permission from parents to do so).

If parents become aware that their child has provided 3DS with Personal Data without their consent or without a teacher’s or school administrator’s consent, they can ask 3DS to remove such Personal Data and terminate the child’s account by sending an email to: 3DS.Compliance-Privacy(at)3ds.com. 

If 3DS becomes aware that it has collected Personal Data from a child under 13, 3DS will take steps to seek the parent’s consent for that processing or to remove such Personal Data and terminate the child’s account.

4. PURPOSES OF COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
As stated above, You provide Your Personal Data on a voluntary basis. 

Personal Data is generally collected to carry out the business of 3DS, such as improving 3DS’s marketing and advertising efforts, better tailoring 3DS products and services to customers’ needs or complying with reporting obligations required by law, and similar activities.

3DS collects and uses Your Personal Data for the purpose of carrying out its business, in particular for the following purposes:To enable You to request and receive information on 3DS and 3DS products and services;To provide You with a personalized interactive use of the Sites;To ascertain Your requirements and interests and provide You with the most suitable products and/or services;To allow You to open and maintain an account in order to obtain specialized documentation and technical assistance;To access all the features and options offered by the Sites; To enable You to exchange with other users of the Sites;To enable You to enter a contest;To enable 3DS to manage surveys;To enable 3DS to manage its marketing activities;To enable 3DS to manage its business relationships: sales opportunities, commercial offers, purchasing, contracts, orders, invoices, etc.To provide You with commercial or support-type services;To enable You to purchase software licenses, or products or services, download software and/or  register software licenses; To enable You to register for a seminar, webinar, or event; To enable 3DS to manage its Research & Development activities: developments requests, incidents, quality, tests, etc.;To process an employment application from You and manage the recruitment sources; To manage Your training and/or certification on 3DS products and services; To manage the 3DS Anti-Piracy & Compliance program; andAny other purposes associated with the purpose of carrying out the business of 3DS.Subject to applicable local law, by providing Your e-mail address, You hereby expressly authorize, 3DS and its subsidiaries to use it together with other relevant Personal Data to send You commercial or marketing messages. 

3DS might also use Your email address for administrative or other non-marketing purposes (for example, to notify You significant changes to the Sites). 

5. COOKIES 
The Sites may use cookies -or other technologies- which may collect or store Personal Data. Cookies are text files stored and used to record Non-Personal and Personal Data concerning Your browsing of the Sites. Cookies can be either permanent (and remain after You logoff from the Sites in order to be used on Your subsequent visits to the Sites) or temporary (and disappear as soon as You log off from the Sites).

3DS uses cookies in order to:improve Your user experience through, for example:enabling a service to recognize your device so You don't have to give the same information several times during one task;recognizing that You may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested;analyze traffic and data on the Sites to:measure how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and make sure there is enough capacity to ensure they are fast;help 3DS understand how users interact with services so 3DS can make them better.3DS may also use third party service providers (such as Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Piwik, DART, LinkedIn, etc.) to perform services on its behalf, in particular to: analyze Your browsing habits and measure the Sites audience,analyze Your interests and offer You targeted marketing or advertising,allow You to share content from the Sites with other people on social networks or to let these other people know what You are looking at or what You think (e.g. the “Like” button on Facebook).In such a case, web beacons and cookies provided by such third party vendors may be used and stored. By transmitting the information generated by these cookies, the cookies’ settings ensure that IP address is anonymized before geo-localization and before storage. Our providers will use this information for the evaluation of Your use of the Sites, compiling reports on the Sites activity for 3DS, to propose better services to You which are geared towards Your needs, and propose advertisements You which are geared towards Your needs. They will not associate Your IP address with any other data they hold. 

When you browse the Sites, cookies are enabled by default and data may be read or stored locally on your device. You will be notified the first time You receive a cookie, and then You can decide whether to accept it or refuse it. By continuing to use the Sites, You expressly authorize 3DS to use such cookies.

You can also configure Your browser software to refuse all cookies (including cookies used for web analytics services); if You do so, however, some areas and features of the Sites may not function properly and/or You may not be able to access some parts or services of the Sites.