
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site KukuKlok.com
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
Istok Pavlovic (Kuku Klok) is the data controller and is responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
Contact Details
Our full details are: 
Full name of legal entity: Istok Pavlovic
Email address: shout@kukuklok.com
Postal address: Nehruova 184/12, 11070 Belgrade, Serbia 
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at shout@kukuklok.com.
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU, FOR WHAT PURPOSE AND ON WHAT GROUND WE PROCESS IT
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data.
We may process the following categories of personal data about you:

User Data that includes data about how you use our website, and any online services on our website.
Technical Data that includes data about your use of our website and online services such as your IP address, details about your browser, length of visit to pages on our website, page views and navigation paths, details about the number of times you use our website, time zone settings and other technology on the devices you use to access our website. The source of this data is from our analytics tracking system. We process this data to analyse your use of our website and other online services, to administer and protect our business and website, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business and to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy.
We may use Customer Data, User Data, Technical Data and Marketing Data to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you (including Facebook adverts or other display advertisements) and to measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you. Our lawful ground for this processing is legitimate interests which is to grow our business. We may also use such data to send other marketing communications to you. Our lawful ground for this processing is either consent or legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).

Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect data about you through a variety of different methods including:
Direct interactions: You may provide data by filling in forms on our site (or otherwise) or by communicating with us by post, phone, email or otherwise, including when you give us feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions: As you use our site, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites that use our cookies. Please refer to our Cookie Policy below this Privacy Policy.
Third parties or publicly available sources: Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for other online services, you may give us permission to obtain information from your account with those other services such as analytics providers, advertising networks and search information providers. For example, this can be via social media. Upon acceptance of our policy, we can track your behaviour on our Site from social media, direct, referral, organic or email traffic using Facebook Pixel and Google Analytics. We may also receive personal data about you from public sources.
Advertising, affiliate and referral links: Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our Site. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. In addition, these websites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. We do strive to ensure the links we have on our Site are secure, working and only to products/services/companies we love and trust. Therefore, we review these regularly but cannot be held responsible for what happens when you leave our Site.
Ads appearing on the Site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognise your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
We do not make, and do not allow any of these third parties to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our Site.
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS 
Our lawful ground of processing your personal data to send you marketing communications is either your consent or our legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).  
We will not share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes without your express consent.
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications this opt-out does not apply to personal data provided as a result of other transactions, such as purchases, warranty registrations etc. 
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below:

Service providers who provide IT and system administration services
Government bodies that require us to report processing activities
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets
Security services who protect our website against malicious activity

We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We share your personal data within our group of companies which involves transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
We are subject to the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulations that protect your personal data. Where we transfer your data to third parties outside of the EEA, we will ensure that certain safeguards are in place to ensure a similar degree of security for your personal data. As such: 

We may transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission have approved as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data by; or
If we use US-based providers that are part of EU-US Privacy Shield, we may transfer data to them, as they have equivalent safeguards in place; or
Where we use certain service providers who are established outside of the EEA, we may use specific contracts or codes of conduct or certification mechanisms approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.

If none of the above safeguards is available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, altered, disclosed, or accessed without authorisation. We also allow access to your personal data only to those employees and partners who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they must keep it confidential. 
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under data protection laws you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at shout@kukuklok.com.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive or refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. 
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please read our cookie policy below.
Cookie Policy
What's a cookie?
A "cookie" is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive and which records how you move your way around a website so that, when you revisit that website, it can present tailored options based on the information stored about your last visit. Cookies can also be used to analyse traffic and for advertising and marketing purposes.  
Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system.
Cookies are either:
Session cookies: these are only stored on your computer during your web session and are automatically deleted when you close your browser – they usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page but they do not collect any personal data from your computer; or
Persistent cookies: a persistent cookie is stored as a file on your computer and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again.
Cookies can also be categorised as follows:
Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are essential to enable you to use the website effectively, such as when buying a product and / or service, and therefore cannot be turned off. Without these cookies, the services available to you on our website cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.
Performance cookies: These cookies enable us to monitor and improve the performance of our website. For example, they allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and see which parts of the site are most popular.
Functionality cookies: These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced features. For instance, we may be able to provide you with news or updates relevant to the services you use. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to track your use of our website. This enables us to understand how you use the site and to customize your user experience. It also allows us to improve our website performance, as well as products and or services in response to what you might need or want.
We use Google Analytics to track and improve the performance of our site, as well as the Facebook Pixel to present you with free content, as well as promotions, which are most relevant to you.
How you can control our use of cookies:
If you want to check or change what types of cookies you accept, this can usually be altered within your browser settings. You can block cookies at any time by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you will lose some of the features and functionality of our site.
 

