Our terms and conditionsIntroductionThrough our website we offer comparison services in relation to a number of financial and insurance products and services. Some of these products and services are offered via third party websites which are linked to via our website. Where this is the case you will be bound by the third party's terms and conditions.In these Terms and Conditions, "we", "our" and "us" means Gocompare.com Limited and "you" and "your" means any person who uses our website. Where we refer to "group" we mean Gocompare.com Group plc, you can find the full list of Gocompare.com group companies on our website www.gocompare.com/about/about-gocompare.If you are unsure about any aspect of these Terms & Conditions, or have any questions regarding our relationship with you, please contact us.1. About our insurance servicesWe provide an independent and online insurance and financial products search engine that has been designed to save you time and money. Not only do we strive to find you the most competitive quotes for insurance or financial products and services, we also aim to provide you with the information you need to make an informed choice on which policy or product best suits your needs.We compare car, home, van, bike and pet and breakdown insurance products from a range of insurers. For Home Emergency Insurance we only offer products from a limited number of insurers and you can ask us for a list of insurers we offer insurance from.We will ask you some questions and produce a list of quotations based on the answers you give and provide the information you need to help decide which is the right policy or product for you. This will enable you to make your own choice about how to proceed. We don't offer advice or make recommendations.2. How are we paid?You will not be charged for using our website. Instead, when you use our website to buy a product or service from a third party, that third party pays a commission to us.About Gocompare.comThe CompanyGocompare.com Limited is registered in England and Wales (Company number 05799376) and our registered address is Imperial House, Imperial Way, Newport, Gwent, NP10 8UH, United Kingdom.We are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and our reference number is 465053.  Our permitted business is advising, arranging and making arrangements with a view to transactions in general insurance. You can check this on the Financial Services Register by visiting the FCA's website http://www.fca.org.uk/register† or by contacting the FCA on 0800 111 6768.Use of our websitei. Our website allows you to access our independent online service which compares a number of financial and insurance products and services.ii. You are only permitted to use our website if you are a UK resident and you are using it for personal use.  Commercial use of our website is strictly prohibited and we reserve the right to take steps - including legal action - against any person or company who uses our website or services for commercial use or in any other unauthorised manner. Unauthorised use includes (but is not limited to) breach of copyright, processing multiple quotes for other customers or companies, and other companies checking their prices against those presented on this website.iii. You are not permitted to do anything that may affect the security of our website or any information or material stored within it.iv. You may not operate any link to our website without our first obtaining our written permission.  Any such permission may be revoked without notice and we reserve the right to require you to remove any link immediately and at any time.

What are your responsibilities?1. Insurance obligationsWe will provide you with quotations based on the information you have provided to us.  Where we ask questions to help source quotations, you are responsible for:Answering all questions honestly, completely and to the best of your knowledge, and for ensuring that any assumptions made are correct.Failure to do so may lead to your insurance policy being invalid or an increase in cost. You may also be liable for any third party costs in the event of an accident.a) In order to accept a quotation provided by us you will need to link to the underlying insurance company website and retrieve your details or, where applicable, contact them by phone.b) Before purchasing a policy it is extremely important that all the information the insurance company holds on you is accurate. You should therefore ensure that all information you provide to us is complete and accurate.  Neither we nor any insurance providers will check this information for you.  Again, failure to do this may lead to your insurance being invalid or an increase in the cost of that policy.c) It is important that you read the insurance company's terms and conditions to check that you understand and agree with them. The insurance company's terms and conditions are not the same as ours and they will be the terms you agree to when you accept a quotation.d) It is important that you read all insurance documents issued to you and ensure that you are aware of the cover, limits and other terms that apply.  Failure to comply with the insurer's terms and conditions could invalidate your policy.e) You should also check that all your details on the policy documents are correct, including any assumptions that may have been made on your behalf by the insurer. If the information supplied by you is not correct, it is your responsibility to notify the insurance company.  Failure to inform the insurer of any errors or missing information could invalidate your policy.2. Other obligationsa) You must keep your password confidential and it must not be disclosed to or shared with anyone.  You are solely responsible for all use of your account on our website.b) Where you provide information about any other individual (e.g. a named driver) you are confirming to us that you have their authority to do so.c) You must not misuse our website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, the server on which our website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to it.

What are our responsibilities?We are responsible to you for:i.  any losses you suffer to the extent that they have been caused by errors in our price comparison technology; andii. any claim you may have against us for a personal injury or in respect of your death if caused by our negligence; andiii. any statements made by our employees to you which are not true statements of fact and which are made by that employee with fraudulent intent; andiv. any statements made by our employees to you which are misleading or untrue.v. Except in the case of (ii) or (iii) above (where our liability to you is unlimited), our liability to you will be limited to the upper level of our insurance limit which may vary from time to time.We are not responsible to you for:i. any reliance that you may place on any material or commentary posted on our website. Please note that nothing contained in our website or the material published on it is intended to amount to advice on which you should rely; orii. any losses you suffer because the information you put into our website is  inaccurate or incomplete; oriii. any losses you suffer if the information you put into our website is accurate but the insurer's website has not accurately reflected that information because its system is not working correctly; oriv. any losses you suffer if you misrepresent any fact which may influence the insurer's decision to accept the risk or the terms offered; orv. any losses you suffer because you cannot use our website at any time; orvi. any losses you suffer through connecting to any linked third party websites or any statements, information, content, products or services that are published on, or may be accessible from, any linked third party website and we do not guarantee that they are free from viruses or anything else that could be infectious or destructive; orvii. any errors in or omissions from our website; orviii. any losses you may suffer by relying on any commentary, postings or reviews (of our services or that of our partners) on our website; orix. any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it; orx. the privacy policies and practices of other linked third party websites, even if you access them using links from our website; orxi. any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.

ComplaintsWe set ourselves very high standards and do our utmost to maintain these high standards in everything we do. In rare situations where you may feel those standards have not been maintained we would like you to tell us as this is the only way we will be able to improve our service.How do you do this?Click here to use our online contact forms or contact us in the following ways:Email: feedback@gocompare.comIn Writing: Gocompare.com Limited

Imperial House, Imperial Way,

Newport, Gwent, NP10 8UH

United KingdomTelephone: 01633 654 019Please note that our office opening hours are Monday to Friday 9am to 5.30pm, excluding bank holidays. Calls may be recorded for training, quality and monitoring purposes.If your complaint relates to an insurance company or insurance policy, we will let you know that we have forwarded your complaint to the insurance company and will supply you with their contact details. The insurance company will then reply to your complaint directly.A summary of our internal process for dealing with complaints, which outlines how we will handle your complaint both promptly and fairly, is available on request or by clicking here. If you are still dissatisfied then you may be entitled to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS).We are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). You may be entitled to compensation from the scheme if we cannot meet our obligations. This depends on the type of business and the circumstances of the claim. If you are eligible to claim from the FSCS, compensation is available as follows:Insurance advising and arranging is covered for 90% of the claim, without any upper limitFor compulsory classes of insurance (such as Third Party Motor or Employers Liability), insurance advising and arranging is covered for 100% of the claim without any upper limitFurther information about compensation scheme arrangements is available from the FSCS by calling 0800 678 1100 or 020 7741 4100 or by visiting their website www.fscs.org.uk.†
Privacy policyGocompare.com Limited ("we", "our" or "us") understand how important your privacy is and we take its security seriously. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions and our Cookie Policy.Please note that your use of our services will indicate your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and as having granted us the permissions set out below.
Data protection1. Our GoalThis policy has been developed because we want you to feel confident about the privacy and security of the personal data you enter on our website. We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your information as required by law. Our security procedures mean that we may ask for proof of your identity before we will disclose personal data about you, or to you, be this on our website, via email, or over the telephone.2. Data ControllerThe data controller is Gocompare.com Limited registered in England and Wales (Company number 5799376) and our registered address is Imperial House, Imperial Way, Newport, Gwent NP10 8UH.3. Your right to knowWe comply with and are registered under the data protection laws in the United Kingdom and take all reasonable care to prevent any unauthorised access to your personal data. Under the terms of the Data Protection Act 1998 you have a number of rights. If you require a copy of the personal data we have concerning you, please write to the Data Protection Officer, at the registered address above enclosing a cheque for the administration fee of £10.00 made payable to Gocompare.com. We are entitled to charge you this fee to cover our administrative costs.4. Sensitive Personal DataWe may, where it is necessary to provide you with our services, collect data from you which is considered as sensitive personal data under the Data Protection Act 1998, and pass that data to our insurance partners so that they can provide a quotation to you. Sensitive personal data may take the form of criminal convictions or your medical history.  By continuing to use our website you consent that you are happy for us to do this. If you are not happy, you may stop using our website at any time.

How we use your data to obtain a quoteIn order to provide our services to you we need to collect and process personal data about you and disclose that personal data to a number of third party service providers and insurance partners. This personal data is necessary to provide you with the quotations and services that you have requested. All personal data will be held in strictest confidence and used only for the purposes for providing the service you have requested, subject to certain exceptions as described below.Renewal quotesOur systems may re-submit your quote details when we believe your renewal is due. That personal data will be sent to our insurance partners to calculate and return their quotes and, as part of this process, some partners may carry out soft credit checks. For more information about this, please see the section entitled Credit Searches below.How else do we use your personal data?1. ResearchWe, our nominated sub-contractors, or other companies within the Gocompare.com group of companies may use your personal data to carry out market research and statistical analysis, on a personalised or aggregated basis. This market research and statistical analysis may assist us (and any Gocompare.com group of companies) in improving our website and services offered to you or other individuals in the future.2. Prevention of FraudWe will carry out analysis and research using your personal data in order to prevent or detect fraud. Where we feel it is appropriate to do so, we may share your personal data with the Insurance Fraud Bureau (IFB) and, if necessary, the police. Those bodies may utilise that data to investigate or combat fraud.We contribute personal information regarding fraud, fraudulent behaviour and misuse to a number of databases and registers that have been set up to detect or prevent fraud. We will also provide personal data to our insurance partners, business partners and other third parties such as the police, law enforcement or fraud prevention agencies where we believe it is reasonably necessary for the detection or prevention of fraud. We may also provide personal data to other third parties if the terms of a court order require us to do so. All data to be shared for these purposes will take place in accordance with data protection laws in the United Kingdom.Please also see the section entitled Device Reputation.3. Sales InformationWe will utilise some of your personal data for the purpose of validating the sales data provided by our insurance partners and some third parties.4. Transferring your data outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA")Some processing of your personal data may be undertaken by nominated sub-contractors outside of the EEA. In these circumstances the processing will be undertaken in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998. Your use of our services will be considered to be an indication of your consent to this transfer.Please note that some of our insurance partners may carry out some of their administrative services from outside of the EEA.  Where this is the case it will be set out in their terms and conditions and privacy policy.

What communications will you receive from us?1. Service EmailsAfter completing an application online via our website, you will receive an initial email from us. This email will confirm you have used our website and that your quote has been saved for you.2. MarketingWith your permission, we and other group companies may use your information to keep you informed by post, telephone, SMS, email and/or other electronic means such as via social and digital media about current and new products, services, offers and promotions which may be of interest to you. With your permission, we or a carefully selected third party may also use the personal data you supply to perform market research, contact you to ask for your feedback or to remind you when your renewal date is due. Your personal data may also be disclosed and used for these purposes after your policy has lapsed.We utilise a third party software and storage solution to analyse the personal data that you have provided to us in order to ensure that the marketing that you receive is as relevant and beneficial to you as possible. We retain full ownership of your personal data and ensure that it is secure at all times.If you are not happy for your personal data to be used in this way, you can unsubscribe to remove your details from our contact list. If you have further queries with regards to your personal data, please feel free to contact us.Click here to use our online contact forms or contact us in the following ways:Email: unsubscribe@gocompare.comIn writing: Gocompare.com Limited

Imperial House, Imperial Way,

Newport, Gwent, NP10 8UH

United KingdomTelephone: 01633 654 019Calls may be recorded for training, quality and monitoring purposes.

Data enrichmentshare and match your personal data internally within the Gocompare.com group of companies; andmay validate and analyse your personal data (in some cases, match it against information that has been collected by a third party)We may:to ensure that the personal data is as accurate, consistent and well-organised as possible and to help us to improve the products and services that we offer to you.
As well as ensuring that any marketing material that we send you is appropriate to your needs, this process also ensures that our services continue to be as personalised and customer-focused as possible. (We will only use third party data where the third party can show that the data was collected and processed with consent).

How do our insurance partners use your personal data?Our insurance partners will use your personal data to assess and rate your cover prior to issuing a quotation to you via our website or when you purchase a policy from them. Some of our insurance partners may search external sources (e.g. the edited electoral roll, county court judgments, bankruptcy registers) to assess your application for accuracy. For specialist products such as student insurance, our partners may also search higher education sources to verify your student or graduate status. Searches of this kind may be recorded by credit agencies but they won't affect your credit rating. If you purchase a policy please note that these searches may take place again when your policy is due for renewal.Our partners may use the personal data you provide to obtain a quote for their own internal purposes such as fraud prevention or for internal analysis (such as monitoring customer demographics, market trends or pricing analysis). Some of our insurance partners may also use personal data they hold about you (or which is held by other members of their group or in some instances the company whose brand is administered by them) from loyalty schemes and other account information. Some insurance providers may pass this personal data to their insurance underwriters.PLEASE NOTE that some insurance companies exchange personal data through various databases, including the Claims and Underwriting Exchange (CUE) which holds a record of incidents reported to insurers, which may or may not have given rise to a claim. This exchange of personal data enables insurance companies to verify the personal data that is provided during the quote process (including personal data about any third party who is named on the policy), and also helps to prevent fraudulent claims.Please also refer to the section on insurance provider credit searches below.Do we pass personal data to third partiesExcept as set out in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose any of your personal data to other parties without your permission unless we are legally required to do so by, for example, a court order, for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime, or by a regulator. Also see the section on Confidentiality below.Driving licence number† Undertaking searches using your driving licence number helps insurers check personal data to prevent fraud and reduce incidences of negligent misrepresentation and non-disclosure.If you provide your driving licence number this may be passed to the DVLA in order for a search to be carried out to confirm your (or any named driver's) licence status, entitlement and relevant restriction information and endorsement/conviction data. Searches may be carried out as part of your quote and at any point throughout the duration of your insurance policy. A search with the DVLA will not show on your (or the named driver's) driving licence record. For details relating to personal data held about you by the DVLA, please visit www.dvla.gov.uk Undertaking searches using your driving licence number helps insurers check personal data to prevent fraud and reduce incidences of negligent misrepresentation and non-disclosure.MonitoringMonitoring or recording of your calls, emails, text messages and other communications may take place in accordance with UK law, and in particular for business purposes such as: for quality control and training; processing necessary for the entering into or the performance of a contract; to prevent unauthorised use of our telecommunication systems and websites; to ensure effective systems operation; to meet any legal obligation; in order to prevent or detect crime; and for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the data controller.Please visit the following websites for further information www.ico.org.uk and www.bis.gov.uk.†
Credit searches
Many insurance providers operate a credit scoring system and will carry out checks with credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies, and other public and privately available sources of information. These checks will include electoral roll and credit information.Many insurance providers operate a credit scoring system and will carry out checks with credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies, and other public and privately available sources of information. These checks will include electoral roll and credit information.These insurance credit checks are registered as general insurance searches and may be viewed by other companies when you apply for credit or insurance. These searches should not harm your credit profile or adversely affect your credit profile.PLEASE REMEMBER that while we do not carry out credit searches on our website, our partners may do so at any stage of the quote, renewal or purchase process. This may happen regardless of whether you get a quote via the internet or phone for any of these services.PLEASE NOTE every application you submit for a loan or credit card may affect your credit scoring so you may wish to restrict the number of applications you make to reduce the effect on your credit rating.

Contact from insurance partners1. Help with choosingIf during the quote process you tell us that you are you happy to be contacted, you agree that your personal data may be used by the top two competing service providers who provided you with the cheapest quotes to contact you with a view to seeing if you are interested in purchasing the quoted product.Please note that the companies contacting you are solely based on the cheapest price retrieved not exclusively based on the cover you selected. They are only entitled to contact you regarding the particular quotation and for a limited period of time only. Some insurance partners may also contact you by telephone if you click through to their website to help you with any queries you may have, regardless of their position in the results.2. Unsolicited emails and phone callsIf you click through to a third party website from our website, we cannot guarantee you will not be contacted by those parties. We recommend that you read their terms & conditions regarding your right to opt-in or opt-out of receiving further contact from them.Most websites will send a confirmation email once a quote has been completed on their website but we have put contractual safeguards in place to prevent our insurance partners from sending you unsolicited emails or making unsolicited phone calls. Please let us know if you experience any problems.

Device reputationTo protect both you and us, we use services provided by a third-party to help our insurance providers decide whether to accept transactions from personal computers, mobile phones or other devices that are used to visit our website. We may also use this service to help decide whether to allow these devices to use our services. The third-party service checks whether these devices have been identified with fraudulent or abusive transactions in the past, such as reported instances of identity theft, promotion abuse or credit card fraud.When you complete a quote through our website, we will transmit data concerning certain technical attributes of your device such as the model, operating system, and browser version, as well as its IP address and city, all of which are used to confirm device identification. If we conclude that a device has or may have been used in connection with fraudulent, suspicious or abusive activity involving us or our insurance providers, we may transmit additional information to the third party (including relevant email addresses, customer identification numbers, associated phone numbers, vehicle registration number, or password clue information) that are connected to a suspect device. If you have questions about our use of this device reputation service, please email us on fraudinsight@gocompare.com.Please also see the section entitled 'Prevention of fraud' found under 'How else do we use your data'.Please also refer to the way in which our website uses cookies, which is set out in our Cookie Policy.Confidentialityi. We will endeavour to treat all your personal data as private and confidential. Other than under the terms of this Privacy Policy we will not disclose any personal data about you. Please be aware however that under certain circumstances we may be subject to a legal obligation to disclose personal data about you, or there may be a public duty to disclose that personal data.ii. If relevant, your policy details will be added to the Motor Insurance Database (MID), run by the Motor Insurers' Bureau. The MID may be accessed by the Police in order to establish who is insured to drive a vehicle. If you are involved in an accident (in the UK or abroad) other UK insurance companies or the Motor Insurers' Bureau may search the database to ascertain relevant policy information. Persons with a valid claim in respect of a road traffic accident (including citizens of other countries) may also obtain certain information which is held on the MID. You can find out more at www.mib.org.uk.†iii. Should you decide to complain about the service we have provided to you, we may be obliged to forward details about your complaint, including your personal data, to the relevant ombudsman.  You can be assured that they are similarly obliged to adhere to data protection legislation and to keep your personal data strictly confidential.

Use of cookiesA cookie is a small piece of code, sent from a website sends to a user's internet browser, which allows that website to track the user's previous activity when they return to that website. The way in which our website uses cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy LawThis Privacy Policy is subject to the laws of England and Wales and the exclusive jurisdiction of their Courts.Securityi. Website securityWe use the industry standard secure sockets layer (SSL) 128-bit encryption technology to ensure that all your personal data and transactional information is encrypted before transmission. To check that you are in a secure area of our website look at the bottom of your browser and you will see a closed padlock. All this technology and our policies are to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access or improper use and we will continue to update these measures as new technology becomes available.ii. Third party site securityIf you use links on our website that lead you to external websites (including when you link through to purchase a policy), we will have no control over the way your personal data will be processed. As other websites may handle your personal data in a different way, we recommend that you check the privacy policies of each website that you visit.iii. PasswordsIn order to provide you with maximum protection, we ask you to choose a password to access your data on our website. In many instances, this password will also access the quotes we find for you on the web. Some providers might allocate you a different password, which we will send you information about. Your password is unique to you and helps us to protect your personal data. You must keep this password safe and must not disclose it to anyone. You will need your password to access your personal data and potentially to buy cover through one of the insurance providers. Please contact us if you want to change your password for any reason.If you forget your password don't panic! Simply click on forgotten password.Please be aware that communications over the Internet, such as emails/webmails, are not secure unless they have been encrypted. Your communications may route through a number of countries before being delivered - this is the nature of the Internet. We cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.Intellectual propertyi. We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our website and in the material published on it. This includes, but is not limited to, all trademarks, logos, business names, trading names, design rights, database rights, copyright and any other intellectual property rights.ii. You may print, download or store extracts from our website provided always that:It is used solely for your personal, non-commercial use;You will not copy, transmit or distribute them without our prior written approval;All copies must retain any copyright or other intellectual property notices contained within the original material;You acknowledge that all images displayed on our website are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without the prior written consent of their respective owner(s);No logos, trade marks or service marks displayed on our website may be printed or downloaded, except as part of the text of which they form part;You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, logos, designs or any graphics separately from any accompanying text; andOur status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our website must always be acknowledged.iii. If you print off, copy or download any part of our website in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made (in whatever format).

Legali. These Terms and Conditions apply to your use of our website.ii. By accessing our website you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, together with our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.  If you do not wish to be bound by them then you should stop using our website immediately.iii. We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions from time to time and without notice.  You should therefore check these Terms and Conditions each time you visit our website.iv. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is subsequently considered to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable then that provision should be treated as having been deleted without affecting the validity of the remaining terms.v. These Terms and Conditions (together with our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy) represent the entire agreement between you and us relating to your use of our website. These terms also supercede any previous agreements, including previous terms and conditions of our website.vi. These Terms and Conditions are subject to the laws of England and Wales and the exclusive jurisdiction of their Courts.

T&C23/11/2017This is the version number of our T&Cs.