
RAKFTZ Home Page is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
        that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
        applies to the RAKFTZ Home Page Web site and governs data collection and usage.
        By using the RAKFTZ Home Page website, you consent to the data practices described
        in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
RAKFTZ Home Page collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
        address, name, home or work address or telephone number. RAKFTZ Home Page also
        collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
        your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
        collected by RAKFTZ Home Page. This information can include: your IP address,
        browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
        information is used by RAKFTZ Home Page for the operation of the service, to
        maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
        of the RAKFTZ Home Page Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
        or personally sensitive data through RAKFTZ Home Page public message boards,
        this information may be collected and used by others. Note: RAKFTZ Home Page
        does not read any of your private online communications.
RAKFTZ Home Page encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
        you choose to link to from RAKFTZ Home Page so that you can understand how those
        Web sites collect, use and share your information. RAKFTZ Home Page is not responsible
        for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the RAKFTZ Home Page
        and RAKFTZ Home Page family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
RAKFTZ Home Page collects and uses your personal information to operate the RAKFTZ Home Page
        Web site and deliver the services you have requested. RAKFTZ Home Page also uses
        your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
        available from RAKFTZ Home Page and its affiliates. RAKFTZ Home Page may also
        contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
        or of potential new services that may be offered.
RAKFTZ Home Page does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
        RAKFTZ Home Page may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
        partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
        your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
        number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, RAKFTZ Home Page
        may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
        you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
        such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
        provide these services to RAKFTZ Home Page, and they are required to maintain
        the confidentiality of your information.
RAKFTZ Home Page does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
        as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
RAKFTZ Home Page keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
        RAKFTZ Home Page, in order to determine what RAKFTZ Home Page services are
        the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
        within RAKFTZ Home Page to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
        in a particular subject area.
RAKFTZ Home Page Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
        only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
        necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
        served on RAKFTZ Home Page or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
        property of RAKFTZ Home Page; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
        the personal safety of users of RAKFTZ Home Page, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The RAKFTZ Home Page Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
        experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
        server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
        Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
        domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
        you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
        to a specific page. For example, if you personalize RAKFTZ Home Page pages, or
        register with RAKFTZ Home Page site or services, a cookie helps RAKFTZ Home Page
        to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
        of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
        and so on. When you return to the same RAKFTZ Home Page Web site, the information
        you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the RAKFTZ Home Page
        features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
        accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
        if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
        the interactive features of the RAKFTZ Home Page services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
RAKFTZ Home Page secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
        use or disclosure. RAKFTZ Home Page secures the personally identifiable information
        you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
        unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
        card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
        of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
RAKFTZ Home Page will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. RAKFTZ Home Page encourages you to periodically 
        review this Statement to be informed of how RAKFTZ Home Page is protecting your
        information.
Contact Information
RAKFTZ Home Page welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
        If you believe that RAKFTZ Home Page has not adhered to this Statement, please
        contact RAKFTZ Home Page at webmaster@rakftz.com.
        We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
        problem.
