
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
        that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
        applies to the RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website Web site and governs data collection and usage.
        By using the RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website website, you consent to the data practices described
        in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
        address, name, home or work address or telephone number. RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website also
        collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
        your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
        collected by RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website. This information can include: your IP address,
        browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
        information is used by RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website for the operation of the service, to
        maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
        of the RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
        or personally sensitive data through RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website public message boards,
        this information may be collected and used by others. Note: RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website
        does not read any of your private online communications.
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
        you choose to link to from RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website so that you can understand how those
        Web sites collect, use and share your information. RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website is not responsible
        for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website
        and RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website collects and uses your personal information to operate the RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website
        Web site and deliver the services you have requested. RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website also uses
        your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
        available from RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website and its affiliates. RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website may also
        contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
        or of potential new services that may be offered.
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
        RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
        partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
        your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
        number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website
        may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
        you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
        such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
        provide these services to RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website, and they are required to maintain
        the confidentiality of your information.
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
        as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
        RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website, in order to determine what RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website services are
        the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
        within RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
        in a particular subject area.
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
        only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
        necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
        served on RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
        property of RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
        the personal safety of users of RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
        experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
        server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
        Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
        domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
        you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
        to a specific page. For example, if you personalize RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website pages, or
        register with RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website site or services, a cookie helps RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website
        to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
        of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
        and so on. When you return to the same RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website Web site, the information
        you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website
        features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
        accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
        if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
        the interactive features of the RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
        use or disclosure. RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website secures the personally identifiable information
        you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
        unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
        card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
        of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website encourages you to periodically 
        review this Statement to be informed of how RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website is protecting your
        information.
Contact Information
RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
        If you believe that RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website has not adhered to this Statement, please
        contact RAK Free Trade Zone - Official Website at webmaster@rakftz.com.
        We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
        problem.
