
What security procedures do we have in place to safeguard your personal information?
We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard any personal information given to us. We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal information on our servers. Only authorised personnel are permitted to access personal information in the course of their work.
Access to Information
How can you control the personal information you have given to us?

                You have the right to review the personal information we keep about you. You can request an overview of your personal information by emailing us at suitehelp@booking.com. We kindly request you to please write “Request personal information” in the subject line of your email.
We ask you to keep your personal information accurate and up to date. If the personal information we have about you is incorrect, out-of-date or not relevant anymore for the purposes collected, we will update or remove it at your request. We kindly request you to contact reservations@astonesthrowaway.com. We will respond to your request within 30 days. However, we may need to retain certain information, for example, for legal or administrative purposes, such as record keeping or to detect fraudulent activities.
            
Contact Us

                A Stone's Throw Away controls the processing of personal information collected from the website and via the cookies. A Stone's Throw Away at Tropical Gardens Road & Gambier Heights off West Bay Street, 00000 Nassau, Bahamas. If you have any suggestions, requests or comments about privacy, personal information, cookies and how we handle personal information, you can send an email to suitehelp@booking.com.
            
Booking.com: we have teamed up with Booking.com B.V., located at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE Amsterdam, The Netherlands (www.booking.com) (hereafter Booking.com) to offer you our online reservation services. While we provide the content to this website and you make a reservation directly with us, the reservations are processed through Booking.com. The information you enter into this website will therefore also be shared with Booking.com. This may include personal information such as your name, your contact details, your payment details, the names of guests travelling with you and any preferences you specified when making a booking. Booking.com will send you a confirmation email, a pre-arrival email and provide you with information about the area and the property. Booking.com will also provide you with international customer service 24/7 from its local offices in more than 20 languages. Sharing your details with Booking.com's global customer service staff allows them to respond when you need assistance.
Communication via Booking.com
Booking.com will offer you various means to communicate with us about your reservation through Booking.com. You can contact Booking.com with questions about your reservation via the My Booking Page, the Booking.com app, and via other channels that Booking.com may make available. Booking.com may access such communications and may use automated systems to review, scan, and analyze communications for security purposes; fraud prevention; compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; investigations of potential misconduct; product development and improvement; research; customer engagement, including to provide you with information and offers that they believe may be of interest to you; and customer or technical support. They reserve the right to block the delivery of or review communications that they, in their sole discretion, believe may contain malicious content, spam, or may pose a risk to you, us, Booking.com, or others. Note, all communications sent or received using Booking.com communication tools will be received and stored by Booking.com.

