Privacy policy
This privacy policy will help you understand that ingenie collects information about you if you use our website, driving app. or get in touch for example by email or telephone.
This Privacy Policy should be read alongside our website terms and conditions.
Please note if you have a Learner Driver insurance policy you will not have a black box fitted and can ignore all references to telematics throughout this Privacy policy.
1. Who are ingenie?
ingenie is a brand name used by Ingenie Services Limited an insurance broker that collects personal information when you ask about being provided with insurance.
Ingenie Services Limited is based at The Stables, Thorncroft Manor Thorncroft Drive, Leatherhead, Surrey, KT22 8JB
2. What personal data do we collect to give you a quote?
Ingenie Services Limited will collect and process the following personal data for quotations, product and pricing development and arranging insurance: 

Name and address, date of birth and gender
Telephone numbers and email address
Health, Medical and Lifestyle information
Criminal convictions and motoring offences
Claims and credit history
All the above information about Named Drivers
Vehicle registration number
Credit/debit card, bank details
Contacts details and availability to arrange fitting of a telematics device

3. Why do we collect this information? 
3.1. To enter into and perform a contract for insurance:
We collect and share personal information with and from others with a view to providing you with a contract of motor insurance and to carry out contractual obligations, principally meaning we collect personal data or information from you:

To assess if ingenie insurance might be right for you, and 
To provide and administer insurance, including providing policy documents and providing insurance benefits including handling claims.

We use prospective policyholder and other insured driver’s personal information to check we can provide insurance and a quote. We make automated decisions and carry out profiling using acceptability and price rating tools. If you do not want these automated decisions made about you or other drivers you want to insure, we can’t offer you a quote or insurance.
Where personal information is provided about another insured driver it must be with their consent and you must show them this Privacy Policy because as where the context permits, it applies to them too.
We share information with third parties who provide us with services and products that help us do these things. You can find more information about who we might share your information with, and why, in Section 5 below.
3.2. To manage our legitimate business interests: in general
We must keep records about you, your current and past insurance policies and your history of insurance claims, so we can do our job and properly manage our relationship with you. We’ll also keep records about our correspondence with you. We also have legal and regulatory obligation to maintain these records. We cannot provide our services without these records.
We record and monitor telephone calls for training purposes, to improve our service, and these records may contain some personal data which we use to help us provide products and services, deal with questions or complaints, and to prevent and detect fraud and financial crime.
To evaluate and manage the risks of arranging and carrying out motor insurance we use personal information you provided to prevent and detect fraud. This involves:

Checking your personal information against databases to verify accuracy for example your No Claims Discount and driving licence information 
Checking your personal data with information from fraud prevention agencies and registers. These include the Claims and Underwriting Exchange Register and Motor Insurance Anti-Fraud and Theft Register

If we do find evidence of fraud, it may result in us being unable to provide a quotation or insurance including a renewal, or pay a claim, and could mean a policy is void.
When you visit ingenie.com, with your permission, we use cookies and other automated means to collect information. Details are available at ingenie.com in the website’s Terms and Conditions.
We carry out statistical and trend analysis, which may involve building a profile of the behaviours of policyholders and other named drivers of insured vehicles. This includes sometimes anonymising and combining information about these individuals, and about claims. We do this to help us assess our customers’ demands and needs so we can improve our products.
We use information about you from industry databases alongside information you’ve given us, where it is necessary to help us improve our own computer databases and systems.
3.3. To obtain your consent to marketing
Providing you’ve given us consent, sometimes we’ll get in touch about competitions, surveys or relevant products or services we think you’ll like. We may also get in touch if you start but don’t complete a quote, so we can offer you help.
You can withdraw your consent to our marketing by unsubscribing from the emails we send you or by contacting us at [email protected] This can take up to 5 working days.
3.4. To meet our legal and regulatory obligations:
As a financial services firm subject to UK laws we have obligations to keep our regulators informed, and prevent financial crime. For example, we will notify UK authorities if we have a suspicion that a business transaction with us involves the proceeds of crime or involves individuals or activities in breach of international sanctions.
4. Telematics Data (not applicable to Learner Driver insurance)
The initial quote or price we give you is based on things like your age, your car, how long you’ve been driving and where you live. We work out quarterly premium adjustments based on data from the telematics device in the insured vehicle which rate how the vehicle is driven - if it is driven well you’ll earn money off your starting price, if not the premium can increase.
The telematics device will collect, and process, the following measurements of how the insured vehicle is driven:

Speed throughout a journey 
Braking frequency and force
Braking frequency and force
Acceleration
Miles travelled
Type of routes taken (e.g. A-roads, motorways, country lanes)
Time and date of travel
The insured vehicle’s GPS location

Some data will result in a report being sent alerting us to the possibility of a crash or to tampering with the device or when there is no data network connection.
More information about the way telematics works is available at ingenie.com.
The telematics device does not identify who is driving the vehicle but telematics data and our assessments of driving behaviour can be linked to an individual, for example when we discuss driving feedback with the policyholder, and in the event of a claim.
Telematics data collected from your ingenie telematics device may be used in the assessment of liability in the event of a claim, verifying your declared policy details, and in statistical analysis to assist us in product assessment and development.
If you allow other drivers to use the car during the period of insurance, please note their driving will have an impact on the telematics data collected by ingenie and could impact your premium. We may discuss with the policyholder driver behaviours determined from the telematic data which the policyholder identifies as relating to another driver.
5.	What information do we collect from the Learner driver app?
Available on iOS and Android devices, the ingenie learner driver app collects the following information. 
Data required by the Learner app:

First name and surname 
Email address
Consent for having read terms and conditions
Consent to receive Marketing 

Optional Data we request in the Learner app:

Date of birth 
Booked theory test - if yes, date and time
Booked practical test - if yes, date and time
Result of theory and practical test

Data we will collect with your permission:

Location, motion and notifications
Journey data as follows: Date and time, latitude and longitude, speed and duration

You can choose not to record journey data at any time.
6.	What information do we collect from the ingenie Rewards app?
This app is only available to ingenie customers who have a black box fitted to their car
ingenie Rewards is an app that allows us to collect driving data using your phone and the app. It's only available to ingenie Young Driver customers, it allows us to test out some tech that we're developing. We then enter you into a £1,000 cash prize draw every month as a thank you for testing the app for us.
We may share the results of anonymised driving data collected by the ingenie Rewards app with third parties. If we choose to do this, we will share results at an aggregated level and won’t release any information that can be used in any way to identify you personally.
The app is available on iOS and Android. We collect the following information from the app for the research purposes:
Data collection

We’ll collect various data including your GPS location, direction, changes in acceleration and speed.
We'll also be collecting your phone state data. This tells us if you have dialled or picked up a phone call while driving. We won't record any phone numbers or talking at all
The app is intended to collect only your driving information, but it may collect the driving information of third parties if you’re a passenger. No records will be created that identify any such third parties
To collect your data, power saving must be switched off and the app must not be in the list of 'always sleeping apps' as this puts your app to sleep when it's not being used.

How the data collected will be used

The data being collected will be used to help us develop new products and services.
Except as laid out in these terms and conditions, we will not share any personal data collected from the ingenie Rewards app with any third parties, unless it is needed to provide the prize, in which case we will contact the winner to notify them.
Personal data collected for your ingenie car insurance policy remains covered under the terms of your insurance outlined in your policy wording.

App driving data collection and your ingenie car insurance policy
This data will have NO impact on your ingenie insurance car insurance policy and will not impact your driving feedback messages, your driving score or be taken into account when offering you a renewal price.
Click here to read the full terms and conditions
7.	Who do we share your information with?
To provide services and products as an insurance broker we necessarily share your personal information with:
The insurer who requires it to maintain a record of their insured and the insurance policies issued, and to manage the provision of your insurance and pay claims. Your insurer will be identified on your quotation and later in your policy and they will use personal information in accordance with their own Privacy Policies. Your insurer will be one of the following:
Ageas Retail Limited (ARL) an insurance broker and credit provider in respect of products and services which they arrange and administer on behalf of ingenie:

Motor insurance
A premium Instalment Plan where ARL is a consumer credit provider 
An add-on product or service arranged and administered by ARL, and insured by Ageas Insurance Limited, or
Vehicle identity theft insurance which is administered by Arc Assistance Limited and insured by Inter Partner Assistance SA.

Details of how Ageas Retail Limited will use your data is confirmed in their privacy policy.
SGS Business Process Services Limited (trading as Slater and Gordon Solutions Motor) who if you instruct them to do so handle Young Driver insurance claims on your behalf for uninsured losses including personal injury, loss of earnings and insurance excess payments. Details of how SGS Business Process Services Limited will use your data is confirmed in their privacy policy.
Business partners such as price comparison websites. The information is about the volume and value of each sale to a customer they introduced to ingenie. We provide the information for their own legitimate business interests and where they have given us a contractually binding undertaking that they will comply with data protection laws and regulation. They publish their own Privacy Policy about how they use customers’ personal information.
Other insurance intermediaries or third parties that provide us with services to help us run our business, for example: processing our mail, providing IT systems and admin, maintaining insurance records, maintaining the form and content of policy documentation on our website handling claims and developing and maintaining our databases of quotes and policies.
Organisations that have a legal role like statutory bodies and regulatory authorities.
Other organisations that we must share personal information with by law (for example: a court order from the police or other third-party organisation involved in preventing and detecting crime).
Fraud prevention agencies, who will check and record your data. If you give us inaccurate or false information and we found evidence of fraud then we would share your details with fraud prevention agencies. Law enforcement agencies and other agencies can access this data (for example: when checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities; managing credit and credit related accounts or facilities; recording debt; checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance; and checking details of job applicants and employees). Other organisations may search the databases held by these fraud prevention agencies. If those companies suspect fraud, we will share your personal information with them. The information we share may be used by companies when making decisions about you. We and other organisations may access and use, from other countries, the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies.
The Motor Insurance Database (MID), which keeps records of people who are insured to drive a vehicle. This database can be used by crime prevention agencies. If you have a crash, the MID may share your policy information to interested persons. You can find out more at www.mib.org.uk.
Credit reference agencies that check your credit history to ensure the premium is affordable. This check will be recorded on your credit reference file.
Third parties we use to recover money and debts or who purchase the right to recover money or debts.
Another company, if our business or part of it is bought or taken over by that company. This makes sure your insurance can continue.
Other companies when we are trialling products or services that we hope will improve our own.
Other third parties if you have given us your permission to do so or we believe that they’re acting for you.
Companies in the ingenie Group include, without limitation, Ingenie Services Limited, Ingenie Limited a telematics services provider and any other company incorporated within the ingenie Group at any time in the future.
Third party companies following a re-organisation or resale of ingenie to a third party. In this case, any personal data we hold about you may be transferred to that re-organised entity or third party provided where required by law we have appropriate consent from you. We will contact you in advance of this occurring.
Companies that help us deliver the products and services you buy. For example, we may share your personal data with a credit card company so we can validate your credit card details and complete the payment. We may also need to give your personal data to an organisation that provides add-ons to the main Ingenie Services Limited insurance product, like replacement vehicle or legal cover.
Unless required by law, we never share your personal data without being satisfied that the recipient has appropriate safeguards in place.
8.	How long will we keep your information? 
We will keep information about you only for as long as we need for the purpose for which it was originally collected. In particular, for as long as it is needed to defend, or make, a claim under the terms of an insurance policy and to fulfil our legal and regulatory obligations.
9.	How will we deal with others acting on your behalf? 
To help manage your insurance policy, we’ll sometimes talk to people on your behalf, for example a family member or legal representative with your permission. We’ll only do this after verifying their identity.
To change your contact address or insurance cover, or to cancel your policy, we’ll need to speak to you, a legal representative or someone you have nominated and with whom we are permitted to discuss personal information.
10.	How will we deal with a claim?
In the event of an accident or claim, Policyholders or other insured drivers should telephone the dedicated claims management team. For Young Driver policies please call 0330 303 0021 and for Learner Driver policies please call 0345 165 0563. They will take down all the necessary personal details including those of any third party who may wish to make a claim.
11.	Your rights
You have some legal rights that enable you to monitor and control the personal information we use. 
Please use the contact details available in Section 11 to ask ingenie’s Data Protection Officer for more information about, and how to exercise, any of these rights. 
You have the following personal data rights:

You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data and we are required to be transparent about this. We provide this information in ingenie’s Privacy Policy on ingenie.com when you complete an application for a quote or to buy an insurance policy, when you make a claim under a policy or against a driver of an insured vehicle.
You have the right to access your personal data and supplementary information.
You have the right to have your personal data erased also known as “the right to be forgotten” but the right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances because we do have some legitimate business and legal reasons to refuse.
You have the right to request the restriction or suppression of your personal data so that although we may retain the information we may store the information we cannot make any further use of it. This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances.
You have the right to data portability which allows you to obtain the information, that you gave us, in a commonly used “computer format” so that you can re-use that personal data for your own purposes. This means you can move, copy or transfer this personal data easily on our computer system to another in a safe and secure way, and without affecting its usability.
You have the right to object to our processing which we carry out for our own legitimate business interests including where the processing involves direct marketing (including profiling). This right provides you with the opportunity to put forward particular grounds that we should take into account relating to your particular situation and which override our own business interests, unless we demonstrate that our processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or other more compelling grounds.
We use automated decision making (including profiling) as explained in Section 3, and you may object to this but if you do we cannot provide you with a quote or insurance policy.

You can exercise your rights verbally or in writing and ordinarily ingenie has one calendar month to respond to a request.
In some cases, even when you make a request concerning your personal information, we may not be required, or may not be able, to honour it as this may result in us not being able to fulfil our legal and regulatory obligations, or there is a minimum statutory period of time for which we have to keep your information. If this is the case then we will let you know our reasons.
12.	Use and storage of your information overseas
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored and processed outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We and our service providers may use cloud based computer systems (i.e. a network of remote servers hosted on the internet which process and store information) to which foreign law enforcement agencies may have the power to access. However, we and the service providers that we use will not transfer your information outside the EEA unless it is to a country which is considered to have sound data protection laws, or we have taken all reasonable steps to ensure the firm has suitable standards in place to protect your information.
13.	Information about your use of our websites 
How we use your personal information for ingenie.com and emails:
When you visit ingenie.com or one of the ingenie apps, we may collect information from you like your email address, IP address and other online identifiers. This helps us analyse how people use our website. We use third parties (including Google Analytics) to collate IP addresses, which helps us understand our website traffic.
We may use cookies and/or pixel tags on some pages of our website. A cookie is a small text file sent to your computer. A pixel tag is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of our website but not on your computer. Pixel tags usually work together with cookies to give you a better web experience or to allow us to serve online ads, for example via the Google Ad network.
We’ll ask your permission before using any cookie. If you don’t accept cookies, you may not see the website how it’s intended.
It’s impossible to always keep online data from crossing unsecured networks where it can be accessed by other people. However, we have designed our security to try and keep your data safe and we take this responsibility very seriously.
Necessary cookies

cookies - we set these with the new cookies banner so we know if you’ve seen the banner before.

Other cookies

'WRUID' - this helps us run analytics for our site, which are what give us feedback so we can improve.
'_utma', '_utmb', '_utmc' and '_utmz' - these are Google Analytics cookies, which track and report behaviour anonymously. 
'is_returning' - this cookie tells us if you’re a new visitor or you’ve visited before. 

Third-party cookies
Cookies for some other services (like Facebook, Twitter and DoubleClick) are set by content we’ve embedded in our website. We don't control third parties’ cookies so if you need more information, take a look at their privacy policies.
Our website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to give you more security when you’re entering personal information in your quote. SSL is the industry standard technology for protecting data online, which works by scrambling your information so unauthorised people can’t read it.
Webchat information
ingenie.com uses iAdvize to give visitors web chat. iAdvize uses cookies and JavaScript, which it stores on your computer to help us understand visitor behaviour, including enhancing data and monitoring real-time navigation. The behaviour data the cookies gather (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on iAdvize servers.
iAdvize uses this data to evaluate, report on and keep record of your interaction with the site or the site representatives. iAdvize may disclose such data to third parties when required by law or when they process data for iAdvize.
By using this website, you agree iAdvize using your data in this way.
14.	Contacting the ingenie Data Protection Officer
To discuss or exercise your rights or if you have any questions about how we use personal data, please contact the Data Protection Officer at Ingenie Services Limited, The Stables, Thorncroft Manor Thorncroft Drive, Leatherhead, Surrey, KT22 8JB or email [email protected]
15.	Complaining to the Information Commissioner
If you are unhappy about the way we keep you informed or handle your data you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) which is keen to know if we have appropriate systems and processes in place to manage risks to your personal data and data subject rights and freedoms. They will ensure we deal with any data protection breaches properly for you:
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Telephone: 0303 123 1113 or 01625 545745
Fax: 01625 524510
Website: https://ico.org.uk/
6.	Updating this privacy policy
We will contact you in advance, if we want to make a significant change in the way we use your personal information, for example, if we want to use it for a new purpose. If you do not agree to that change in use let us know when we contact you.
We may add, modify, or remove portions of this privacy policy when we believe it is appropriate to do so. You should review this privacy policy from time to time to make sure you continue to be happy with the way we are using your personal information.



