


News ·
		Chips ·
		Information ·
		Forum ·
		Links ·
		About
BSP ·
		CPU ·
		FPU ·
		MCU ·
		SoC ·
		Other ICs ·
		Curiosities
Privacy PolicyPersonal information collected on CPU-World.com
For all users registered in the forum we collect e-mail address
and other information provided by users during registration.
We use cookies to store username and logged-in status of
all users registered in the forum.
We log search text submitted into site search, S-spec search and
CPU search tools.
We log text that is submitted into CPU identification tool.
For each received page request our server automatically logs
date and time of the request, visitor's IP address, accessed URL, and
browser type.
Many CPU-World pages display advertisements supplied by Google
via their Adsense program. Google tracks all clicks on Adsense ads,
and they may also track visited pages for each site visitor. To
serve targeted ads, based in prior visits to this and other
websites, Google stores cookies in your browser when you view or
click an ad. You can opt-out of this cookie on this
page. Please consult Google privacy policy for more
information.
How personal information is used
Personal information and cookies are used to allow registered
users to access the forum. Some information about registered users,
such as first and last name, is displayed in the forum members list.
We can use registered user's e-mail address to contact him/her
in cases if there is a problem with user's account.
We do not share personal information of our users with third
parties.
Information about all visited pages is used to track abusive
visitors, usually automated software such as spam bots, crawlers,
etc. This information is also used to generate site usage reports.
Logged search text and identification text are used to improve
the quality of search and identification tools. This information may
be also used to track abusive visitors, such as visitors trying to
post spam or break into the site.

If you have any question about privacy policy please contact us. 


Terms and Conditions · Privacy Policy · Contact Us
	(c) Copyright 2003 - 2010 Gennadiy Shvets
  
Search CPU-World
	
	Search site contents:
	

Identify part
	
	Identify CPU, FPU or MCU:
	

Quick Links

Jump to CPU page
You can type in partial CPU manufacturer, family, model and/or number.


Jump to family
Manufacturer:
Family:
Select by:
	
	 Manufacturer
	 Family
	

