
Privacy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Adafruit Industries, LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.adafruit.com/ website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Adafruit Industries, LLC.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Adafruit Industries, LLC may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:

- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.

How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
For authorities & law enforcement - What is Adafruit?
Adafruit was founded in 2005 by MIT engineer, Limor "Ladyada" Fried. Her goal was to create the best place online for learning electronics and making the best designed products for makers of all ages and skill levels. Adafruit's products are "open-source" this means anyone can inspect the source code and designs to learn more. Adafruit has a specific goal of getting young girls in to the STEM fields. We are a proud 100% woman-owned American manufacturing company in New York City, New York, USA. Ladyada was the first female engineer on the cover of WIRED Magazine, she was awarded an EFF pioneer award for her Open-Source work and was named Entrepreneur of the Year by Entrepreneur Magazine. She is also on the NYC Industrial Business Advisory Council. For more information, please visit: https://www.adafruit.com/about.
Law enforcement requests
Adafruit will not release private information except as lawfully required by appropriate legal process such as: subpoena, court order, or other valid legal requests. Adafruit Industries is located in New York City, New York, USA and will respond in compliance with United States laws.
For authorities & law enforcement - How to request information
We will always do our best to assist you, we want to help you catch the bad guys and make the world a safe place just as much as you do. When requesting information from Adafruit, please include the following:
The customer name/business and any products purchased, dates of purchase, etc.Details including specific information and its relationship to your investigation.A valid e-mail address so we may get back in touch with you upon receipt of your legal process.
You can fax Adafruit at: 1-917-210-3397
(Attention: Trust & Safety - Legal Policy)
Or you can mail your request to Adafruit:
Adafruit Industries
Attention: Trust & Safety - Legal
150 VARICK ST
NEW YORK, NY 10013
Please feel free to follow up with [email protected] for any inquires.
Adafruit can only accept legal requests from law enforcement agencies delivered by physical mail or fax. Acceptance of legal process by these means is for convenience only and does not waive any objections, including the lack of jurisdiction or proper service.
Notification of requests
Adafruit may choose to notify users of requests for their information prior to disclosure unless Adafruit is prohibited from doing so by statute or court order (e.g., an order under 18 U.S.C. 2705(b)).
General Inquiries
Other general inquires may be sent via e-mail to: [email protected]
Special Thanks
Adafruit appreciates the work done by Twitter (and SparkFun) for their legal request guidelines.
Changes to this privacy policy
Adafruit Industries, LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Adafruit Industries, LLC
150 Varick Street
New York, New York 10013
[email protected]

This document was last updated - March 2015


