Adafruit Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs how Adafruit Industries, LLC collects, stores, uses, and discloses information about users of adafruit.com. This policy applies to the site, along with related products and services offered by Adafruit Industries, LLC that link to this policy. This policy does not apply to websites, applications, or services that display or link to different privacy statements.
Information You Provide to Us
When a user engages in certain actions on the site, they may provide us with certain kinds of information. This includes activities including but not limited to:
 

Creating, accessing, and updating account information
Placing orders
Subscribing to newsletters
Leaving comments
Sending gift certificates/vouchers
Providing feedback
Sharing wishlists
Creating or updating subscriptions
Signing up for notifications
 
The information provided may include details such as usernames, passwords, email addresses, mailing addresses, phone numbers, order details, payment information necessary to facilitate transactions on the site, and any content they may choose to post or otherwise make available in comments or forum posts.
We may also combine information users provide with data we collect automatically (as further described below).
Information We Collect Automatically

Site Data
We may collect information automatically about users when they visit our site. This may include details about the user’s browser type and installed extensions, operating system, access times, language, IP address, and referring URLs, along with other similar data.

Web Browser Cookies
Our site uses cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to provide features such as account logins and shopping carts, to remember user preferences, to engage in advertising and retargeting, as well as to analyze user behavior. We use web beacons, for example, to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage of our site and tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Third Party Sites and Services
Our site may link to the sites of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content of these sites, and are not responsible for their practices or policies. We recommend our users review the relevant third-party privacy policies to better understand how those sites and services affect their privacy.
Our site employs a variety of third-party services. These include payment gateways, shipping providers, content-distribution networks, advertisers, analytics, and monitoring tools. Some of these services store information about users, and may track individuals across sites, applications, and services. These services may collect information in a similar manner as described above, including, for example, IP address, access times, browser type, language, device type, and device identifiers.
By interacting with the site, certain information about user devices may be exposed to third parties using cookies and other tracking mechanism, these third parties include the entities in the charts below.

Do Not Track (DNT) is a technology which allows users to tell sites they visit that they don’t want to be tracked. It does this by including a special header with each request the browser sends. Where possible without breaking the functionality of our site, we try to honor Do Not Track headers by attempting to serve only third-party services which themselves promise to honor Do Not Track. However, because not all our necessary third-party service providers honor Do Not Track and because implementations may change from time to time, we cannot guarantee that we will always be successful in all cases.
Services with 3rd party cookies:
CDNs and content providers:


Service Name
Function on adafruit.com
Privacy policy

Cloudflare
Content Delivery Network

privacy policy

Amazon S3
Static File Hosting

privacy policy

Google Static CDN
Static file delivery

privacy policy
While we and others give users the choices described in this policy, there are many ways through which web browser signals and other similar mechanisms can indicate user choice to disable tracking, and we may not be aware of nor honor every such mechanism.
How We Use Collected Information
We may collect and use users’ personal information for the following purposes:
 


To improve customer service

Information users provide helps us respond to their customer service requests and support needs.


To improve our site

We may use feedback users provide to improve our products and services.
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.


To provide personalized experiences

To offer our users relevant content and recommendations
To display marketing and advertising tailored to our users on our site and on other sites


To process payments and fulfill orders

We use the information users provide about themselves when placing an order only as described in this policy and to process and fulfill that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent appropriate to provide the service.


To prevent fraud and abuse

We may use the information contained in orders to prevent fraudulent financial transactions and other illicit activity or violations of our terms of service.
We may use network addresses and similar data to block or report abusive and harassing users. In cases involving potential harm to individuals, we may submit personally identifiable information to law enforcement or other third parties.


To send periodic emails

We may use the email address to send users information pertaining to their orders and accounts. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and other requests.
If our users so choose, we may send them emails about products, events, promotions, and offers.

 
How Collected Information is Shared
Our users may share certain of their information, for example, when users post comments or make forum posts. If a user posts comments or forum posts, they should remember that this information, together with certain user profile information, may be available to the public. We cannot control the privacy or security of information that users choose to make public.
With the exception of the behavioral and analytics data described above and except as set forth below, we do not sell, trade, or rent users’ personally identifiable information to others. However, we may share aggregate demographic information, that does not identify any individual user, with our business partners or service providers.
We may share user information in the following ways:
 

With user consent. For example, if a user asks us to share their information with our partners.
For the purposes of a merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding involving the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our business or assets.
For legal, protection, security, and safety purposes. Including to comply with law or regulatory requirements, to respond to lawful requests and legal process, to protect our rights and to protect our network, or in an emergency.
 
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate practices and security measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of personal information.
Data exchange between the site and its users happens over a HTTPS secured connection and is encrypted and authorized by digital signatures.
Information Choices and Changes
Users may send requests about their personal information to us through our contact information below. They can request to change contact choices or marketing choices and to update, access, delete or make other changes regarding their personal information or content that they post on our site. We may not honor all such requests unless required by law.
Regarding tracking technologies, we and our third party service providers provide our users the choices described above. User can also use browser settings to assert choice regarding cookies. Many web browsers accept cookies by default. Users can usually change their browser's settings to reject and/or to remove many cookies. As the precise means by which this can be done will vary from browser to browser, users can view their browser's help menu for more information. These choices will apply only to the specific browser and device from which the choice was made and may not affect activities on other browsers or different devices. Please note also that choosing to reject or remove cookies may prevent certain features or services of our site from working properly. Since cookie opt-out preferences are also stored in a cookie in a browser, please also note that deleting all cookies, using a different browser, or buying a new computer, may require renewal of opt-out choices.
Our marketing emails tell recipients how to unsubscribe from further marketing emails. After opting out, we may still send non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about accounts and orders.
Notification of law enforcement or governmental requests
Adafruit may choose to notify users of requests for their information prior to disclosure where Adafruit is prohibited from doing so by statute or court order (e.g., an
order under 18 U.S.C. 2705(b)).
For more on our law enforcement request policies, please read our Law Enforcement Request FAQs.
General Inquiries
Other general inquires may be sent via e-mail to: [email protected]
Special Thanks
Adafruit appreciates the work done by Twitter (and SparkFun) for their legal request guidelines.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We update this policy in our discretion at any time by posting the amended version here or by providing such notice about or obtaining consent to changes as may be required by applicable law. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: Adafruit Industries, LLC
150 Varick Street
New York, New York 10013
[email protected]
This document was last updated on December 23, 2016
