


www.StMaarten.org is committed to protecting the privacy of the information provided by our registered users, clients, and customers. It is important for us to put forth every effort to assure you of the privacy of any information that you submit to us. Our goal is to earn your loyalty as a client, a customer and/or a registered user of our services. Please read this policy. RegisteringWhen you register, purchase a product, a service, or enter a contest on www.StMaarten.org, we will request detailed information. Your name, address, telephone number, email address, or credit card information may be required. At your direction, we may use your information to make you aware of special deals, specific services and products of interest, or send you notices of site changes or other information. In registering, purchasing a product, a service, or entering a contest on www.StMaarten.org, you are allowing (Opt-In) us to send you future emails about specific features, products, and services, etc. until you ask us to Remove your email address from our database. Whenever you do receive an email from us, we will also indicate how to delete your name from our email (Opt-Out) database. Your Informationwww.StMaarten.org accumulates information about our users collectively; i.e. what sections of the website frequent the most and which services are accessed more than others. This information is extremely helpful in determining what are the products and services of interest to our users so that we can build and produce other useful areas to earn your continued interest and loyalty. In this process, we may employ software, which tracks the level of activity on the different areas of the site. If we share this information with our partners, it is only in the aggregate and continues to protect your privacy.  Under no circumstances do we disclose, sell or rent the personal information, which you have provided to a third party other than where required by law. Of course, excepting where a partner sponsors a contest where necessity dictates that the sponsor requires your information. In this case, www.StMaarten.org is not responsible for your information after the sponsoring company receives it. Cookieswww.StMaarten.org may employ cookies to expedite your experience on our site. Cookies recognize your return visits and eliminate the need for continually inputting a user name and password. Cookies also track preferences and visits to specific pages allowing us to offer a more personalized experience for your visits. Cookies may be disabled, but this will negatively effect your visits to our site. Please understand that cookies do not allow your individual identity to be jeopardized. EncryptionIn any monetary transaction, your information is encrypted using industry standard RC4 1024-bit encryption with SSL Version 3 provided by our transaction processor, which guarantees that the orders and payment information remains totally secure. Childrenwww.StMaarten.org does not knowingly collect information from children. Our travel related services and products are directed at adult users eighteen (18) years of age or older. Contact UsIf you have any questions, please email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Thank you.


 
 
 
  

