
Privacy
Important information
AA Insurance is committed to protecting your privacy and acting in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993. You should read the below Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and Quote Process Terms of Use carefully before using this site, obtaining a quote or taking out insurance.
We encourage you to review this page on a regular basis as it may be updated from time to time.
Privacy Policy
By taking out an insurance policy with AA Insurance:

You authorise us to collect, hold and use your personal information for the purpose of conducting our business, managing claims and providing you with insurance products and services.
You agree to us sharing your personal information with, and obtaining your personal information from other insurance companies, the Insurance Claims Register Ltd, assessors, investigators, suppliers and any other parties that we consider necessary to evaluate and administer any insurance and/or claims.
You authorise us to provide your personal information to our ‘Related Organisations’ such as The New Zealand Automobile Association Limited and Suncorp Group Holdings (NZ) Limited, and to inform you about products and services provided by us, our Related Organisations or companies which are affiliated with either organisation.
By providing us with your contact details, you consent to us and our Related Organisations conducting marketing analysis and sending you marketing material by post, email, SMS or other means. You can change your preferences at any time by contacting us.
We may monitor and record your calls and communications with us for validation, quality assurance and training purposes.
You agree and accept that the information collected will be held by AA Insurance, 46 Sale Street, Auckland Central, 1010.
You may access and correct your personal information at any time pursuant to the Privacy Act 1993.

Queries related to your privacy
If you have a query relating to your privacy or wish to access or correct your personal information that we hold, please contact us.
We have a designated Privacy Officer and a complaints process to address any concerns if needed. If you are not satisfied with the final decision that we make, you can direct your complaint to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner.
A copy of our Privacy Policy can be found on your Policy Schedule.
This page was last updated on: 07 February 2017.

