These Terms and Conditions set forth the terms and conditions under which Indeed, utilizing its internal proprietary Indeed MoBolt software (“Indeed MoBolt Software”), will provide certain services, the Indeed MoBolt services (the “Services”), to a customer of the Services (“Customer”).
1. SERVICES RENDERED AND CONTENT
1.1. The Services. Subject to all limitations and restrictions contained herein, Indeed shall provide Customer with the Services and Customer shall have a nonexclusive and nontransferable right to use the Services as provided by Indeed as described herein (“Services Rendered”). The Services will be performed in accordance with this Agreement and the additional terms in an applicable Insertion Order (“IO”).
1.2. Services Rendered. The purpose of the Services, subject to the terms herein, is: (i) to allow Indeed to create and host a mobile-optimized version of Customer’s existing job application website (hereinafter referred to as the “Customer Indeed MoBolt Website”); (ii) to allow Customer’s job applicants to apply to Customer’s jobs via the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website, and (iii) to allow Indeed to provide the Customer with job applicants’ information entered through the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website in any form agreed to by the parties. The Customer Indeed MoBolt Website will look like Customer’s branded desktop website. Only Indeed has the ability to directly edit or alter the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website. Customer shall not allow any website, that is not fully owned by Customer, to frame, syndicate, distribute, replicate, or copy any portion of Customer’s website that has been directly or indirectly provided the Services. Customer acknowledges that Indeed monitors, reviews and analyzes the content (including your applications and responses) sent through MoBolt to provide you and users with personally relevant product features, such as improved search results and to prevent fraud, reduce unwanted mail, and provide quality control of the information sent through the MoBolt system. Indeed will treat all private information received via the Services in accordance with the Indeed Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and General Terms, as amended from time to time.
1.3. Customer Obligations. Customer hereby covenants and agrees that:
1.3.1. Customer shall be responsible for providing to Indeed content for Customer’s website, including, without limitation, trademarks or service marks, images, photographs, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, and text.
1.3.2. Customer is responsible for maintaining the security credentials of its accounts, and Customer is fully responsible for all activities that occur under the accounts assigned to Customer and any other actions taken in connection with its accounts.
1.3.3. Customer, its employees and its contractors shall comply with all applicable laws.
1.3.4. Customer shall immediately notify Indeed of any unauthorized uses of its accounts or any other breaches of security. Indeed shall not be liable for any acts or omissions by the Customer, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
1.3.5. Customer shall ensure that it has an agreement with each end user of Customer’s job application website (“End User”) that protects Indeed’s rights to the same extent as the terms of this Agreement. The agreement with End Users (“End User Agreement”) must also include terms informing End Users that End User grants Indeed access to and the right to use End User’s data, as provided in Indeed’s Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and General Terms. Indeed agrees that, subject to the foregoing requirements, the End User Agreement need not specifically refer to Indeed. Customer will promptly notify Indeed if it becomes aware of any breach of the terms of the End User Agreement that may affect Indeed.
1.3.6. Customer will allow Indeed’s name to be displayed on the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website for purposes of directing End Users to Indeed’s Privacy Policy.
1.3.7. Customer shall not ask End Users any job application questions, which are provided to End Users through Indeed’s provision of the Services, that are illegal or discriminatory. Customer also shall not seek “Sensitive Data” (defined herein) from End Users in job application questions, which questions are provided to Indeed through the Services. Sensitive Data includes, but is not limited to, highly confidential personal information such as bank account or credit card information, online account information, social security numbers (or similar counterparts outside the United States of America), health information, or other categories of data subject to special breach notification requirements in any country. If Customer chooses to seek Sensitive Data, it does so at its own risk, Indeed disclaims any and all liability for any security breach of such information, and Customer shall indemnify Indeed for any claims that may arise as a result.
1.3.8 Customer shall be responsible for any Cookies dropped on the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website
1.4. Time of Performance of Services. Indeed shall provide Customer with the Services only during the agreed upon period provided for in an applicable IO.
1.5. Fee and Payment. Indeed shall provide Customer with the Services at the agreed upon fee and payment method provided for in an applicable IO. None of the payment represents the license or sale of the Indeed MoBolt Software. Invoices may be provided to you via electronic mail.
1.6. Additional Restrictions. Customer shall not permit any third parties to access the Services.
2. TAXES
2.1. Taxes. The service fees and other amounts required to be paid hereunder do not include any amount for taxes or levy (including interest and penalties). Customer shall pay additionally for any taxes that apply in addition to charges quoted by Indeed, at the time of purchase or at a later date. Customer shall reimburse Indeed and hold Indeed harmless for all taxes or levies which Indeed is required to collect or remit to applicable tax authorities. This provision does not apply to Indeed’s income or franchise taxes, or any taxes for which Customer is exempt, provided Customer has furnished Indeed with a valid tax exemption certificate.
3. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES
3.1. Maintenance. Indeed shall use commercially reasonable efforts to correct reported or self-diagnosed material problems with: (i) the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website; (ii) job applicants’ access to the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website, and (iii) Indeed’s provision of job applicants’ information entered through the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website to Customer (“Maintenance and Support Services”). Indeed shall use commercially reasonable efforts to begin working on a resolution to Customer’s written notice of reported problems within fourteen (14) days, provided corrections shall be prioritized in Indeed’s reasonable discretion. A response is not a guaranty of a solution to the reported problem; however Indeed will keep Customer apprised of the resolution closure. Customer can report material issues with the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website through Indeed’s call center, which is available Monday through Friday from 9:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. EST.
3.2. Service Availability. Indeed’s goal is to provide Service Availability of the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week (referred to as “24×7 Availability”) EXCEPT during times of scheduled internal updates. However, the parties recognize that 24×7 Availability is only a goal. Indeed cannot guarantee that such goal can be achieved. These response time goals apply only to public production servers (i.e. web servers, application servers, and database servers). Indeed shall use reasonable efforts to achieve 99% Service Availability in North America. The Service Availability goal excludes any time Customer requests the Services be paused and the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website be taken down. Indeed does not and cannot control the flow of data to or from Indeed’s network and other portions of the Internet. Such flow depends in large part on the performance of Internet services provided or controlled by third parties. Customer acknowledges and agrees that from time to time the Services may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason, including, without limitation: (i) equipment malfunctions; (ii) periodic maintenance procedures or repairs that Indeed may undertake from time to time; and (iii) causes beyond the control of Indeed or that are not reasonably foreseeable by Indeed, including, without limitation, interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion or other failures. At times, actions or inactions of such third parties can impair or disrupt Customer’s connections to the Internet (or portions thereof). Although Indeed will use reasonable efforts to take actions it deems appropriate to remedy and avoid such events, Indeed cannot guarantee that such events will not occur. Accordingly, Indeed disclaims any and all liability resulting from or related to such events.
3.3. Third Parties. Indeed shall have the right to use third parties, including employees of Indeed’s affiliates and subsidiaries (“Subcontractors”) in performance of its obligations and services hereunder and, for purposes of this Section, all references to Indeed or its employees shall be deemed to include such Subcontractors.
4. OWNERSHIP
4.1. Reservation of Rights. By signing the Agreement, Customer irrevocably acknowledges that, subject to the Services provided herein, Customer will not be provided with the Indeed MoBolt Software used internally by Indeed to provide the Services, the Indeed MoBolt Software is not licensed to Customer, and Customer has no ownership interest in the Indeed MoBolt Software or Indeed materials provided to Customer or utilized by Customer’s End Users. Indeed shall own all right, title, and interest in the Indeed MoBolt Software and Indeed materials, subject to any limitations associated with intellectual property rights of third parties. Indeed reserves all rights not specifically granted herein. Customer shall not make any representations to any End User or any third party that the Indeed MoBolt Software belongs to Customer or is in any way owned or shared by Customer.
5. CONFIDENTIALITY
5.1. Definition. “Confidential Information” includes all information marked pursuant to this Section and disclosed by either party, before or after the Effective Date, and generally not publicly known, whether tangible or intangible and in whatever form or medium provided, as well as any information generated by a party that contains, reflects, or is derived from such information. Confidential Information does not include personal data provided by End Users.
5.2. Confidentiality of Services. All Confidential Information in tangible form shall be marked as “Confidential” or the like or, if intangible (e.g. orally disclosed), shall be designated as being confidential at the time of disclosure and shall be confirmed as such in writing within thirty (30) days of the initial disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following is deemed Indeed Confidential Information with or without such marking or written confirmation: (i) the Indeed MoBolt Software, to which Customer will not be given access; (ii) other materials related to the Services furnished to Customer by Indeed; (iii) the oral and visual information relating to the Services; and (iv) the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
5.3. Exceptions. Without granting any right or license, the obligations of the parties hereunder shall not apply to any material or information that: (i) is or becomes a part of the public domain through no act or omission by the receiving party; (ii) is independently developed by the other party without use of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information; (iii) is rightfully obtained from a third party without any obligation of confidentiality; or (iv) is already known by the receiving party without any obligation of confidentiality prior to obtaining the Confidential Information from the disclosing party. In addition, neither party shall be liable for disclosure of Confidential Information if made in response to a valid order of a court or authorized agency of government, provided that notice is promptly given to the disclosing party so that the disclosing party may seek a protective order and engage in other efforts to minimize the required disclosure. The parties shall cooperate fully in seeking such protective order and in engaging in such other efforts.
5.4. Ownership of Confidential Information. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to convey any title or ownership rights to the Services, the Indeed MoBolt Software used internally by Indeed to provide the Services, or other Confidential Information to Customer or to any patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret embodied therein, or to grant any other right, title, or ownership interest to the Indeed Confidential Information. Neither party shall, in whole or in part, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, or disclose the Confidential Information to any third party and shall not copy, reproduce or distribute the Confidential Information except as expressly permitted in this Agreement. Each party shall take every reasonable precaution, but no less than those precautions used to protect its own Confidential Information, to prevent the theft, disclosure, and the unauthorized copying, reproduction or distribution of the Confidential Information.
5.5. Non-Disclosure. Each party agrees at all times to keep strictly confidential all Confidential Information belonging to the other party. Each party agrees to restrict access to the other party’s Confidential Information only to those employees or Subcontractors who (i) require access in the course of their assigned duties and responsibilities; and (ii) have agreed in writing to be bound by provisions no less restrictive than those set forth in this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indeed may honor subpoenas, search warrants, or law enforcement or court-mandated requests to reveal a Customer or job applicant’s properly requested information.
5.6. Injunctive Relief. Each party acknowledges that any unauthorized disclosure or use of the Confidential Information would cause the other party imminent irreparable injury and that such party shall be entitled to, in addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity, temporary, preliminary, and permanent injunctive relief in the event the other party does not fulfill its obligations under this Section.
5.7. Suggestions/Improvements to Services. Notwithstanding this Section, unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, all suggestions, solutions, improvements, corrections, and other contributions provided by Customer regarding the Services or other Indeed materials provided to Customer shall be owned by Indeed, and Customer hereby agrees to assign any such rights to Indeed. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Indeed from using in any manner or for any purpose it deems necessary, the know-how, techniques, or procedures acquired or used by Indeed in the performance of services hereunder.
5.8. Data Usage. Indeed has the right to use the data provided by Customer or its applicants or otherwise derived from such data, as provided in the Indeed Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and General Terms, each as amended from time to time, and further Indeed may disclose the same in aggregate.
6. WARRANTY
6.1. Authorized Representative. Customer and Indeed warrant that each has the right to enter into this Agreement and that the Agreement shall be executed by an authorized representative of each entity.
6.2. Customer Warranty. Customer hereby represents and warrants:
6.2.1. By making use of the Services, posting material via the Services, posting links via the Services, or otherwise making (or allowing any third party to make) material available by means of the Services (any such material, “Content”), the Customer is entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, a video file, a data feed, or any other content type.
6.2.2. The downloading, copying and use of the Content shall not infringe the privacy rights or proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
6.2.3. The Customer has fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and has done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
6.2.4. The Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
6.2.5. The Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
6.2.6. The Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, does not promote illegal activity, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
6.2.7. The Indeed recruitment marketing platform provided through the Services will not be advertised via unsolicited electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, blogs and websites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
6.2.8. The Indeed recruitment marketing platform provided through the Services is not named in a manner that misleads its users or visitors into thinking that the Customer is another person or company, which it does not have permission to represent.
6.2.9. By submitting Content for inclusion in its recruitment marketing platform, the Customer grants Indeed a worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting same recruitment marketing platform. If the Customer deletes Content, Indeed shall use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Indeed Mobolt Software used internally by Indeed to provide the Services, but the Customer acknowledges that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable. The Customer retains all ownership and copyright to its Content.
6.3. Disclaimer of Warranties. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is not relying on any statement or warranty not expressly provided herein with respect to the Services or maintenance, or other services provided hereunder. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Indeed has no control of availability of the Services on a continuous or uninterrupted basis. In no event shall Indeed be liable to Customer under contract or tort or under any other theory in the event of the Services being inaccessible or inoperable for any reason whatsoever. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND INDEED MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
6.4. No Modifications. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, any and all warranties under this Agreement are VOID if Customer has gained access to and made changes to the Indeed MoBolt Software or has permitted any changes to be made other than by or with the express, written approval of Indeed.
7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY & INDEMNIFICATION
7.1. Liability Cap. IN NO EVENT SHALL INDEED BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER FOR ANY AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE COMPENSATION PAID BY CUSTOMER TO INDEED UNDER THE AGREEMENT IN THE SIX (6) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM THAT GAVE RISE TO THE DAMAGES (“CAP”) AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. CUSTOMER’S SOLE REMEDY IN CONNECTION WITH INDEED’S BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE THE NUMBER OF CLICKS EQUIVALENT TO THE CASH VALUE OF THE CAP.
7.2. Disclaimer of Damages. IN NO EVENT SHALL INDEED BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND AND HOWEVER CAUSED INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, OR GOODWILL EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. CUSTOMER MAY NOT ASSERT ANY CLAIM AGAINST INDEED RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM ACCRUED.
7.3. Indemnification. Customer shall defend, indemnify and hold Indeed and its affiliates and their employees, officers, members, and agents harmless, from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, claims, demands, suits, expenses and any other out-of-pocket costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) which Indeed may incur or be liable for arising out of any claim, suit or proceeding made or brought against Indeed based upon, arising out of, or relating to (i) Customer’s breach of any representation or warranty contained herein; (ii) Customer’s job postings or other content provided via the Services; or (iii) Customer’s use of the Services.
7.4. If the Indeed MoBolt Software used internally by Indeed to provide the Services or the Services becomes, or in Indeed’s opinion is likely to become, the subject of an infringement claim, Indeed may, at its option and sole discretion, (i) obtain for Customer the right to continue to use the Services as provided in this Agreement; (ii) replace the Services with another service that provides similar functionality; or (iii) if Indeed determines that neither of the foregoing options are reasonably available, Indeed may terminate this Agreement as to the infringing Services and will refund to Customer any prepaid fees for which services have not been rendered. The foregoing remedies are Customer’s sole remedies if any of the Services are found, or likely to be found, to infringe on an intellectual property right.
8. TERM AND TERMINATION
8.1. Termination by Indeed. This Agreement and any IO provided hereunder may be terminated by Indeed (i) on five (5) days written notice to Customer if Customer fails to perform any material obligation required of it hereunder; or (ii) Customer files a petition for bankruptcy or insolvency, has an involuntary petition filed against it, commences an action providing for relief under bankruptcy laws, files for the appointment of a receiver, or is adjudicated a bankrupt concern.
8.2. Termination by Customer. This Agreement may be terminated by Customer on five (5) days written notice for any or no reason.
8.3. Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, Customer shall no longer be provided the Services and shall no longer have any access to or any right in use of the Services or the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website.
8.4. Other Remedies. Termination of this Agreement shall not limit either party from pursuing other remedies available to it, including injunctive relief, nor shall such termination relieve Customer’s obligation to pay all fees that have accrued or are otherwise owed by Customer under this Agreement.
9. MISCELLANEOUS
9.1. Compliance With Laws. Customer agrees to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances relating to its performance under this Agreement. The parties agree that the Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods or by UCITA, the application of which is expressly excluded.
9.2. Relationship Between Customer and Indeed. Indeed represents and warrants that it is an independent contractor with no authority to contract for Customer or in any way to bind or to commit Customer to any agreement of any kind or to assume any liabilities of any nature in the name of or on behalf of Customer. Under no circumstances shall Indeed hold itself out as or be considered an agent employee, joint venture, or partner of Customer. Indeed will perform the Services and will determine, in its sole discretion, the manner and means by which the Services are accomplished, subject to the requirement that Indeed shall at all time comply with the applicable law. Customer has no right or authority to control the manner or means by which the Services are accomplished. Indeed agrees to furnish all tools and materials necessary to accomplish the Services.
9.3. Assignment. Customer may not assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any IO provided hereunder whether by operation of law, change of control, or in any other manner, without the prior written consent of Indeed. Any assignment or transfer in violation of this Section shall be null and void.
9.4. Survival. The provisions set forth in Sections 4, 5, 6.2, 6.3, 7, 8.4, and 9 of this Agreement shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement and any applicable IO hereunder.
9.5. Notices. Any notice required under this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effective upon delivery to the party to whom addressed. All notices shall be sent to the applicable address specified on the face page hereof or to such other address as the parties may designate in writing.
9.6. Force Majeure. Except for Customer’s payment obligations, nonperformance of either party shall be excused to the extent that performance is rendered impossible by strike, fire, flood, governmental action, failure of suppliers, earthquake, or any other reason where failure to perform is beyond the reasonable control of the non-performing party.
9.7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all proposals and prior discussions and writings between the parties with respect thereto. For purposes of this Agreement, use of a facsimile, e-mail or other electronic medium shall have the same force and effect as an original signature.
9.8. Modifications. The parties agree that this Agreement cannot be altered, amended or modified, except by a writing signed by an authorized representative of each party.
9.9. Publicity. Indeed shall retain the right to publish and display Customer’s logo and name in Indeed’s portfolio and website, and in periodicals and other media or exhibits for the purposes of recognition of excellence or professional advancement or as part of a customer list. Either party, subject to the other’s approval in writing, may describe its role in relation to this Agreement and, if applicable, the services provided to the other party on its website and in other promotional materials, and, if not expressly objected to, include a link to the other party’s website. Customer shall not release any publications or press releases about the relationship between Indeed and Customer governed by the terms of this Agreement without the prior consent of Indeed.
9.10. No Waiver. No failure or delay in enforcing any right or exercising any remedy will be deemed a waiver of any right or remedy.
9.11. Severability and Reformation. Each provision of this Agreement is a separately enforceable provision. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be or becomes unenforceable or illegal, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary in order for this Agreement to remain in effect in accordance with its terms as modified by such reformation.
9.12. Choice of Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND INTERPRETED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS OF ANY STATE OR JURISDICTION. ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN AUSTIN, TEXAS AND EACH PARTY HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS.
9.13. Arbitration. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof shall be determined by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Rules, including the optional rules regarding emergency relief. The number of arbitrators shall be one (1), and the place of arbitration shall be Austin, Texas, U.S.A., and the language of the arbitration shall be English. The parties may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or conservatory relief as necessary, without breach of this Section and without abridgment of the powers of the arbitrator.
