Last Updated: August 29, 2017
A. The following terms and conditions apply to all Job Seekers, Employers, Publishers and other users who access or use the Site, or otherwise indicate their acceptance to this Agreement.
1. The Indeed Services
Indeed may make available certain job listings and other job-related contents, including links to third-party websites (such listings and other contents, (“Job Listings” or “Job Ads”), through Indeed’s search results or otherwise through the Site. Job Listings are created and provided by third parties over whom Indeed exercises no control; you acknowledge and understand that we have no control over Job Listings. Except for certain sponsored, featured or paid placements, the Job Listings contained on, or linked from, the Site are indexed or posted in an automated manner. Indeed does not have any obligation to screen any Job Listing, or to include any Job Listing in its search results or other listings, and may exclude or remove any Job Listing from the Site for any or no reason. We cannot confirm the accuracy or completeness of any Job Listing or other information submitted by any employer or other user, including the identity of such employer or other user. Indeed assumes no responsibility, and disclaims all liability, for the content, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability, or availability of any Job Listing. You agree that Indeed may also provide search options to narrow down Job Listing search results by job type (i.e. full-time, part-time, etc.), and such job types are created independently and entirely by Indeed, and are not a direct reflection of the actual Job Listing.
1(a) Notice to Users Applying to Jobs Through Indeed: If you are a Job Seeker, any resume or application information that you submit through the Site is subject to this Agreement (including Section 4 below) and to Indeed’s Privacy Policy. Without limiting the foregoing, however, please note that by creating a public Indeed Resume through the Site, you are requesting and authorizing Indeed to make available your resume to any Employer that Indeed believes may have an interest in your resume. By creating or uploading an Indeed Resume, Indeed may contact you to share Job Listings with you that match the contents of your Indeed Resume. In addition, when you indicate your interest in a Job Listing through Indeed Apply (hereinafter, all references on the Site to “Apply Now”, “Easily Apply”, “Simple Apply”, “Apply from your phone”, “Apply with Indeed” or any similar references are referred to as “Indeed Apply”) you are requesting and authorizing Indeed to reformat the job so that you may read it more clearly in your phone, you are sending your resume and application information to Indeed, and you are requesting and authorizing Indeed to make available such application information to the applicable Employer(s) for such Job Listing(s). When you ask Indeed to transmit an application or a message to an Employer via Indeed Apply or Indeed’s relay system, you understand that this is without warranty. Indeed also does not guarantee that any Employer will receive, access, read or respond to any such resume or application material, or that there will be no mistakes in the transmission of the data. However, Indeed may alert you when any of the above events occur.
In addition, by using Indeed, you agree that Indeed is not responsible for the content of the Employer’s application form, messages, screener questions, testing assessments or their format or method of delivery and that Indeed does not guarantee receipt of your application by the Employer, or your receipt of messages from the Employer. Please note that Indeed does not choose the questions asked by Employers or decide the job qualification criteria of Employers. If you require alternative methods of screening or application you must approach the Employer directly to request such as Indeed is not responsible for the Employer application process. 
By using Indeed Apply and answering screener questions, you acknowledge that Employers may have instructed Indeed to send out rejection notices if you have not answered the questions in a manner that the Employer so wishes, and you acknowledge that Indeed has no discretion in the transmission of these rejections. When you apply to a job using the Indeed Apply button, Indeed will attempt to send your application to the contact information provided to us by an Employer or their Agent. We cannot vouch for the validity of such contact information provided to us. If you do not feel comfortable sending an application or messages in this manner, do not use the Indeed Apply or Indeed relay functions and please send your application or messages directly to the Employer by whatever other method you so choose. Additionally, you consent to your application and any responses sent to you by the Employer (including offer letters) through Indeed being processed and analyzed by Indeed according to this Agreement and Indeed’s Privacy Policy. Indeed shall store such information regardless of whether a job vacancy has been filled. Indeed may use your application materials (including public resumes and responses to screener questions) to determine whether you may be interested in a Job Listing, and Indeed may reach out to you about such Job Listing.  Indeed does not guarantee the validity of a job offer and cautions Job Seekers to verify the validity of a job offer before taking an adverse action regarding their current employment situations.
1(b) If you are an Employer, when you create an Indeed account, a Career Page or post a Job Listing on the Site, whether as part of the Indeed Ads Program or otherwise, you agree that this Agreement and all of Indeed’s policies, including the Indeed Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, apply to you and to the Job Seekers using such Career Page or indicating an interest in such Job Listings.  Specifically, when you create an Indeed account, Indeed may require that you verify your identity through a third party service called NetVerify. By using NetVerify, you are submitting your identification documents for verification directly to NetVerify, you are agreeing to share your identification with NetVerify, and you agree that NetVerify is solely responsible for any use or loss of data. Indeed may have access to your identification documents via NetVerify. You also agree that, as a service to Job Seekers, Indeed may activate its Indeed Apply relay function for use in connection with such Job Listing, and that any Job Seekers who wish to indicate an interest in such Job Listing may only do so through Indeed Apply, and that Indeed will send applications to the email address you provide us with. When you use the Indeed Apply relay function, you acknowledge and agree that Indeed may add certain functions into the email, which allows you to take actions regarding the Job Seeker including setting up an interview, viewing a resume and rejecting a candidate, and that you consent to Indeed monitoring and analyzing these actions. When using the Indeed Apply function, Indeed will attempt to send applications to the contact information provided to Indeed by you, the Employer. Indeed has no ability to verify the contact information provided by You. In the event You provide incorrect contact information, it shall be your responsibility to correct, appropriately respond, or take any steps necessary to protect the privacy of such Job Seekers, and you indemnify Indeed for any damages resulting therefrom. In addition, Indeed may, on your behalf, send out reminder emails to Job Seekers you wish to interview. Indeed may also send emails to Job Seekers on your behalf indicating that your Job Listing is potentially a match for the Job Seeker’s resume. Indeed is not responsible for the content of your emails, application form, screener questions or their format, and Indeed does not guarantee delivery, your receipt of the Job Seeker’s emails or application materials, or that there will be no mistakes in the transmission of the data. When you use screener questions, you may be given the option to instruct Indeed to send out rejection notices if the Job Seeker has not answered the questions in the manner set forth in the online instruction. If you choose such option, you agree you are instructing us to send out rejection notices to such candidates and set them to rejected in your Employer dashboard. You further acknowledge that Indeed has no discretion in the transmission of these rejections (which is purely mechanical), that transmission is not guaranteed, and that the Job Seeker may not have answered the screener questions accurately. You agree that Indeed Apply is presented to you without warranty and Indeed assumes no responsibility for the communications between you and the Job Seeker, which communications are yours’ and the Job Seekers’ sole responsibility. By using any automated phone screen product, you agree that you are requesting Indeed to send a Job Seeker a telephone number, which the Job Seeker may call with the purpose of answering your telephone screening questions. You agree these questions are part of your application process, are solely determined by you, and are not being asked by Indeed. You also agree that you are only asking Indeed to record the Job Seeker’s answers to your screening questions and that Indeed will forward you the recording of the answers to your questions. You consent to Indeed listening to and analyzing the recording in accordance with Indeed’s Privacy Policy. When you respond to or contact a Job Seeker who has used Indeed Resume, or Indeed Apply, you are providing information to Indeed and requesting and authorizing us to make available such information to the applicable Job Seeker. Additionally, you consent to Job Seekers’ applications and any responses sent by you (including offer letters) through Indeed being processed and analyzed by Indeed according to this Agreement and Indeed’s Privacy Policy. Indeed shall store such information regardless of whether a job vacancy has been filled. You are responsible for the contents of any Career Page that you create, any Job Listings that you post, and any messages that you send through Indeed Apply or otherwise, including any questions for Job Seekers. You agree that Indeed may reject or remove any Job Listing, any part of any Career Page, or any questions for Job Seekers for any or no reason. You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indeed, its agents, affiliates, and licensors from any third-party claim or liability (including without limitation reasonable legal fees) arising out of any Career Page created by you, or any Job Listing or screener questions (or answers thereto) posted by you, or any message sent by you (including any questions for Job Seekers contained in any of the foregoing). Indeed may provide analytics data regarding your Employer account to anyone at your company at Indeed’s discretion. To the extent permitted by law, if you have an unpaid or outstanding invoice or account balance for any Indeed product, Indeed reserves the right to suspend or terminate your use of that Indeed product as well as any other Indeed product, including but not limited to those Indeed products where you do not have an unpaid invoice or account balance.
1(c) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, when you send, store or receive materials (including Job Listings, resumes, and messages) through or using the Site, Indeed may, for example, use such materials for data analysis, quality control, or to refine the Site or any other Indeed product or service (including to provide better search results and other listings for Job Seekers and Employers), whether via automated means or otherwise. When you send, store or receive materials through or using the Site, Indeed may also inform a Job Seeker that an Employer has taken an action with regards to a Job Seeker’s application such as opening the application, viewing the application and making a decision with regards to the application, and you hereby consent to Indeed taking such actions. Indeed assumes no responsibility, and disclaims all liability, for the content, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability, or availability of any job listing, Career Page, job solicitation, screener question, answer to screener question, resume information you post, send or receive through the Site. If you see any inaccuracy in any such material, it is your responsibility to correct such information or to contact Indeed to do so.
1(d) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, Indeed may use application materials (including resumes and responses to screener questions) to determine whether the words of any Job Seeker’s resume and answers to screener questions match the words of a Job Listing, and vice-versa. Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, you agree and consent that Indeed may differentiate those matching resumes and screener questions from those that do not match, and presenting them to Employers as matches or not matches. Indeed may also use such information in order to improve the Site or any other Indeed product or service (including by displaying or otherwise making available potentially relevant Job Listings and resumes to Job Seekers and Employers).
1(e) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, Indeed may provide certain categories of information to you for informational purposes only. For example, Indeed may provide you with data regarding estimated salaries for a certain Job Listing, or about estimated applies to a Job Listing you may receive as an Employer.  These figures provided by Indeed are estimates given for informational purposes only, and they are subject to change or varying levels of accuracy.  With respect to information regarding estimated applies, if you are an Employer participating in the Indeed Ads Program, please note that this is not the information you are purchasing from Indeed and you are not charged per apply. Indeed may also include salary estimations on pages other than Job Listings on the Site. Please note that all salary figures are approximations based upon multiple third party submissions to Indeed. These figures are given to Indeed users for the purpose of generalized comparison only. Minimum wage may differ by jurisdiction and you should consult the employer for actual salary figures.
1(f) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, Indeed may provide certain types of career-related information on its Site in the Indeed Career Guide. All information contained in the Indeed Career Guide is for informational purposes only, and is in no way to be construed as professional career counseling. You understand that Indeed may give suggestions or information regarding best-practices, however, you understand that it is ultimately your responsibility to determine how to pursue your job search or candidate search. You further understand that in providing the Indeed Career Guide, Indeed is not acting as a job placement agency or staffing firm. You also understand that by referring to the Indeed Career Guide, you are not guaranteed job interviews, job placement or assurance of being hired, and you take full responsibility for use of these services.
1(g) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, Indeed may provide you an online questionnaire relating to your industry and/or your hiring or job searching needs. Indeed may match a Job Seeker’s responses to such questionnaires to determine, on the basis of the Employer’s responses to a questionnaire about its industry and/or hiring needs, whether such Job Seeker would match the Employer’s hiring criteria as specified in the Employer’s questionnaire responses. In the event Indeed determines that a Job Seeker matches the Employer’s hiring criteria, Indeed may connect such matching Job Seeker and Employer by sending a note informing both parties of the match, including but not limited to sending an Employer a short description of a Job Seeker taken directly from the Job Seeker’s responses to the questionnaire. In all events you will know what data we are providing to either a Job Seeker or Employer, or upon which we relied to make the match, because you have actively submitted it. If the Employer and Job Seeker express interest in each other, you agree Indeed may provide the Employer with an email address for the Job Seeker either provided by Indeed or the Job Seeker and, if you are a Job Seeker, you consent to this. Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, by submitting the completed questionnaire, you agree and consent to Indeed (i) conducting such matching, utilizing only material you have submitted through the questionnaire process, (ii) presenting matching Job Seekers to Employers, and vice versa and (iii) storing and analyzing such data submitted in response to such online questionnaires.
1(h) If you are a Job Seeker, you take a variety of actions on our Site. For example, you search for jobs, and Indeed knows and stores the titles of jobs you search for, where those jobs are located, any information, including salary interest or experience of which you have informed Indeed, or the general salary range or experience level of the jobs you view (if indicated on the Job Listings), the Job Listings you apply to, or any of your other behavior on the Indeed site, when you use Indeed. You know exactly what this data is because you are the person who undertook the activity and the data pertains only to your activity. If you have an Indeed account or an Indeed-hosted resume, you agree that Indeed may use this observed factual data to suggest jobs to you and to suggest you or your public resume to Employers that might be interested in a person who matches your behavior on Indeed. You also agree that Indeed may contact you based on this observed behavior for Employers or for Indeed itself. Please note, although information may be sent to you by a third party through the Indeed system, the aforementioned behavior does not include information relayed to you. However, Indeed may publicly display the fact that you have recently used the Indeed Site or the fact that you have recently used the Indeed system to correspond with a third party.
1(i) If you are a Job Seeker located in India, please note that Indeed may automatically send you recommended jobs via the email address you use to create an Indeed account or apply to a job. Indeed may determine what these recommended jobs are on the basis of a variety of factors, including but not limited to, any information you input on the Site about yourself, searches you run on the Site, jobs you click on, jobs you apply to, or the materials you provide in a job application to an Employer through Indeed.
1(j) The Indeed Express Plan is governed by the terms and conditions found in the Indeed Ads Program terms below, with the exception of any billing terms contained in Section 5. Payment. If you have chosen to activate the Indeed Express Plan, please note that you will only be charged the amount listed on the Express Plan page in the Post a Job funnel on the Site (“Express Plan Page”) if you receive the number of qualified applicants described on the Express Plan Page, in the amount of time listed on the Express Plan Page. A Qualified Applicant is defined as an applicant whose answers to the application questions you configure meet your defined requirements. In order to activate this plan, you must configure at least one application question. Once you have activated an Express Plan, you may pause or cancel your job at any time. Once you have received the number of Qualified Applicants listed on the Express Plan Page, your job may be automatically paused. After the amount of time listed on the Express Plan Page has passed, if you reactivate your job, it will be governed by the entirety of the Indeed Ads Program terms.
1(k) Screening Tools:  Indeed may make screening tools available to Employers for Employer use in the application process, including screener questions, phone screen tools and employee assessments. Indeed is licensing these tools to you for your use as you determine. By using any screening product, made available to you by Indeed, you agree that you have made the determination to use these tools as part of your application process, and the substantive questions you ask or choose are solely determined by you, and are not being asked by Indeed.  You are the sole party to determine which answers will qualify a candidate. You are solely responsible for the use of the screening tool including any results which are considered to have a “disparate impact”. You further acknowledge that you are responsible for offering alternative methods of screening, if so required by the Americans with Disabilities Act or any other equivalent state act. Indeed does not warrant that the method of delivery of these questions would be compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act or any equivalent state act. You the Employer agree to indemnify Indeed for any and all claims arising out of an Employer’s  use of a Screening Tool, including any claims that any screening tool does not comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act or that such Screening Tool results in a “disparate impact”.
1(l) Regardless of whether you are a Job Seeker or an Employer, any emails or email notifications corresponding with any actions you take on the Site through the Indeed Apply process are provided solely as a courtesy. Indeed disclaims all warranties with regards to the transmission of such courtesy notices, does not guarantee their delivery or receipt, and does not guarantee the date or time at which they may be sent.
2. External Sites
The Site contains links to other sites on the Internet which are owned and/or operated by third-party vendors and other third parties (the “External Sites”). You acknowledge that Indeed is not responsible or liable for any such third parties or for the availability of, or the materials located on or through, any External Sites. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for the applicable External Site if you have any concerns regarding such links or the materials located on an External Site.
In addition, Indeed may provide you with links to certain third party sites that offer you services for your use or benefit. We may stop offering any such third party sites or services at any time. If you choose to use such third party sites or services, you enter into an agreement with such third party alone at your own risk. When entering into an agreement with such parties, you are giving them your data directly and your rights and their obligations are determined by their privacy policies and terms of service. We are not responsible for any content or services provided these third parties, and disclaim all liability from anything that may occur when you utilize such third parties. We are additionally not responsible for any payment that may be asked of you by such third party. You will be notified on the site that these are third party sites and services, and not Indeed.
3. Use of Site
You are not permitted to use Indeed’s Site or its content other than for non-commercial purposes. Use of any automated system or software, whether operated by a third party or otherwise, to extract data from the Site (such as screen scraping or crawling) is prohibited. Indeed reserves the right to take such action as it considers necessary, including issuing legal proceedings without further notice, in relation to any unauthorized use of the Site. If you wish to make commercial use of the Site, if you wish to make use of the Site in any capacity other than that of a Jobseeker or Employer, or if you wish to purchase Indeed services that utilize the Site, you must have a prior written agreement with Indeed to do so, or have accepted Indeed’s online terms of service. Please contact us for more information. We reserve the right at all times (but will not have any obligation) to terminate users, and reclaim usernames or URLs, for any reason.
4. User Content
Some parts of the Site, such as message boards and forums, may allow users to post Job Listings, resumes, information, text, images, audio, video, messages, and other materials (any such materials that a user submits, posts, displays, or otherwise makes available on or through the Site is referred to herein as “User Content”). Such functionality is designed to help users obtain career and company information, facilitate communication, discuss ways to make career decisions, and to let users know of jobs. User Content is provided by third-party contributors, many of whom may use anonymous screen names. User Content may be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or deceptive. For example, the Site hosts Company Pages, which allow User Content to be posted by individuals that may not be affiliated with the Company who owns the Company Page, including but not limited to the answers to Q&A questions on Company Pages. Indeed does not endorse and is not responsible for any User Content, including any opinion, advice, information, or statement contained therein. You acknowledge that by accessing the Site, you may come into contact with content (including User Content) that you find harmful, offensive, threatening, indecent or objectionable, including, but not limited to, explicit language and other potentially offensive material, and you acknowledge that Indeed shall have no liability with respect to such content.
You must not post any User Content that is unlawful, fraudulent, discriminatory, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable, or that contains sexual, ethnic, racial or other discriminating slurs, or that contains no relevant or constructive content. You must also not post any User Content that contains proprietary information, trade secrets, confidential information, advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, investment opportunities, or other unsolicited commercial communication (except as otherwise expressly permitted by us in writing), or encourages or causes spamming or flooding.
You are prohibited from posting any User Content containing official identification information (whether your own or of another person), such as social security number, passport number, national identification number, insurance number, driver’s license number, immigration number, or any other similar number, code, or identifier. Posting such identification information may lead to identity theft and other adverse consequences. Indeed may remove any such identification information, but does not undertake any obligation to do so, and has no responsibility and disclaims all liability for any posting of such identification information. Indeed reserves the right to change the display of resume on its Site, including, but not limited to, hiding fields, rearranging its format, and changing visual elements.
Although Indeed has no obligation to do so, Indeed may monitor User Content, and reserves the right to delete any User Content or portion thereof that, in Indeed’s sole discretion, violates the above rules, including any User Content that is unrelated to the specific portion of the Site on which it is posted, or that is an advertisement, recruiting or other commercial message, or that Indeed deems in its sole discretion to be inappropriate. If you believe that any User Content violates this Agreement or our policies, please contact Indeed immediately so that we may have the opportunity to consider its removal. For clarity, Indeed does not have any obligation to remove any User Content, and the interpretation of whether any User Content violates any Indeed policy will always remain within the sole discretion of Indeed.
Indeed reserves the right to disclose all User Content and other relevant information, and the circumstances surrounding their transmission, to any third party in connection with operating the Site; to protect itself, its affiliates, its partners and its visitors; and to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests. This means, for example, that Indeed may honor subpoenas, search warrants, law enforcement or court-mandated requests to reveal a user’s electronic address and identity, or other properly requested information. As an Employer, when you post a Job Listing on Indeed that you choose to list as confidential, your identity may be discoverable by request from the government or law enforcement.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Indeed reserves the right (but is under no obligation) to remove any Job Listing that directly or indirectly discriminates against Job Seekers. Direct discrimination means, for example, that a Job Listing specifically makes clear that only Job Seekers matching a certain criteria are wanted, thereby excluding others because of, for example, their gender, race, age or disability. Indirect discrimination means, for example, that a Job Listing implicitly excludes certain classes of Job Seekers by making it impossible for them to qualify for the job requirements. You understand and agree that it is your responsibility to refrain from posting any Job Listing that directly or indirectly discriminate against Job Seekers or otherwise violate applicable law.
Please note: Section 230 of the U.S. Communications Decency Act provides that:
(1) Treatment of publisher or speaker
No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider.
(2) Civil liability
No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be held liable on account of-
(A) any action voluntarily taken in good faith to restrict access to or availability of material that the provider or user considers to be obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable, whether or not such material is constitutionally protected; or
(B) any action taken to enable or make available to information content providers or others the technical means to restrict access to material described in paragraph (1).
5. License to User Content and Feedback
Only to the extent permitted by law, if you post content or submit material to Indeed, including photographs or material you submit for a job solicitation hosted on Indeed, you grant Indeed a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, (revocable only as described below), fully paid, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple layers of sub-licensees) right and license to make, use, sell, sublicense, reproduce, distribute, perform, display, prepare derivative works from and otherwise exploit all such content and materials for the purpose of publishing material on the Indeed website or its publisher partners, maintaining the Indeed website and promoting Indeed without restriction. Furthermore, you grant to Indeed, its affiliates, and sublicensees the license to use your name, user name, and/or trademarks and logos in connection with any such User Content or Indeed marketing materials, or actions by Indeed to promote or publicize such User Content (e.g. Job Listings) including the use of keywords in third-party internet search engines. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any Employer(s) submits photographs to Indeed for association with a particular Job Listing, Indeed shall not post such content anywhere other than the Employer(s)’s Job Listing.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content that you submit, post, display, or otherwise make available on or through the Site, or that you otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this section, (ii) such User Content, and its submission, posting, display or availability on or through the Site does not violate applicable law or the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, intellectual property rights or any other rights of any person or entity, and (iii) such submission, posting, display or availability on or through the Site does not result in any breach of contract between you and any third party. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, damages, and any other monies owed to any person or entity by reason of such User Content. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Indeed and its affiliates from any claims resulting from any such User Content. If you wish to request to revoke the license granted by you in this Section for any such User Content, please send a certified letter of request to the postal address listed above with a copy of your passport or national identity card (for identity verification purposes) and request removal of such User Content. Your certified letter of request must include (a) the signature of the applicable rights holder for such User Content or a person authorized to act on behalf of the rights holder; (b) identification of the User Content for which the license is to be revoked, and information reasonably sufficient to allow Indeed to locate and remove such User Content on the Site; (c) your name, address, telephone number, and email address; (d) a statement that you have a good faith belief that you are the rights holder or authorized by the rights holder to revoke the license for the designated User Content; and (e) a statement that the information in the request is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the rights holder or are authorized to act on behalf of the rights holder with respect to such User Content. There may be a charge for answering and executing such a request; please contact Indeed for more details.
At your discretion, you may provide feedback and related materials to Indeed concerning the functionality and performance of the Site from time to time, including, without limitation, identifying potential errors, improvements, modifications, bug fixes, or enhancements (“Feedback”). If you, through your evaluation or otherwise, provide any Feedback, you hereby grant to Indeed a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple layers of sublicensees) right and license to make, use, sell, sublicense, reproduce, distribute, perform, display, prepare derivative works from and otherwise exploit all such Feedback for any purpose without restriction. You agree that Indeed may disclose any or all Feedback to any third party in any manner, and you agree that Indeed may sublicense any or all Feedback in any form to any third party without restriction. By providing any Feedback, you agree that your provision of such Feedback is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction, and will not place Indeed under any fiduciary, confidentiality or other obligation, and that we are free to use such Feedback without any additional compensation to you, and free to disclose such Feedback on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further acknowledge that, by accepting any Feedback, Indeed does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Indeed, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
6. Site Rules
You agree not to access (or attempt to access) the Site by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Indeed, unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate, written agreement with Indeed. You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Site (or the servers and networks which are connected to the Site). Unless you have been specifically permitted to do so in a separate, written agreement with Indeed, you agree that you will not crawl, scrape, reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the Site for any purpose. You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Indeed has no responsibility or liability to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under this Agreement and for any consequences (including any loss or damage which Indeed may suffer) of any such breach.
You agree that you shall not transmit to Indeed or upload to or through the Site (whether as User Content or otherwise) any Harmful Code, or use or misappropriate the Site for your own commercial gain. “Harmful Code” shall mean any software (sometimes referred to as “viruses,” “worms,” “Trojan horses,” “time bombs,” “time locks,” “drop dead devices,” “traps,” “access codes,” “cancelbots” or “trap door devices”) that: (a) is designed to damage, disrupt, disable, harm, impair, interfere with, intercept, expropriate or otherwise impede in any manner, any data, storage media, program, system, equipment or communication, based on any event, including for example but not limited to (i) exceeding a number of copies, (ii) exceeding a number of users, (iii) passage of a period of time, (iv) advancement to a particular date or other numeral, or (v) use of a certain feature; or (b) would enable an unauthorized person to cause such result; or (c) would enable an unauthorized person to access another person’s information without such other person’s knowledge and permission. Without limiting the foregoing and by way of example only, users may not:

Generate or facilitate unsolicited commercial email (“spam”). Such activity includes, but is not limited to: 
       
sending messages in violation of the CAN-SPAM Act under U.S. law or any other applicable anti-spam law;
imitating or impersonating another person or his, her or its email address, or creating false accounts for the purpose of sending spam;
data mining any Indeed property;
sending messages to users who have asked not to be contacted;
selling, exchanging or distributing to a third party the contact information of any person without such person’s knowledge of, and continued consent to, such disclosure; and
using Indeed Resume contacts in violation of Indeed policy, as determined by Indeed, including, for example, as indicated by low response rates from those persons contacted.
 
Send, upload, distribute or disseminate any unlawful, defamatory, harassing, abusive, fraudulent, infringing, obscene, or otherwise objectionable content, or offer to do the same. Indeed may block the transmission of such content.
Intentionally distribute viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, corrupted files, hoaxes, or any other Harmful Code or items of a destructive or deceptive nature.
Conduct or forward pyramid schemes or similar programs.
Transmit content that may be harmful to minors.
Impersonate another person (via the use of an email address or otherwise) or otherwise misrepresent yourself or the source of any email.
Transmit another’s intellectual property or other proprietary or confidential information without such owner’s or licensor’s permission. Users who repeatedly post intellectual property owned by others will be banned from Indeed.
Violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Promote or encourage illegal activity.
Interfere with other Indeed users’ enjoyment of the Site.
Create multiple user accounts in connection with any violation of the Agreement or create user accounts by automated means or under false or fraudulent pretenses.
Sell, trade, resell or otherwise exploit for any unauthorized commercial purpose, or transfer, any Indeed account.
Modify, adapt, translate, or reverse engineer any portion of the Site.
Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Site.
Reformat or frame any portion of the web pages that are part of the Site without Indeed’s explicit written permission.
Contact other Indeed users about multi-level marketing (MLM) programs, jobs that require payment to start, or any topics Indeed considers detrimental to its users.
Create multiple Indeed accounts without permission.
Create multiple Indeed accounts not under your corporate or company name, in order to attempt to achieve higher visibility in the free-to-post system.
Bypass any limitations or suspensions of functionality.
Provide false information.
Scrape the Indeed Resume database
Scrape or otherwise replicate any Indeed content for competitive purposes

Indeed reserves the right to use any User Content (including the content of messages or material sent through or to the Site or Indeed) to prevent potentially illegal or tortious activities, or any other activities that are detrimental to other users. Indeed reserves the right to use a variety of methods to detect and block the above anomalous activity and to screen User Content to prevent abuse such as spam or fraud. If you use the Site, you consent to Indeed enforcing these rules, which may result in a temporary or permanent suspension or termination of your account or use of certain functions of the Site, including but not limited to the email relay function, for some users, with or without notice, and Indeed shall not be responsible or liable for any such suspension or termination, including any consequences thereof. Indeed reserves the right to drop any message with an .ade, .adp, .bat, .chm, .cmd, .com, .cpl, .exe, .hta, .ins, .isp, .jar, .jse, .lib, .lnk, .mde, .msc, .msp, .mst, .pif, .scr, .sct, .shb, .sys, .vb, .vbe, .vbs, .vxd, .wsc, .wsf, .wsh, or .zip attachment for any or no reason.
7. Registration; Contact Information
Some areas of the Site, including areas that may permit you to set up an Indeed account, require you to register or provide an email address. If you so register, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration form (including your email address) and (b) be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username and password, and not transfer or resell your use of or access to the Site to any third party. Please note, that any individuals with whom you have shared your username and password, and are able to answer verification questions about your Indeed account, may receive access to information regarding your Indeed account. If you are an Employer, your account is given to your business, not an individual. Indeed is not responsible and disclaims all liability if your email is used improperly or falsely by a third party. In some instances, multiple users may be linked to the same account (“a Linked Account”). By registering for an Indeed account, you agree to receive mandatory email updates regarding anomalous activity to your Indeed account. If you attempt to send an email from a name or email address that is not true, accurate, current or complete, we reserve the right to drop such email, and attempting to send such email is a violation of our terms. A Linked Account is created when the primary account owner of an Employer account invites other users to the same account. When using a Linked Account, all users within the same Linked Account have access to the communications and actions of all other users within the Linked Account, and you consent to such access.
We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to terminate users or to reclaim usernames or URLs.
You agree that Indeed may, as part of its services to you, communicate with you, or initiate communication with you on behalf of a third party, through your Indeed account or through other means such as email, telephone (including mobile phone), or postal mail, including through the use of contact information that you may provide to Indeed or that Indeed may otherwise obtain from third-party sources. By providing Indeed with a mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receiving communication via such mobile number. When you give Indeed a mobile number and consent to receiving communication, such communications are inherent to the services you have signed up for, and you may not revoke such consent without discontinuing use of Indeed’s services.
8. Disclaimer of Warranties
Indeed disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, completeness, legality, reliability, operability or availability of information or material displayed in or linked from the Indeed search results (including Jobs Listings) or otherwise made available on the Site by Indeed or third parties (including User Content), regardless of whether paid for or used for free. Indeed disclaims any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, completeness or reliability of information provided by Indeed for informational purposes only, including but not limited to, Indeed Analytics data like estimated applies or organic traffic, and salary information. You acknowledge you are not paying Indeed for the aforementioned information. Indeed disclaims any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, mis-delivery, or untimely delivery of any information, emails or material (including User Content). Indeed further disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any information or material on the Site or on other sites or services on the Internet accessed through the Site. Under no circumstances shall Indeed be liable to you or any third party on account of your use or misuse of or reliance on the Site. Additionally, under no circumstances shall Indeed be liable to you or any third party on account of your use or misuse of or reliance on any third party site or service you link to from Indeed’s Site.
Indeed further disclaims all liability for any technical malfunction of the Site, including but not limited to failure of any telephone network or service, computer systems, servers or providers, computer or mobile phone equipment, software, failure of email delivery, account login, or any other Services provided by Indeed as a result of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or any third party website or combination thereof, including injury or damage to your or to any other person’s computer, mobile device or other hardware or software, related to or resulting from using or downloading any Content in connection with the Site or Services.  Under no circumstances will Indeed be responsible for any loss or damage to any content or personal injury or death, resulting from anyone’s use of the Site, Services, User Content, or third party applications, websites, software or content posted on or through the Site or transmitted to users or any interactions between users of the Site or Services, whether online or offline.
THE SITE, AND ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, ADVICE, JOB LISTINGS, CAREER GUIDE, USER CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. INDEED AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. INDEED AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, AND ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, ADVICE, JOB LISTINGS, USER CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE. INDEED AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES FOR SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE SITE OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS MADE AVAILABLE BY INDEED.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIAL OR DATA THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM DOWNLOADING OR OBTAINING ANY SUCH MATERIAL OR DATA.
9. Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL INDEED OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ITS OR THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, BE LIABLE TO ANY USER ON ACCOUNT OF THAT USER’S USE OR MISUSE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SITE. SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO PREVENT RECOVERY OF INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), INDEMNITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF INDEED OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ITS OR THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF AND RELIANCE ON THE SITE, FROM RELIANCE OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY INFORMATION POSTED ON THE SITE, FROM INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR FROM THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, OR TERMINATION OF THE SITE (INCLUDING SUCH DAMAGES INCURRED BY THIRD PARTIES). THIS LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF OTHER SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE SITE OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SITE. THIS LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO THE COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL FURTHER APPLY WITH RESPECT TO THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR ANY INFORMATION OR MERCHANDISE THAT APPEARS ON, OR IS LINKED OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO, THE SITE. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF INDEED AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID INDEED TO USE THE SITE.
Without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances shall Indeed or its affiliates, or its or their third-party licensors, be liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond its or their reasonable control, including, without limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms, explosions, acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, non-performance of third parties, or loss of or fluctuations in heat, light, or air conditioning.
10. Claims of Infringement
U.S. Copyright Infringement. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA“) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by Indeed infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked. The notice must include the following information as required by 17 USC. § 512(c)(3)(A): (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (or if multiple copyrighted works located on the site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works); (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to allow Indeed to locate the material on the site; (d) the name, address, telephone number, and email address (if available) of the complaining party; (e) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send Indeed a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright/ for details. Notices and counter-notices with respect to the Site should be sent in writing to Indeed Copyright Notice, 6433 Champion Grandview Way, Building 1, Austin, TX, 78750, USA (copyright @ indeed.com) (remove spaces when sending email). We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, be aware that there are penalties for false claims under the DMCA.
Other Claims of Infringement. For claims of infringement that do not involve a U.S. copyright, please contact us via our Site contact form.
11. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
If you are a Job Seeker: this Agreement and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (“Dispute”) will be governed as to all matters, including, but not limited to the validity, construction and performance of this Agreement, by and under the laws of the State of Texas, United States of America, if you are located in the United States, or the laws of Republic of Ireland, if you are located elsewhere, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles thereof. Any and all actions, lawsuits, or other legal proceedings related to such Dispute shall be filed only in courts located in Travis County, Texas, U.S.A., if you are located in the United States, or Dublin, Ireland, if you are located elsewhere. Each of the Parties hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located in Travis County, Texas, U.S.A, if you are located in the United States of America, or Dublin, Ireland, if you are located elsewhere.
You also hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any action or litigation in any way arising out of or related to your use of the Site or these terms of service, if you are located in the United States.
If you are an Employer: this Agreement and any Dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement will be governed as to all matters, including, but not limited to the validity, construction and performance of this Agreement, by and under the laws of Federative Republic of Brazil, if you are located in Brazil; the laws of the Republic of India, if you are located in India; the laws of the State of Texas, if you are located in the United States; the laws of the Republic of Singapore, if you are located in the Asia-Pacific Region*; or the laws of the Republic of Ireland, if you are located elsewhere, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles thereof. Any and all actions, lawsuits, or other legal proceedings related to such Dispute shall be filed only in courts located in: São Paulo, state of São Paulo, Brazil if you are located in Brazil; Bangalore, state of Karnataka, India if you are located in India; Travis County, Texas, U.S.A., if you are located in the United States; The Republic of Singapore, if you are located in the Asia-Pacific Region*; or Dublin, Ireland, if you are located elsewhere. Each of the Parties hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located in: São Paulo, state of São Paulo, Brazil if you are located in Brazil; Bangalore, state of Karnataka, India if you are located in India; Travis County, Texas, U.S.A., if you are located in the United States; The Republic of Singapore, if you are located in the Asia-Pacific Region*; or Dublin, Ireland, if you are located elsewhere.
If you are neither a Job Seeker or Employer as defined in this Agreement and are not using the Site as intended by Indeed, this Agreement will be governed as to all matters, including, but not limited to the validity, construction and performance of this Agreement, by and under the laws of Travis County, Texas, U.S.A.
12. Class Action Waiver
By using the Site and in return for the services offered by Indeed, you acknowledge that Indeed can only offer you these services under the terms and conditions as presented herein. As partial consideration for your use of the Site and these services, you (either an Employer or Job Seeker) agree not to sue Indeed as a class plaintiff or class representative, join as a class member, or participate as an adverse party in any way in a class-action lawsuit against Indeed regarding your use of the Site. Additionally, as a Job Seeker, your use of the Site is at no charge and you acknowledge that part of the price you are paying to use this Site is your acceptance of these terms of service including this Class Action Waiver. If you do not agree to any part of these terms, do not continue your use of the Site. Nothing in this paragraph, however, limits your rights to bring a lawsuit as an individual plaintiff, including in small claims court, subject to section 11 above.
13. Filtering
We hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections is available from GetNetWise (http://www.getnetwise.org/) and OnGuard Online (http://onguardonline.gov/). Please note that Company does not endorse any of the products or services listed on such sites.
14. Information or Complaints
If you have a question or complaint regarding the Site, please use our Indeed Help Center. When you use the Indeed Help Center, you are accessing a third party site Zendesk and consent to receiving cookies from Zendesk, as set forth in their cookie policy. Please note that communications within Zendesk will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your e-mail correspondence with us. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
15. Miscellaneous
This Agreement (including the Indeed Ads Program Terms, Indeed Resume Program Terms, Indeed Prime Terms and Indeed Targeted Ads Terms incorporated herein, if applicable to you) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. In the event of any irreconcilable conflict between this Agreement and the Indeed Ads Program Terms, Indeed Resume Program Terms, Indeed Prime Terms and Indeed Targeted Ads Terms (if applicable to you), the Indeed Ads Program Terms, Indeed Resume Program Terms, Indeed Prime Terms and Indeed Targeted Ads Terms will govern with respect to the Indeed Ads Program, Indeed Resume Program, Indeed Prime and Indeed Targeted Ads, respectively, and the Agreement will otherwise govern. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if in writing and signed by Indeed. This Agreement, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with Indeed in connection with the Site, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Indeed concerning the Site. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. You agree that this Agreement cannot be altered, amended, modified or overridden, except by a document signed by an authorized representative of each party. For the avoidance of doubt, email or phone communication between you and an Indeed employee shall not constitute an amendment or alteration of this Agreement.
By accessing or using the Site, you signify your assent to this Agreement and agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations, copyright laws and other laws regarding intellectual property. You represent, warrant and covenant that you are not (a) located in, or a resident or a national of, any country subject to a U.S. government embargo or other restriction, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country; (b) on any of the U.S. government lists of restricted end users. The materials on the Site are provided with “Restricted Rights.” Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations. Use of the materials by the Government constitutes acknowledgment of Indeed’s proprietary rights in them.
You understand and acknowledge that Indeed or its affiliates, or its or their licensors, owns all right title and interest to the Site and all proprietary rights associated therewith. Indeed reserves all rights not specifically granted herein. You shall not modify any copyright notices, proprietary legends, any trademark and service mark attributions, any patent markings, or other indicia of ownership on the materials accessed through the Site, other than your User Content. Any use of materials or descriptions, any derivative use of the Site or its materials, and any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools is strictly prohibited. In no event may you frame any portion of the Site or any materials contained therein.
Change of Address: If you have provided a billing address to us, and you change such billing address from an address within the United States to an address outside the United States, or from an address outside of the United States to an address inside the United States, you will continue to be bound by this Agreement with the same Indeed party for the remainder of the calendar month in which you made the change. Beginning on the first day of the next calendar month, you hereby agree that you will be bound by this Agreement with the applicable Indeed party identified in the first paragraph of this Agreement with respect to such new territory.
Any notices to Indeed must be sent to the applicable Indeed entity identified in the first paragraph of this Agreement via certified first class or air mail or overnight courier, are deemed given upon receipt, and must reference the Program that is the subject of the notice (i.e., Indeed Ads Program, Indeed Resume Program, or Indeed Publisher Program). Notice to you may be effected by sending email to the email address specified in your account, or by posting a message to your account interface, and is deemed received when sent (for email) or no more than fifteen (15) days after having been posted (for messages in your Indeed Ads interface).
You may not assign or delegate any of your rights or obligations hereunder without Indeed’s prior written consent and any such attempt is void. Indeed may freely assign or delegate its rights and obligations hereunder without notice to you. Additionally, Indeed may assign any agreement between you and Indeed to any related Indeed entity by informing you of such assignment. Indeed and you are not legal partners or agents, but are independent contractors.
16. Apple-Specific Terms
In addition to your agreement with the foregoing terms and conditions, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the following provisions apply with respect to your use of any mobile application version of the Site compatible with the iOS operating system of Apple Inc. (“Apple”, and such mobile application, the “App”). Apple is not a party to this Agreement and does not own and is not responsible for the App. Apple is not providing any warranty for the App except, if applicable, to refund the purchase price for it. Apple is not responsible for maintenance or other support services for the App and shall not be responsible for any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses with respect to the App, including any third-party product liability claims, claims that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation, and claims with respect to intellectual property infringement. Any inquiries or complaints relating to the use of the App, including those pertaining to intellectual property rights, must be directed to Indeed in accordance with the “Information or Complaints” section above. The license you have been granted herein is limited to a non-transferable license to use the App on an Apple-branded product that runs Apple’s iOS operating system and is owned or controlled by you, or as otherwise permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s App Store Terms of Service. In addition, you must comply with the terms of any third-party agreement applicable to you when using the App, such as your wireless data service agreement. Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof; notwithstanding the foregoing, Indeed’s right to enter into, rescind or terminate any variation, waiver or settlement under this Agreement is not subject to the consent of any third party.
17. The Indeed Apps
By using any of the Indeed Apps, including but not limited to the Indeed Job Search, Indeed Resume Search, Indeed Employer, Indeed Job Spotter or others, you agree that all of the terms and conditions found herein apply to your use of the Indeed App.  Additionally, you agree that the Indeed App may send you push notifications, if you turn on receipt of notifications and/or sign up to receive notifications.  By downloading and using the Indeed App, you are asking Indeed to make formatting changes to any Job Listings as they appear on your phone, in order to enable you to utilize your Indeed Resume.  You further acknowledge that your use of the Indeed Apps may require use of your data plan from your cellular provider.  You are responsible for payment of all data usage accrued based on your use of the Indeed App, and Indeed disclaims all responsibility for such data usage. In addition, if you allow Indeed Apps to utilize location services, the Indeed Apps may suggest to you and collect from you certain information based on your geographic location.
18. Use of Site by Minors
The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of fourteen (14), but if you are under the age of 18 or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, you must use Indeed under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian, or responsible adult.
