Privacy Policy


 
The All About Limassol Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ("The Privacy Policy") applies to the following website: https://allaboutlimassol.com/ 



(the "Website") which is owned by “Cc All About Limassol Ltd” (the "Website Owner"), and sets out how the Website Owner collects, uses, and discloses personal and other information.
The Website Owner has a registered address at: Elpidos 6, Mesa Getonia, 4002, Limassol

In this Privacy Policy:  a. " Personal Information" means information that identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone number, ID or email address;  

b. " Potentially Identifying Information " means information that by itself is not Personal Information but could be used in conjunction with other information to identify you, such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses; c. "Non-Personal Data" means browsing and site usage data that the Website Owner collects as the owner and maintainer of the Website and that does not contain any Personal Information, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and date and time of each visitor request; d. " Collected Data" means, collectively, Personal Information, Potentially Identifying Information and Non-Personal Data;
e. " We", " us " and " our " refer to the Website Owner; and
f. " You" and " your " refer to visitors of the Website.
 
By accessing the Website, you are agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Principles 
We are committed to handling responsibly the information and data we collect about you through the Website, whether Personal Information, Potentially Identifying Information or Non-personal Data. We have designed our Privacy Policy in accordance with the following principles (the " Principles"):  1. Only the minimum amount of Personal Information reasonably necessary to provide you with services will be collected and maintained, and only for so long as reasonably needed or required. For simple viewing of the Website, no Personal Information will be collected.  2. Personal Information you provide through the Website will not be used for marketing or advertising purposes without your consent. It will not be disclosed to anyone else without your consent, unless specifically allowed by this Privacy Policy or unless required.  3. Potentially Identifying Information may be used to improve the Website and the App for marketing and advertising purposes, as long as it is not used to identify you.  4. Non-Personal Data may be used to improve the Website and the App and for marketing or advertising purposes.
 Unless restricted or prohibited by law, and if your email address has been collected and retained, you will be notified by email when circumstances require us to provide a third party with your Personal Information.
 The provisions below are divided into four main categories:

Personal Information
Potentially Identifying Information,  
Non-Personal Data, and
Other Provisions

 These provisions set out specific details about how we handle your Collected Data, in keeping with the Principles. If a situation arises that is not covered by the specific provisions below, then we use the Principles to guide us in dealing with that situation.
A. Personal Information
Collection of Personal Information
We do not collect and do not require you to provide Personal Information when you simply view the Website. If you choose to interact with the Website or the Website Owner, we collect Personal Information in the following circumstances:

when you register with the website; submit contact forms, enter personal data
when you send us an email;

Use of Personal Information
We use the Personal Information you provide to us in order to respond to your request.
Any other Personal Information that we may collect, and that is not specified in this Privacy Policy, will only be collected and used in accordance with the Principles.
 Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not disclose Personal Information to third parties, except in the following instances:

We may share Personal Information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain or enhance the Website.  
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in a good-faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
take action regarding suspected illegal activities;
enforce the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy;  
comply with the law or legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order; or  
protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users or the public


If we are required by law to provide a third party with your Personal Information and if we have collected and retained an email address for you, then we will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event, unless prohibited by law or unless we are otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel.  
B. Potentially Identifying Information
Collection of Potentially Identifying Information
We collect the following Potentially Identifying Information:

Internet Protocol (IP) addresses  
Phone number
Email address

Use of Potentially Identifying Information
We may use Potentially Identifying Information to maintain or enhance the Website.
Disclosure of Potentially Identifying Information
In general, we will not disclose Potentially Identifying Information to third parties. However, we may disclose Potentially Identifying Information in three instances:

We may disclose Potentially Identifying Information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain or enhance the Website. 
We may disclose Potentially Identifying Information with service providers for marketing or advertising purposes, as long as they agree not to use the Potentially Identifying Information to identify you.  
We may disclose your Potentially Identifying Information to third parties in a good-faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to:  
to enable them to provide you with the service you have requested; 
take action regarding suspected illegal activities; 
enforce the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy; 
comply with the law or legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order; or 
protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users or the public.


 C. Non-Personal Data
Collection of Non-Personal Data
Like most websites, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider in the EU exclusively) collect Non-Personal Data automatically about the browsing and activities of users visiting the Website.
 Use of Non-Personal Data
We may use the Non-Personal Data to maintain or enhance the Website, and for marketing or advertising purposes.
We will not intentionally link Non-Personal Data to your Personal Information.
 Disclosure of Non-Personal Data
In general, we do not disclose Non-Personal Data to third parties. However, we may disclose Non-Personal Data in three instances:

We may disclose Non-Personal Data with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain or enhance the Website, as long as it is not linked to your Personal Information.                    
We may disclose Non-Personal Data with service providers for marketing or advertising purposes, as long as it is not linked to your Personal Information.
We may disclose your Non-Personal Data to third parties in a good-faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to:                    
take action regarding suspected illegal activities;                        
enforce the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy;                        
comply with the law or legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order; or
protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users or the public.                        


 D. Other Provisions
Security of Personal Information Collected
We have implemented reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to Collected Data that we store and control. However, no website can fully eliminate security risks. Third parties may circumvent our security measures to unlawfully intercept or access Collected Data, other information, transmissions or private communications. We will post a reasonably prominent notice to the Website if any such security breach occurs.
 Acquisition or Similar Transaction
We may transfer some or all of the Collected Data to a third party as a result of an acquisition, reorganization or similar transaction. Upon such transfer, the acquirer's privacy policy will apply. In such event, we will use reasonable efforts to:

notify you, by a reasonably prominent notice on the Website, and by emailing you if your email address has been collected and retained, and
insure that at the time of the transaction the acquirer's privacy policy complies with the Principles.

 Third-Party Websites
The Website may include links to other websites. You should consult the privacy policies of these third-party sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites, and we cannot control their activities.
 Note to International Users
The Website is hosted through Eezyworks LTD Cyprus in the EU (the " Hosting Location"). If you are accessing the Website from another location, note that you are transferring your Collected Data to the Hosting Location, which may have different data protection laws than your country. By accessing the Website, you consent to:

the use of your Collected Data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy; and
the transfer of your Collected Data to the Hosting Location.

Amendments to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will also revise the Effective Date below. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the Personal Information we collect.
 When making an amendment to this Privacy Policy, we will post a reasonably prominent notice on the Website, 30 days before the amendment takes effect. If you do not agree with the amendment, you must cease to use the Website before it takes effect. If you continue to use the Website after 30 days from the day of the notice, you are deemed to have accepted the amendment.
 Questions – Copy of personal data – Deletion of personal Data
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, or request a copy of your personal data held by us or request the deletion of your personal data held by us,
please contact the DPO by email at [email protected]
 This Privacy Policy is effective as of 20.04.2018 (the " Effective Date").
Emal:[email protected] © 2018
