Cookie Policy
To make this site work efficiently, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device.
Cookies may be set by the website you are visiting (‘first party cookies’) or they may be set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing (‘third party cookies’).
 
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
 
How do we use cookies?
A number of our pages use cookies to remember:

your display preferences, such as contrast colour settings or font size
if you have already replied to a survey pop-up that asks you if the content was helpful or not (so you won't be asked again)
if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this site

 
1. When strictly necessary
Some cookies are strictly necessary in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, we will not be able to determine the number of unique users of the site or provide certain features, such as automatic sign in to our services.
 
2. To provide functionality
Functionality cookies record information about choices you’ve made and allow us to tailor the website to you. For example, if you set your location on the homepage in order to receive your bespoke horoscope and weather forecast, we use cookies to save your preference. Also, some videos embedded in our pages use a cookie to anonymously gather statistics on how you got there and what videos you visited.
 
3. To improve performance
We use Performance cookies for internal purposes to help us to provide you with a better user experience. Information supplied by cookies helps us to understand how our visitors use the site so that we can improve how we present our content to you. They also allow us to test different design ideas for particular pages, such as the Homepage. We generally contract with independent measurement and research companies to perform these services for us and when this is the case, these cookies may be set by a third party company (third party cookies). Third party cookies are identified in the list below:

Google Analytics - http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
CommScore - http://www.comscore.com/About-comScore/Privacy-Policy
Disqus - https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466259-privacy-policy
Ez Live Viewer - http://ez.no/Privacy-policy
JW Player - http://www.jwplayer.com/privacy/

 
4. Online behavioural advertising
A certain amount of advertising found on irishnews.com is tailored to the individual user. We use cookies to work out what advertising might be most relevant to you based on your browsing behaviour and your IP address geo-location. Ad serving partners include:
Ad Tech - http://www.adtech.com/en/service/cookies.html
Audience Science - http://www.audiencescience.com/privacy.asp
Grapeshot - http://www.grapeshot.co.uk/privacy.php
Lotame - http://www.lotame.com/privacy/
Google Adsense - http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
 
5. Embedded content
To support our journalism, we sometimes embed photos and video content from websites such as YouTube and Flickr. As a result, when you visit a page containing such content, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. The Irish News does not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should check the relevant third party's website for more information.
 
6. Sharing Tools
You will also see embedded ‘share’ buttons on certain web pages such as article pages. These enable users to easily share content with their friends through a number of popular social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. When you click on one of these buttons, a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. The Irish News does not control the dissemination of these cookies.
Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended.
The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.
 
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
