
TheatreHistory.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: TheatreHistory.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to gather broad demographic information--to determine, for example, what country the majority of our visitors reside in.
Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.


These ads may contain cookies. When cookies contained in banner ads are collected by our ad company, we have access only to broad aggregate statistics resulting from this information.
Surveys
We may, at times, offer online surveys which ask visitors for demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). Financial information collected in these surveys is used for broad demographic purposes only. This demographic information may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. TheatreHistory.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
TheatreHistory.com participates in several affiliate programs offered by other retailers and content providers. We do not have access to any personal information that you may choose to submit to these sites. However, these sites may, at times, share with us broad aggregate statistics garnered from this information.
Supplementation of Information
This site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: info@theatrehistory.com
