Updated April 8, 2015We at Home Instead, Inc. ("Home Instead" or "we" or "us" or "our") appreciate your interest in this website, www.homeinstead.com (the "Site"). Your privacy is important and we and are committed to protecting the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that you disclose to us. We want you to understand our practices with respect how we gather and use the information we collect from visitors to the Site. This Privacy Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of information we collect through our website www.HomeInstead.com. This Privacy Policy is subject to change. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified by you) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically and to make note of the date of the most recent revision. If you disagree with the manner in which we intend to use the Personal Information you provide to us, you may opt out of these uses by following the instructions below. By using our Site, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy in effect, at that time. Home Instead, Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's Program Requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your Personal Information. The TRUSTe program covers the collection, use and disclosure of information we gather through our website (www.HomeInstead.com). TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at 13323 California Street, Omaha, NE 68154, info@homeinsteadinc.com, or 1.888.484.5759. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here. Home Instead, Inc. complies with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Home Instead, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Home Instead, Inc.'s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.Information We CollectWe collect both Personal Information and non-personally identifiable information through this Site in order to help us to learn more about how our visitors use this Site, to measure areas of interest, to provide our users with important information on our network and our services. Collection of information allows us to build features and functionality that will enhance your experience. You are not obligated to provide us with Personal Information in order to use the Site. However, we do require that you register and provide certain Personal Information in order to send us inquiries, to receive confidential information about our network and how to become a independently owned and individually operated franchise (each a "Franchise") or master franchise (each a "Master Franchise"), and to receive newsletters and other special offers. We collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of General Tracking Information and Click Path Tracking (cookie technology) described below.Collection of Non-Personally Identifiable Information1. General Tracking Information
We keep track of the pages visited by each user. Our web server automatically collects some information about you when you request pages from our server, including your IP address. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the web pages you request) can be sent to you. We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns. We use this information to improve our Site by making it more responsive to the needs and preferences of our users. This information does not identify you personally. 2. Click Path Tracking
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Home Instead and our affiliates, our marketing, testing and quality assurance partners, or our analytics, information technology and web monitoring service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.  Mobile applications may also use cookies.  We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you and to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.We use Local Storage also referred to as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use Local Storage to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LS’s.We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking Here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.3. Collection of Personal Information 
If you choose to register on our Site, you will be asked to provide Personal Information which may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number. We do not actively share Personal Information gathered from our Web servers. When you register, we will place your name in our mailing list and will send you an e-mail to the address you have provided to confirm your registration on our Site. 4. What we do with the Personal Information We Collect
We require Personal Information from you in order to learn more about how you use the Site; to measure areas of interest in our network and the services we provide; to understand the needs of our customers; to provide you with better service; and to help us with internal record keeping. If you register, your registration information may be used by Home Instead and our Franchisees and Master Franchisees for internal research purposes and may be compiled as part of our internal database system. In addition, we may send correspondence to the e-mail and / or street address you provide to us when registering on our Site. This correspondence may include newsletters, promotional offers, information on new features and services we provide, Site updates, responses to your e-mails, comments and opinions, and may also be used as a means of providing technical support. In certain instances you will have an opportunity to limit these uses at the time your Personal Information is collected. You also may limit the correspondence by following the instructions in the "Opt-Out" Section below. 5. Sharing of Personal Information
We will share your Personal Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. We will not provide or sell any Personal Information to marketing research or bulk advertising sales companies. We will share your Personal Information with our Franchisees and Master Franchisees who are bound to protect such information from disclosure or misuse. We may share your Personal Information with third-party business partners who offer services in conjunction with those of Home Instead and who we believe may provide offers that may be of interest to you. As described above, you may limit this sharing by following the instructions in the "Opt-Out" Section below. We may also disclose Personal Information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Terms of Use, or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other website users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information to law-enforcement personnel and agencies when requested to do so or as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena or if Home Instead is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets. In any of these situations, registered users will be notified by e-mail of our intent to disclose information. We may also provide your Personal Information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services to us.  Links to Third Party WebsitesOccasionally we may include on our Site a hyperlink (a "Link") or a banner advertisement ("Banner Ad") containing a Link which allows you to connect to the home page of third party website ("Third Party Site"), the website of a Franchisee ("Franchisee Site") or the website of a Master Franchisee ("Master Franchisee Site"). Home Instead provides these Links to you as a convenient method of accessing information that may be useful or of interest to you. This Privacy Policy and the practices that we follow under this Privacy Policy do not apply to Third Party Sites, Franchisee Sites or Master Franchisee Sites that are operated independently from Home Instead. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy, or opinions expressed on any Franchisee Site, Master Franchisee Site or Third Party Site or for the privacy practices of our Franchisees, Master Franchisees or any third party. We will not, and are under no obligation to, investigate, monitor or check the Franchisee Sites, Master Franchisee Sites or Third Party Sites for accuracy or completeness, or for any obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, indecent, profane, defamatory or unlawful content or materials. Inclusion of any Link or Banner Ad to a Third Party Site, or Franchisee Site or Master Franchisee Site that is placed on our Site does not imply approval or endorsement of the Third Party Site, Franchisee Site or Master Franchisee Site. You understand and agree that by clicking on a Link to a Third Party Site, Franchisee Site, or Master Franchisee Site you have left this Site, and the Home Instead Privacy Policy stated on this Site is no longer in effect.Our Site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your Personal Information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Our hardware, software, and security infrastructure as well as our internal standards for this Site to meet current industry standards and technology. In addition, we will be using standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to secure all pages used for inputting user Personal Information. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between us will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.  Opt-OutYou may choose to have your name taken off of our registration list, cease receiving correspondence or newsletters from us or you can update or delete the Personal Information that you have provided to us, via one of the following methods:Using the opt-out option in e-mails you receive from us;Sending us an e-mail at: info@homeinsteadinc.com;Writing to us at: Home Instead, Inc., 13323 California Street, Omaha, NE 68154; orCalling us toll free at: 1.888.484.5759 We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.DisclaimerThe data contained in our Site is for informational purposes only and is not represented to be error free. Home Instead attempts to ensure that the data provided or otherwise displayed on our Site is accurate. However, the Site and its contents are provided on an "as is, as available" basis. Use of the Site and its contents is at your sole risk. Home Instead does not warrant that any functions of the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Site will be free from viruses or other harmful components. Home Instead makes no warranties, either express or implied, concerning the content of the Site, including the accuracy, completeness, reliability or suitability of the Site. Guidelines for ChildrenWe do not specifically collect information about children nor market our products or services to children. We have no reason to believe that this Site will attract children, or that children will access this Site or provide Personal Information.BlogsThe Site offers publicly accessible blogs. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog, contact us at info@homeinsteadinc.com.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

TestimonialsWe display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements.  With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.  If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at info@homeinsteadinc.com.  

ReferralsIf you choose to use our referral service to email a friend about the Site, we will ask you for your name, email address and your friend’s email address.  We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site.  Any email information stored by Home Instead is for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and will not be accessed again.Your friend may contact us at info@homeinsteadinc.com to request that we remove this information from our database.Termination of UseYou agree that we may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or any part of the Site with or without notice and for any reason. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity may be grounds for terminating our relationship, and if we believe that you have committed such acts, we may report you to appropriate law enforcement authorities.ChoiceWe collect information for our Franchisees and Master Franchisees. If you are a customer or employee of one of our Franchisees or Master Franchisees and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Franchisees or Master Franchisees that use our service, please contact the Franchisee or Master Franchisee that you interact with directly.Service Provider, Sub-Processors/Onward TransferHome Instead, Inc. may transfer Personal Information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the provisions in this Privacy Policy regarding notice and choice, the franchise agreements with our Franchisees and the master franchise agreements with our Master Franchisees.Contact InformationIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact: 
Home Instead, Inc.13323 California StreetOmaha, NE 68154 

