Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Omniglot Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Omniglot Ltd when you use this website.

Omniglot Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should I ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

Omniglot Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.

What I collect
If you send me an email, this may be saved in my email client.

What I do with the information I gather

Give your contact details to other visitors to this site who you might be able to help with a language related question.

Note: This happens only occasionally, and if you would prefer not be contacted in this way, please let me know.

Security
I am committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, I have put in place suitable safeguards to secure the information I collect online.

I will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless I am required by law to do so.

Cookies
Some advertisers on this site place small data files called cookies on your device.

What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. 

How Omniglot Ltd use cookies
No cookies are used by Omniglot Ltd, however they are used by some of the affiliate advertisers on this site. Such cookies store data about when you visit their sites, what you look at and what, if anything you buy there. With this data affiliates know how much commission to pay to Omniglot, which helps support this site and its creator.

How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.

Links to other websites
This website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave Omniglot, you should note that I do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, I cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. 

I use Google AdSense Advertising on this website.

More about how Google uses cookies

Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact me.

Last Edited on 25th May 2018.

You can support this site by making a donation, or by contributing in other ways.


