
Legal
Welcome to Chess.com! By using Chess.com you agree to be bound by the following policies:

Basic Site Rules
Put simply: be nice, no cheating!
Chess.com is a friendly community for those who love chess! Please be on your best behavior as you play chess and
    interact with others. Failure to follow these rules will result in your account being closed. 
Interacting with Members
Chess.com is a safe place for people to come and enjoy. There should be no abusive language, personal attacks,
    threats, or any other unkind behavior.
Keep It Clean
You may not post any offensive content on Chess.com including your username, avatar, or personal description. You
    may not add any offensive comments, chat, or other content. The following behavior is prohibited and can result in
    your being kicked or banned: cheating, using offensive/vulgar language, using toilet humor, making personal attacks,
    spamming or advertising competitive websites, religious or political debate, intentionally pointless/distracting
    posts, and discussion of illegal activities (drugs, etc). 
No Cheating or Computer Help
You can NEVER use chess programs (Chessmaster, Fritz, etc) to analyze current ongoing
    games unless specifically permitted (such as a computer tournament, etc). The only type of computer
    assistance allowed is games databases for opening lines in Turn-based Chess and Vote Chess. You cannot receive ANY
    outside assistance on Live Chess games.
Only One Account
Members may only have ONE Chess.com account. Members who create more than one account may have all accounts
    closed.
Please read this entire page for all rules, terms, policies, and agreements on Chess.com!

Privacy Policy 
In order to provide and improve Chess.com, we collect both “Personal Information” and “Non-Personal Information.”  Personal Information is information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, and payment information.  Non-Personal Information is information that cannot be used to identify you, such as anonymous usage data, demographic information, and preferences that are generated based on your use of Chess.com.  We will not share your Personal Information with others except as provided in this Privacy Policy. 
Collecting Information 
Chess.com collects personal information when you register with Chess.com, when you use Chess.com products or
    services, when you visit Chess.com pages or the pages of certain Chess.com partners, and when you enter promotions
    or sweepstakes. Chess.com may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business
    partners or other companies. When you register we ask for information such as your  email address and username (both required), and then name, birth date,
    gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal description (all optional). Once you register with Chess.com and sign in to our
    services, you are not anonymous to us. Your username, name, country, stated location, occupation, and personal description become public and are displayed on your profile and in your chess games. Chess.com automatically receives and records information on our server logs
    from your browser, including your IP address, Chess.com cookie information, and the page you request. Chess.com uses
    information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your
    requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide aggregated, anonymized
    reporting about our general user community for internal and external clients. 
Cookies & Targeting
Chess.com may set and access Chess.com ‘cookies’ on your computer. Chess.com lets other companies that
    show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers or other
    companies do not have access to Chess.com's cookies. These third-party advertising companies serve ads when you
    visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information,
    browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over - not including your name,
    address, email address, or telephone number) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide
    advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Google, as a third party vendor,
    uses cookies to serve ads on this site. This includes the DoubleClick DART cookie which
    enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out
    of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. To
    learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this policy, in visiting this site, a third-party advertiser (or its
    partners) may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These cookies enable more customized ads, content
    or services to be provided to you. To trigger these cookies, we may pass an encrypted or "hashed" (non-human
    readable) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner, who may place a cookie on
    your computer. No personally identifiable information is on, or is connected to, these cookies. To opt-out of these
    cookies, please go to http://www.privacychoice.org/companies or http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Your Information 
You can edit your Chess.com account information at any time. We reserve the right to send you certain
    communications relating to the Chess.com service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the
    Chess.com Newsletter, that are considered part of your Chess.com account, without offering you the opportunity to
    opt-out of receiving them. You can delete your account by contacting Chess.com.
Confidentiality and Security 
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact
    with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical,
    electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about
    you. 
Protecting Your Information 
Chess.com does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies
    except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following
    circumstances: 

We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Chess.com under confidentiality
      agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Chess.com communicate with you about offers
      from Chess.com and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share
      this information. 
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend
      against legal claims; 
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding
      illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person,
      violations of Chess.com's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. 
If we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction.  You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Chess.com or its assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  If any acquirer of Chess.com or its assets will use your Personal Information contrary to this Privacy Policy, you will receive prior notice. 

Policy Updates 
Chess.com may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal
    information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Chess.com account or by placing a
    prominent notice on our site. 
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or any of our privacy-related practices, please contact us.
Last Policy Update: August 21, 2014 

Terms of Service 
Put simply: respect others, respect the law, and enjoy yourself!
Chess.com provides its service to you subject to the following terms and conditions (the "Terms of Service").        
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THESE TERMS OF SERVICEAND REPRESENT TO US THAT YOU ARE 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AND ARE LEGALLY COMPETENT TO ENTER INTO AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR ARE THE PARENT OR AUTHORIZED GUARDIAN OF SOMEONE LESS THAN 18 YEARS OF AGE FOR WHOM YOU HAVE CREATED AN ACCOUNT. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THESE TERMS, THEN YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SERVICE.   
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE INCLUDE (1) AN ARBITRATION PROVISION; (2) A WAIVER OF RIGHTS TO BRING A CLASS ACTION AGAINST US; AND (3) A RELEASE BY YOU OF ALL CLAIMS FOR DAMAGE AGAINST US THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THESE PROVISIONS. 
Services
Chess.com provides a collection of content, resources, tools, and technologies that enable users to enjoy chess and
    its surrounding culture (the “Service”). You accept
    that the Service may include advertisements. Chess.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to
    modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You
    agree that Chess.com shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or
    discontinuance of the Service.
Registration 
In order to be permitted to use the Service, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the required fields in Service's registration form and in the optional fields if you so choose; and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if Chess.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Chess.com has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service. 
Minors & Children
Chess.com is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly children. For this
    reason, parents or guardians of children under the age of 13 who wish to allow their children access to the Service
    must create an account that is maintained by a legal guardian of at least 18 years old and monitor the child's
    usage. By allowing a child access to your account, you also give your child permission to access all areas of the
    Service. Please remember that the Service is designed to appeal to a broad audience. Accordingly, as the legal
    guardian, it is your responsibility to determine whether any of the Service areas and/or Content are appropriate for
    your child.
Member Accounts 
While many portions of the Service do not require registration, you may register as a user of Chess.com to enjoy
    greater access or privileges. If you choose to register you will receive a username and password upon completing the
    Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account
    and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately
    notify Chess.com of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure
    that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Chess.com cannot and will not be liable for any loss or
    damage arising from your failure to protect your account.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Chess.com may access, preserve and disclose your account information and
    Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is
    reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any Content
    (as defined below) violates the law or the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights,
    property or personal safety of Chess.com, its users and the public.
Account Limitations 
You acknowledge that Chess.com may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including
    without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content
    will be retained by the Service, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an
    account on the Service, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the
    Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on Chess.com’s servers on your behalf, and the maximum
    number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Service in a given period of time. You agree
    that Chess.com has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other
    communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that Chess.com reserves
    the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that
    Chess.com reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time.
Termination
You agree that Chess.com may, with or without cause, and without prior notice, immediately terminate your
    Chess.com account, any associated email address, and access to the Service. Chess.com may terminate with or without
    cause at any time and effective immediately, at Chess.com’s sole discretion, including but not limited to Member's
    failure to conform with these terms and conditions of the Agreement. Cause for such termination may
    include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of these Terms of Service or other incorporated agreements or
    guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated
    account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Service (or any part thereof), (e) unexpected
    technical or security issues or problems, (f) extended periods of inactivity, (g) engagement by you in fraudulent or
    illegal activities, and/or (h) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Services. Termination of
    your Chess.com account includes (a) removal of access to all offerings within the Service, (b) deletion of your
    password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part
    thereof), and (c) barring of further use of the Service. Further, you agree that all terminations shall be
    made in Chess.com’s sole discretion and that Chess.com shall not be liable to you or any third party for any
    termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Service.
Member Conduct 
You agree to not use the Service to:

upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful,
      harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, invasive of another's privacy,
      hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; 
post any comments, text, messages, or links in the forums or any public comments that contain any advertisements of any kind, including religious, political, or recruiting messages for Chess.com groups, clubs, blogs, or any other content on or off of Chess.com;
post any comments, text, messages, or links in the forums or any public comments that is off topic or irrelevant to the purpose and content of the original content, game, article, blog, or forum topic;
threaten violence against anyone else or advocate harming yourself;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Chess.com representative, or
      falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; 
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any
      Content transmitted through the Service; 
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a
      right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; 
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that includes the personal information of anyone else without their permission or that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, rights of publicity or other proprietary rights of any party;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized
      advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid
      schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas that are designated for such
      purpose; 
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software
      viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of
      any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; 
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other
      users' ability to engage in real time exchanges; 
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or
      disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service; 
access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, Chess.com’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Chess.com’s providers;  
probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures;  
use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, “data mine,” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or its contents;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international
      law, and any regulations having the force of law; and/or 
collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and
      activities set forth in the paragraphs above. 

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any
    portion of the Service (including your Chess.com username), use of the Service, or access to the Service. You agree
    that your Chess.com account is non-transferable.
Content
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages,
    tags, or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the
    sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not Chess.com, are
    entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the
    Service. Chess.com does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the
    accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may unintentionally be
    exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Chess.com be liable in
    any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or
    damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made
    available via the Service.
You acknowledge that Chess.com may or may not pre-screen Content, but that Chess.com and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or move any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Chess.com and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates these Terms of Service or is otherwise objectionable. Chess.com may remove any Content on the Service for any reason and may suspend or terminate users or reclaim usernames at any time without liability to you. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property, or safety of Chess.com, its users, and the public. 
You understand that the Service and software embodied within the Service may include security components that
    permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by Chess.com
    and/or content providers who provide content to the Service. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any of
    the usage rules embedded into the Service. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or
    public exhibition of the materials provided on the Service, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Chess.com does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service. However,
    with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, you
    grant Chess.com the following worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, non-exclusive license, with right of sublicense,  to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, transmit, publicly perform and publicly display any Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Chess.com and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, partners
    and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due
    to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Service, your use of
    the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the Terms of Service, or your violation of any rights of
    another.
Dealings With Advertisers
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through
    the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions,
    warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree
    that Chess.com shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any
    such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service.
Links
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because
    Chess.com has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Chess.com is not responsible
    for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for
    any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further
    acknowledge and agree that Chess.com shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or
    loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or
    services available on or through any such site or resource.
Proprietary Rights
All right, title, and interest in and to the Service, including applicable copyrights, trademarks, and any other proprietary rights, are and will remain the exclusive property of Chess.com and its licensors. All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other proprietary designations of Chess.com used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Chess.com. Other product and company names that are mentioned on the Service may be trademarks of their respective owners. Chess.com reserves all rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Service. 
Chess.com grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its
    Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a
    derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell,
    assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to
    modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without
    limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by
    any means other than through the interface that is provided by Chess.com for use in accessing the Service.
Trademark Information 
All CHESS.COM trademarks and service marks and other Chess.com logos and product and service names are trademarks
    of Chess.com, LLC. Without Chess.com's prior permission, you agree not to display or use these trademarks in any
    manner.
Copyright Policy 
Chess.com respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Service to do the same. Chess.com complies with the federal Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office Website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the DMCA and other applicable law and are properly provided to us.   If you believe that any Content has been copied or used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with the following information:  
a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
 identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material (such as a url);
your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address;
a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. 

If you believe that your removed Content is not actually infringing, or that you have the necessary rights to post your Content, please send us a counter-notice containing the following information:



a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
your physical or electronic signature (with your full legal name);
 identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
a statement that you have a good faith belief, under penalty of perjury, that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the Content; and 
 your name, address, telephone number, and email address, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original notification of the alleged infringement. 

If we receive a counter-notice, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to the person alleging copyright infringement and inform that person that we may replace the removed Content. Unless the original person alleging copyright infringement files an action seeking a court order against the Content provider, member, or user, the removed Content may be replaced, in ten to fourteen business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Chess.com’s sole discretion. 
Please understand that filing a counter-notification may lead to legal proceedings between you and the complaining party to determine ownership. Be aware that there may be adverse legal consequences in your country if you make a false or bad faith allegation by using this process. 
We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice and at our sole discretion. In appropriate circumstances, Chess.com may also terminate a user's account if the user is determined to be a repeat infringer. Our designated copyright agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement appearing on the Service is: 
Chess.com, LLC
    PO Box 60400
    Palo Alto, CA 94306      
International Usage
This Service is provided by Chess.com from its offices in the United States of America. Chess.com makes no representation that the Service is appropriate or available in other locations. Those who choose to access the Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties.      
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: 

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, CHESS.COM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY REGARDING THE CHESS.COM WEBSITE AND THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
CHESS.COM AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS
      MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY,
      SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR
      RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU
      THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE USED TO ACCESS OR PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. 
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS ACCESSED AT
      YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF
      DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL. 
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CHESS.COM OR THROUGH OR
      FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS OF SERVICE. 
A SMALL PERCENTAGE OF USERS MAY EXPERIENCE EPILEPTIC SEIZURES WHEN EXPOSED TO CERTAIN LIGHT
      PATTERNS OR BACKGROUNDS ON A COMPUTER SCREEN OR WHILE USING THE SERVICE. CERTAIN CONDITIONS MAY INDUCE PREVIOUSLY
      UNDETECTED EPILEPTIC SYMPTOMS EVEN IN USERS WHO HAVE NO HISTORY OF PRIOR SEIZURES OR EPILEPSY. IF YOU, OR ANYONE
      IN YOUR FAMILY, HAVE AN EPILEPTIC CONDITION, CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN PRIOR TO USING THE SERVICE. IMMEDIATELY
      DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE AND CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING SYMPTOMS WHILE
      USING THE SERVICE: DIZZINESS, ALTERED VISION, EYE OR MUSCLE TWITCHES, LOSS OF AWARENESS, DISORIENTATION, ANY
      INVOLUNTARY MOVEMENT, OR CONVULSIONS. 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT CHESS.COM AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, EQUIPMENT DOWNTIME, OR FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, EVEN IF CHESS.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, RELATING TO CHESS.COM, THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT APPEARING ON OR UPLOADED TO THE SERVICE. 
IF, FOR ANY REASON, A COURT FINDS CHESS.COM LIABLE FOR DAMAGES NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF 	CHESS.COM ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00). 
THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS 
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR
    INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Arbitration, Controlling Law, and Jurisdiction 
You agree that if you have any dispute with Chess.com relating in any way to these Terms of Service or from access to or use of the Service, you will first contact us and attempt to resolve the dispute with us informally. If we are unable to resolve the dispute informally, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in connection with or relating to these Terms by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes then in effect for the AAA, except as provided herein. The Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) and federal arbitration law shall apply to these Terms of Service. Unless you and AAA agree otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. If you intend to seek arbitration you must first send written notice to Chess.com of your intent to arbitrate (“Notice”). The Notice to Chess.com should be sent by sending the Notice by U.S. Postal Service certified mail to:  Chess.com, [address]. The Notice must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought. Each party will be responsible for paying any AAA filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees in accordance with AAA rules, except that Chess.com will pay for your reasonable filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000 and is non-frivolous (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). Any award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys' fees, and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses, and any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this section shall prevent either party from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts for matters related to data security, intellectual property, or unauthorized access to the Service. ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES’ INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS. YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND CHESS.COM ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
 If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this section will be null and void.  
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the dispute will be governed by the laws of the State of California and the FAA without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence, and will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in Santa Clara County, California, United States. You consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum.
Modifications to the Terms of Service 
We may modify these Terms at any time, and we will update the most current version at www.chess.com. If we determine that we have made a material change, we will notify you by sending you an email to the email address you provided when registering for your account or by posting a notice through the Service. If you continue to access or use the Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms of Service.
General Information
 The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Chess.com and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Chess.com with respect to the Service. These Terms of Service are the entire and exclusive agreement between Chess.com and you regarding the Service, and these Terms of Service supersede and replace any prior agreements between Chess.com and you regarding the Service (excluding any services for which you have a separate agreement with Chess.com that is explicitly in addition or in place of these Terms of Service). If any provision of these Terms of Service is held invalid, the remainder of the Terms of Service shall continue in full force and effect. These Terms of Service  and the rights granted and obligations undertaken hereunder may not be transferred, assigned, or delegated in any manner by you. Chess.com may freely assign these Terms of Service, and you expressly agree that any intellectual property rights licensed to Chess.com hereunder, including any rights to Content, are transferable to Chess.com’s assignee without your consent.  The failure of Chess.com to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. 

Subscriber Agreement
Paid subscriptions to Chess.com and other services on this site are governed by the following terms and
    agreement:
Payments
Payments for subscriptions can be made via credit card, PayPal, or money order. All subscriptions are in US
    dollars. All credit card subscriptions are auto-renewed until cancelled by the subscriber (by contacting Member Support). Payments made by mail should identify the subscription product and
    should be sent to the address at the bottom of this page.
Services
Subscribers are authorized to receive the services outlined on the subscription page for the duration of their
    subscription. Services are effective  immediately upon receipt of payment. 
Upgrades/Downgrades
Upgrading can be done at any time and the upgrade price will be pro-rated according to the time used and time
    remaining. The upgrade price will show in the checkout process/cart. Downgrades are not available until after the
    expiration of the original subscription. To downgrade please contact Member Support. 
Refunds
If you are not satisfied, please contact Member Support. All first-time subscriptions
    are given a 30-Day Money Back Guarantee except those purchased through iTunes/Apple. Once a member has received a refund they are no longer eligible for the
    30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Refunds will NOT be given to subscribers who are banned from the site due to violating
    the Terms and Conditions of site use (abusive behavior, cheating, etc). 
If you have any questions regarding the above policies please contact us. 
 Chess.com
    PO Box 60400
    Palo Alto, CA 94306 
Last  Update: August 21, 2014 
 

