Legal Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Chess.com! By using Chess.com you agree to be bound by the following policies:
Basic Site Rules
Put simply: be nice, no cheating!
Chess.com is a friendly community for those who love chess! Please be on your best behavior as you play chess
          and
          interact with others. Failure to follow these rules will result in your account being closed. 
Interacting with Members
Chess.com is a safe place for people to come and enjoy. There should be no abusive language, personal
          attacks,
          threats, or any other unkind behavior.
Keep It Clean
You may not post any offensive content on Chess.com including your username, avatar, or personal description.
          You
          may not add any offensive comments, chat, or other content. The following behavior is prohibited and can
          result
          in
          your being kicked or banned: cheating, using offensive/vulgar language, using toilet humor, making personal
          attacks,
          spamming or advertising competitive websites, religious or political debate, intentionally
          pointless/distracting
          posts, and discussion of illegal activities (drugs, etc). 
No Cheating or Computer Help
You can
          NEVER use chess programs
          (Chessmaster, Fritz, etc) to analyze current ongoing
          games unless specifically permitted (such as a computer tournament, etc). The only type of computer
          assistance allowed is games databases for opening lines in Turn-based Chess and Vote Chess. You cannot receive
          ANY
          outside assistance on Live Chess games.
        
Only One Account
Members may only have ONE Chess.com account. Members who create more than one account may have all accounts
          closed.
Please read this entire page for all rules, terms, policies, and agreements on
          Chess.com!
Chess.com, LLC Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 25, 2018
Chess.com, LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the chess.com website and the chess.com mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions

        Service

        ServiceService means the chess.com website and the chess.com mobile application operated by Chess.com, LLC

        Personal Data

        Personal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

        Usage Data

        Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

        Cookies

        CookiesCookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

        Data Controller

        Data ControllerData Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

        Data Processors (or Service Providers)

        Data Processors (or Service Providers)Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

        Data Subject (or User)

        Data Subject (or User)Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected

        Personal Data

        Personal DataWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Required Information (chess.com username and either an email address, Google public  ID or Facebook public ID)
Optional Information (First name, last name birth date, zip code, and other personal descriptors)
Cookies and Usage Data

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.

        Usage Data

        Usage DataWe may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

        Tracking Cookies Data

        Tracking Cookies DataWe use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:

Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to keep you logged into our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests. You may opt out of the use of these cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy and http://www.privacychoice.org/companies or http://www.aboutads.info/choices. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.

Use of Data
Chess.com, LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:

To customize the advertising and content you see
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
To conduct research, and provide aggregated, anonymized reporting about our general user community for internal and external clients.

Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Chess.com, LLC legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Chess.com, LLC may process your Personal Data because:

We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law

Retention of Data
Chess.com, LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Chess.com, LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Chess.com, LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data

        Business Transaction

        Business TransactionIf Chess.com, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

        Disclosure for Law Enforcement

        Disclosure for Law EnforcementUnder certain circumstances, Chess.com, LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

        Legal Requirements

        Legal RequirementsChess.com, LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Chess.com, LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability

Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Chess.com, LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
You can edit your Chess.com account information at any time. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Chess.com, LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

        Google Analytics and Amplitude

        Google Analytics and AmplitudeGoogle Analytics and Amplitude are web analytics services that tracks and report website traffic. They use the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. For Google Analytics,this data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.

        Google AdSense DoubleClick Cookie

        Google AdSense DoubleClick CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:

        Apple Store In-App Payments

        Apple Store In-App PaymentsTheir Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/

        Google Play In-App Payments

        Google Play In-App PaymentsTheir Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/

        Adyen

        AdyenTheir Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://docs.adyen.com/legal/terms-conditions

        PayPal

        PayPalTheir Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Chess.com does not target anyone under the age of 18 ("Children") for use of our Service.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: support@chess.com

Terms of Service 
Put simply: respect others, respect the law, and enjoy yourself!
Chess.com provides its service to you subject to the following terms and conditions (the "Terms of
            Service"). 
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THESE TERMS OF
          SERVICE AND REPRESENT TO US THAT YOU ARE 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AND ARE LEGALLY COMPETENT TO ENTER INTO AND
          AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR ARE THE PARENT OR
          AUTHORIZED GUARDIAN OF SOMEONE LESS THAN 18 YEARS OF AGE FOR WHOM YOU HAVE CREATED AN ACCOUNT. IF YOU DO NOT
          ACCEPT THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THESE TERMS, THEN YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SERVICE. 
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE INCLUDE (1) AN ARBITRATION PROVISION; (2) A WAIVER OF RIGHTS TO BRING A CLASS ACTION
          AGAINST US; AND (3) A RELEASE BY YOU OF ALL CLAIMS FOR DAMAGE AGAINST US THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE
          SERVICES. BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THESE PROVISIONS. 
Services
Chess.com provides a collection of content, resources, tools, and technologies that enable users to enjoy
          chess
          and
          its surrounding culture (the “Service”). You accept
          that the Service may include advertisements. Chess.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to
          modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
          You
          agree that Chess.com shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or
          discontinuance of the Service.
Registration 
In order to be permitted to use the Service, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete
          information about yourself as prompted by the required fields in Service's registration form and in the
          optional
          fields if you so choose; and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate,
          current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or
          if Chess.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or
          incomplete, Chess.com has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or
          future use of the Service. 
Minors & Children
Chess.com is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly children. For this
          reason, parents or guardians of children under the age of 13 who wish to allow their children access to the
          Service
          must create an account that is maintained by a legal guardian of at least 18 years old and monitor the child's
          usage. By allowing a child access to your account, you also give your child permission to access all areas of
          the
          Service. Please remember that the Service is designed to appeal to a broad audience. Accordingly, as the legal
          guardian, it is your responsibility to determine whether any of the Service areas and/or Content are
          appropriate
          for
          your child.
Member Accounts 
While many portions of the Service do not require registration, you may register as a user of Chess.com to
          enjoy
          greater access or privileges. If you choose to register you will receive a username and password upon
          completing
          the
          Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and
          account
          and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a)
          immediately
          notify Chess.com of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b)
          ensure
          that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Chess.com cannot and will not be liable for any
          loss
          or
          damage arising from your failure to protect your account.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Chess.com may access, preserve and disclose your account information
          and
          Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is
          reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to
          claims that any Content
          (as defined below) violates the law or the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer
          service; or (e) protect the rights,
          property or personal safety of Chess.com, its users and the public.
Account Limitations 
You acknowledge that Chess.com may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service,
          including
          without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded
          Content
          will be retained by the Service, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an
          account on the Service, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account
          on
          the
          Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on Chess.com’s servers on your behalf, and the
          maximum
          number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Service in a given period of time. You
          agree
          that Chess.com has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other
          communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that Chess.com
          reserves
          the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that
          Chess.com reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time.
Termination
You agree that Chess.com may, with or without cause, and without prior notice, immediately terminate your
          Chess.com account, any associated email address, and access to the Service. Chess.com may terminate with or
          without
          cause at any time and effective immediately, at Chess.com’s sole discretion, including but not limited to
          Member's
          failure to conform with these terms and conditions of the Agreement. Cause for such termination may
          include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of these Terms of Service or other incorporated
          agreements or
          guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated
          account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Service (or any part thereof), (e)
          unexpected
          technical or security issues or problems, (f) extended periods of inactivity, (g) engagement by you in
          fraudulent or
          illegal activities, and/or (h) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Services. Termination
          of
          your Chess.com account includes (a) removal of access to all offerings within the Service, (b) deletion of
          your
          password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part
          thereof), and (c) barring of further use of the Service. Further, you agree that all terminations shall be
          made in Chess.com’s sole discretion and that Chess.com shall not be liable to you or any third party for
          any
          termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Service.
Member Conduct 
You agree to not use the Service to:

upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful,
            harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, pornographic,
            libelous, invasive of another's privacy,
            hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
          
post any comments, text, messages, or links in the forums or any public comments that contain any
            advertisements of any kind, including religious, political, or recruiting messages for Chess.com groups,
            clubs, blogs, or any other content on or off of Chess.com;
          
post any comments, text, messages, or links in the forums or any public comments that is off topic or
            irrelevant to the purpose and content of the original content, game, article, blog, or forum topic;
          
threaten violence against anyone else or advocate harming yourself;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Chess.com representative, or
            falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
          
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any
            Content transmitted through the Service;
          
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a
            right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
          
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that includes the personal
            information
            of anyone else without their permission or that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright,
            rights of publicity or other proprietary rights of any party;
          
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized
            advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters,"
              "pyramid
              schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas that are designated for such
            purpose;
          
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software
            viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the
            functionality of
            any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
          
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other
            users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
          
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or
            disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
          
access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, Chess.com’s computer systems, or the
            technical
            delivery systems of Chess.com’s providers;
          
probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or
            authentication measures;
          
use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process
            to
            retrieve, index, “data mine,” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or
            presentation
            of the Service or its contents;
          
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international
            law, and any regulations having the force of law; and/or
          
collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and
            activities set forth in the paragraphs above.
          

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any
          portion of the Service (including your Chess.com username), use of the Service, or access to the Service. You
          agree
          that your Chess.com account is non-transferable.
Content
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video,
          messages,
          tags, or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are
          the
          sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not Chess.com,
          are
          entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via
          the
          Service. Chess.com does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the
          accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may
          unintentionally be
          exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Chess.com be
          liable
          in
          any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or
          damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise
          made
          available via the Service.
You acknowledge that Chess.com may or may not pre-screen Content, but that Chess.com and its designees shall
          have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or move any Content
          that
          is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Chess.com and its designees shall have the right
          to remove any Content that violates these Terms of Service or is otherwise objectionable. Chess.com may remove
          any Content on the Service for any reason and may suspend or terminate users or reclaim usernames at any time
          without liability to you. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as
          we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or
          governmental
          request, (ii) enforce the Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii)
          detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support
          requests, or (v) protect the rights, property, or safety of Chess.com, its users, and the public. 
You understand that the Service and software embodied within the Service may include security components that
          permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by
          Chess.com
          and/or content providers who provide content to the Service. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any
          of
          the usage rules embedded into the Service. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or
          public exhibition of the materials provided on the Service, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Chess.com does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service.
          However,
          with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the
          Service,
          you
          grant Chess.com the following worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, non-exclusive
          license, with right of sublicense, to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, transmit,
          publicly perform and publicly display any Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly
          accessible areas of the Service and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now
          known or later developed.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Chess.com and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees,
          partners
          and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party
          due
          to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Service, your
          use of
          the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the Terms of Service, or your violation of any
          rights of
          another.
Dealings With Advertisers
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or
          through
          the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions,
          warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You
          agree
          that Chess.com shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of
          any
          such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service.
Links
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources.
          Because
          Chess.com has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Chess.com is not
          responsible
          for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or
          liable
          for
          any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You
          further
          acknowledge and agree that Chess.com shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
          damage
          or
          loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or
          services available on or through any such site or resource.
Proprietary Rights
All right, title, and interest in and to the Service, including applicable copyrights, trademarks, and any
          other proprietary rights, are and will remain the exclusive property of Chess.com and its licensors. All
          trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other proprietary designations of Chess.com used herein
          are trademarks or registered trademarks of Chess.com. Other product and company names that are mentioned on
          the
          Service may be trademarks of their respective owners. Chess.com reserves all rights not expressly granted in
          these Terms of Service. 
Chess.com grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code
          of
          its
          Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify,
          create a
          derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code,
          sell,
          assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree
          not
          to
          modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without
          limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the
          Service
          by
          any means other than through the interface that is provided by Chess.com for use in accessing the Service.
Trademark Information 
All CHESS.COM trademarks and service marks and other Chess.com logos and product and service names are
          trademarks
          of Chess.com, LLC. Without Chess.com's prior permission, you agree not to display or use these trademarks in
          any
          manner.
Copyright Policy 
Chess.com respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Service to do the
          same.
          Chess.com complies with the federal Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), the text of which may be found
          on
          the U.S. Copyright Office Website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf. We will respond to notices
          of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the DMCA and other applicable law and are properly provided
          to us. If you believe that any Content has been copied or used in a way that constitutes copyright
          infringement,
          please provide us with the following information: 

a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
          
 identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing
            activity,
            and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material (such as a url);
          
your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address;
a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner
            complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
          
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you
            are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
          

If you believe that your removed Content is not actually infringing, or that you have the necessary rights to
          post your Content, please send us a counter-notice containing the following information:

        

a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
          
your physical or electronic signature (with your full legal name);
 identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location
            at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
          
a statement that you have a good faith belief, under penalty of perjury, that the Content was removed or
            disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the Content; and
          
 your name, address, telephone number, and email address, and a statement that you will accept service of
            process from the person who provided the original notification of the alleged infringement.
          

If we receive a counter-notice, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to the person alleging copyright
          infringement and inform that person that we may replace the removed Content. Unless the original person
          alleging
          copyright infringement files an action seeking a court order against the Content provider, member, or user,
          the
          removed Content may be replaced, in ten to fourteen business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice,
          at Chess.com’s sole discretion. 
Please understand that filing a counter-notification may lead to legal proceedings between you and the
          complaining party to determine ownership. Be aware that there may be adverse legal consequences in your
          country
          if you make a false or bad faith allegation by using this process. 
We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice and at our sole
          discretion. In appropriate circumstances, Chess.com may also terminate a user's account if the user is
          determined to be a repeat infringer. Our designated copyright agent for notice of alleged copyright
          infringement
          appearing on the Service is: 
Chess.com, LLC
          PO Box 60400
          Palo Alto, CA 94306 
International Usage
This Service is provided by Chess.com from its offices in the United States of America. Chess.com makes no
          representation that the Service is appropriate or available in other locations. Those who choose to access the
          Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws,
          if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a
          country
          that is subject to a U.S. government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist
          supporting” country, and you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted
          parties. 
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: 

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS
            AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, CHESS.COM EXPRESSLY
            DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY REGARDING THE CHESS.COM
            WEBSITE AND THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
            MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
          
CHESS.COM AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS
            MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED,
            TIMELY,
            SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR
            RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY
            YOU
            THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE USED TO ACCESS OR
            PROVIDE
            THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
          
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS ACCESSED AT
            YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR
            LOSS OF
            DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
          
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CHESS.COM OR THROUGH OR
            FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS OF SERVICE.
          
A SMALL PERCENTAGE OF USERS MAY EXPERIENCE EPILEPTIC SEIZURES WHEN EXPOSED TO CERTAIN LIGHT
            PATTERNS OR BACKGROUNDS ON A COMPUTER SCREEN OR WHILE USING THE SERVICE. CERTAIN CONDITIONS MAY INDUCE
            PREVIOUSLY
            UNDETECTED EPILEPTIC SYMPTOMS EVEN IN USERS WHO HAVE NO HISTORY OF PRIOR SEIZURES OR EPILEPSY. IF YOU, OR
            ANYONE
            IN YOUR FAMILY, HAVE AN EPILEPTIC CONDITION, CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN PRIOR TO USING THE SERVICE. IMMEDIATELY
            DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE AND CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING SYMPTOMS
            WHILE
            USING THE SERVICE: DIZZINESS, ALTERED VISION, EYE OR MUSCLE TWITCHES, LOSS OF AWARENESS, DISORIENTATION, ANY
            INVOLUNTARY MOVEMENT, OR CONVULSIONS.
          

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT CHESS.COM AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES,
          AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL,
          EQUIPMENT DOWNTIME, OR FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, EVEN
          IF CHESS.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, RELATING TO CHESS.COM, THE SERVICE OR ANY
          CONTENT APPEARING ON OR UPLOADED TO THE SERVICE. 
IF, FOR ANY REASON, A COURT FINDS CHESS.COM LIABLE FOR DAMAGES NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT
          SHALL
          THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF CHESS.COM ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR FROM THE
          USE
          OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S.
          DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00). 
THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT,
          STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN
          IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS 
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF
          LIABILITY
          FOR
          INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Arbitration, Controlling Law, and Jurisdiction 
You agree that if you have any dispute with Chess.com relating in any way to these Terms of Service or from
          access to or use of the Service, you will first contact us and attempt to resolve the dispute with us
          informally. If we are unable to resolve the dispute informally, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute,
          or
          controversy (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in connection with
          or
          relating to these Terms by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under
          the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes then in effect for
          the AAA, except as provided herein. The Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) and federal arbitration law shall
          apply
          to these Terms of Service. Unless you and AAA agree otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted in the county
          where you reside. If you intend to seek arbitration you must first send written notice to Chess.com of your
          intent
          to arbitrate (“Notice”). The Notice to Chess.com should be sent by sending the Notice by U.S. Postal Service
          certified mail to: Chess.com, [address]. The Notice must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or
          dispute; and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought. Each party will be responsible for paying any AAA
          filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees in accordance with AAA rules, except that Chess.com will pay for
          your reasonable filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000
          and is non-frivolous (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). Any
          award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys' fees, and
          reasonable
          costs for expert and other witnesses, and any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered
          in
          any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this section shall prevent either party from seeking
          injunctive
          or other
          equitable relief from the courts for matters related to data security, intellectual property, or unauthorized
          access to the Service. ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES’ INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF
          OR
          CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE
          ARBITRATOR
          MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS. YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND
          CHESS.COM ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
 If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above
          is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this section will be null and void. 
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the dispute will be governed by the
          laws of the State of California and the FAA without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions
          or your state or country of residence, and will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in
          Santa Clara County, California, United States. You consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and
          waive any objection as to inconvenient forum.
Modifications to the Terms of Service 
We may modify these Terms at any time, and we will update the most current version at www.chess.com. If we
          determine that we have made a material change, we will notify you by sending you an email to the email address
          you provided when registering for your account or by posting a notice through the Service. If you continue to
          access or use the Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms
          of
          Service.
General Information
 The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Chess.com and governs your use of the
          Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Chess.com with respect to the Service. These Terms
          of
          Service are the entire and exclusive agreement between Chess.com and you regarding the Service, and these
          Terms
          of Service supersede and replace any prior agreements between Chess.com and you regarding the Service
          (excluding
          any services for which you have a separate agreement with Chess.com that is explicitly in addition or in place
          of these Terms of Service). If any provision of these Terms of Service is held invalid, the remainder of the
          Terms of Service shall continue in full force and effect. These Terms of Service and the rights granted and
          obligations undertaken hereunder may not be transferred, assigned, or delegated in any manner by you.
          Chess.com
          may freely assign these Terms of Service, and you expressly agree that any intellectual property rights
          licensed to Chess.com hereunder, including any rights to Content, are transferable to Chess.com’s assignee
          without your consent. The failure of Chess.com to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall
          not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. 
 Subscriber Agreement
Paid subscriptions to Chess.com and other services on this site are governed by the following terms and
          agreement:
Payments
Payments for subscriptions can be made via credit card, PayPal, iTunes, Google Play, money order, or other
          payment methods. All subscriptions are processed in US dollars unless otherwise shown.
Gift subscriptions are charged once only and do not renew. All other subscriptions are auto-renewed until
          cancelled by the subscriber through their account, or by contacting Member Support. Payments made by mail should identify the subscription product
          and should be sent to the address at the bottom of this page.
Services
Subscribers are authorized to receive the services outlined on the subscription page for the duration of
          their
          subscription. Services are effective immediately upon receipt of payment. 
Upgrades/Downgrades
Upgrading can be done at any time and the upgrade price will be pro-rated according to the time used and time
          remaining. The upgrade price will show in the checkout process. Downgrades are not available until after the
          expiration of the original subscription. For help, please contact Member
            Support. 
Refunds
If you are not satisfied, please contact Member Support. All first-time
          subscriptions are given a 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Once a member has received a refund they are no longer
          eligible for the 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Refunds will NOT be given to subscribers who are banned from the
          site due to violating the Terms and Conditions of site use (abusive behavior, cheating, etc). 
If you have any questions regarding the above policies please contact us.
        
 Chess.com
          PO Box 60400
          Palo Alto, CA 94306 
Last Update: February 15, 2018
 
