

KZN Provincial Treasury is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the KZN Provincial Treasury Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the KZN Provincial Treasury website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. 
Collection of your P​ersonal Information

KZN Provincial Treasury collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. KZN Provincial Treasury also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by KZN Provincial Treasury. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by KZN Provincial Treasury for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the KZN Provincial Treasury Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through KZN Provincial Treasury public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: KZN Provincial Treasury does not read any of your private online communications.
KZN Provincial Treasury encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from KZN Provincial Treasury so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. KZN Provincial Treasury is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the KZN Provincial Treasury and KZN Provincial Treasury family of Web sites. 
Use of your Persona​l Information

KZN Provincial Treasury collects and uses your personal information to operate the KZN Provincial Treasury Web site and deliver the services you have requested. KZN Provincial Treasury also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from KZN Provincial Treasury and its affiliates. KZN Provincial Treasury may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
KZN Provincial Treasury does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. KZN Provincial Treasury may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, KZN Provincial Treasury may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to KZN Provincial Treasury, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
KZN Provincial Treasury does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
KZN Provincial Treasury keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within KZN Provincial Treasury, in order to determine what KZN Provincial Treasury services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within KZN Provincial Treasury to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
KZN Provincial Treasury Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on KZN Provincial Treasury or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of KZN Provincial Treasury; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of KZN Provincial Treasury, or the public. 
Use of Coo​kies
 
               ​​The KZN Provincial Treasury Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize KZN Provincial Treasury pages, or register with KZN Provincial Treasury site or services, a cookie helps KZN Provincial Treasury to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same KZN Provincial Treasury Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the KZN Provincial Treasury features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the KZN Provincial Treasury services or Web sites you visit. 
Security of your Personal Information

KZN Provincial Treasury secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. KZN Provincial Treasury secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. 
Changes to this State​​ment

KZN Provincial Treasury will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. KZN Provincial Treasury encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how KZN Provincial Treasury is protecting your information. 
Contact Info​​rmation

KZN Provincial Treasury welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that KZN Provincial Treasury has not adhered to this Statement, please contact KZN Provincial Treasury at sibongeleni.xaba@kzntreasury.gov.za. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. 


