
Privacy Statement


1. Your Privacy Is Our Aim
This privacy statement contains information on which data Thomas-Krenn.AG, Speltenbach-Steinäcker 1, D-94078 Freyung (hereinafter: "Thomas-Krenn.AG" or "we"), collects and how we process this data. 
Thank you for your interest in our company as well as our products and/or services. We want you to feel secure when visiting our website, particularly when it comes to the protection of your personal data. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Compliance with the provisions laid out in the Federal Data Protection Act is a matter of course for us. We want to inform you about what data we collect, when this takes place and how we use it. We have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that data protection regulations are observed both by us as well as by external service providers.

2. Personal Data
Personal data is information on your identity. This includes data such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address as well as additional details such as your marital status, religion, etc. It is not necessary for you to disclose personal data in order to use our website. In certain cases, we will however need your name and address as well as further data in order to provide you with the desired services. The same is true for the shipment of informational material, requested services or for responding to certain inquiries. We will inform you accordingly whenever this should become necessary. Furthermore, we only save and process data that you provide us with voluntarily or automatically. Insofar as you have ordered services, we will generally only collect that data which we need to render the particular service. Should we request additional data, this refers to voluntary information. The processing of personal data is done exclusively for the purpose of rendering the requested service and to safeguard our own legitimate business interests.

3. Restricted Use of Data
According to the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act, we will only collect, process and use the personal data you provide us with for the purposes we have indicated. Your data will never be sold or leased to third parties. We only transmit your personal data to third parties in cases where an official directive or court order exists or in cases where it is necessary for contract fulfillment, credit protection or where your explicit consent has been provided. Our employees and the service companies commissioned by us are obligated to maintain confidentiality and are required to observe the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act. We will never use your data for third-party marketing or market research insofar as your explicit consent has not been provided.
 
4. Automatically Collected Non-personal Data
When using our website, the following data is saved for organizational and technical reasons: names of pages visited, browser used, operating system, date and time of the access, search engine used, names of downloaded files, your IP address and the account with which you logged into the site. We evaluate this technical data anonymously and only for statistical purposes in order to constantly optimize our website and make our internet offers more attractive. Furthermore, we use this data to detect, document and deter cases of abuse. This website uses Google Analytics, a web service from Google Inc. (hereinafter: "Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies, which are text files saved to your computer that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website is generally transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If IP-anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the whole IP address first transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. Google uses this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address that your browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics is not associated with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the storage of the cookies by an adjusting your browser settings. We would like to point out that such settings may limit some features of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link.
You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website: Deactivate Google Analytics
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at this link or the following link. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics has been supplemented by the code "gat._anonymizeIp();" in order to ensure anonymized collection of IP addresses ("IP masking").
We also use Google Analytics to analyze data from AdWords and the DoubleClick cookie for statistical purposes. Should you not wish to be part of this, you can deactivate this in the Ads settings.
Furthermore, our website uses Crazy Egg, a web analytics service from Crazy Egg, Inc., that specializes in web usability. This service is used to optimize our site to the needs of our users. The service assesses how users interact with the site. No personal data is saved by this service. If you would rather not have your visits recorded by this service, you can "opt out" of the Crazy Egg analysis by following the instructions on this page.
We use Eloqua for the login to our e-mail service. The servers for Eloqua are located in Canada. Eloqua places a permanent cookie on the respective login page if your device does not already have an Eloqua cookie stored on it. If you have already used a website that uses Eloqua, you may already have this cookie. We occasionally use the Eloqua cookie to analyze a user's use of our sites for optimization purposes. E-mails that are sent via Eloqua use tracking technology. We mainly use this data to find out which topics interest you by monitoring whether our e-mails are opened and what links you click on. This information is then used to improve the e-mails that we send you and the services we provide. If you would like to block the use of Eloqua cookies on your device in the future, you can do so via this link. If you don't want us to be able to recognize your computer (hard drive cookies), you can set your browser to delete all cookies from your hard drive, block all new cookies or warn you before saving a cookie. If your computer does not accept any cookies, you will not be able to use some of our services. In general, cookies allow us to determine who you are and thereby provide better and more personalized services.
 
This website uses the Optimizely web analytics service provided by Optimizely Inc. for A/B and multivariate testing. This service uses cookies to identify a visitor's browser and analyze the use of this website. The cookies do not collect any personal information. More information about how Optimizely processes your data can be found at https://www.optimizely.com/privacy. You can disable Optimizely tracking at any time by following the instructions on https://www.optimizely.com/opt_out or clicking the following link: https://www.thomas-krenn.com/?optimizely_opt_out=true
 
5. The Use of Cookies
When you visit one of our websites, we may store a cookie on your computer. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer. This information is used to automatically recognize you when you return to our websites, thus making it easier for you to navigate our sites. Cookies allow us to modify our services to suit your preferences for example. Of course, you can view our sites without cookies. If you do not wish that we are able to recognize your computer, you can set your browser to block cookies. To do this, please follow the operating instructions of your browser. Please note that you may not be able to access all services provided on our websites if your computer does not accept cookies.

6. Security
We have implemented technical and organizational data security measures to ensure that your personal data is protected against loss, destruction, manipulation, or access by unauthorized persons. All employees and all third parties involved in the processing of data are obliged to comply with the Federal Data Protection Act and to ensure strict confidentiality with regard to all personal data. When collecting and processing personal data, this information is transmitted in an encrypted form to prevent misuse of the data by third parties. Our security measures are adapted on an ongoing basis in accordance with the development of technical standards.

7. General Notice on External Links
Links to third-party websites may be present on our website for your information. We have no influence on the content or design of external websites operated by third parties. The content of this privacy statement may not apply to these external sites. Therefore, please read the privacy statement of the respective site.

8. Changes to the Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify our security and data protection provisions insofar as this is necessary due to technical developments. In such cases, we will also adapt our privacy statement. Therefore, please refer to the respectively current version of our privacy statement.

9. Right to Information / Right to Object
You may at any time request to be informed about any personal data we are storing about you. Furthermore, you may revoke your consent to the collection and storage of your personal data by us at any time. In such cases, please contact info@thomas-krenn.com.

10. (Data) Controller
The controller in the sense of the Federal Data Protection Act is:
Thomas-Krenn.AG
Speltenbach-Steinäcker 1
D-94078 Freyung
Tel: +49 8551 9150 0
Fax: +49 8551 9150 55
info@thomas-krenn.com
www.thomas-krenn.com

11. Data Protection Officer
If you have any further questions with regard to data protection or the processing of your personal data, please feel free to contact our data protection officer:
Mr. Detlef Paßberger – P-teck
Ries 120
94034 Passau
Tel: +49 851 379 301 28
detlef.passberger@p-teck.de
www.p-teck.de
 
Download the Privacy Statement in PDF format
 