
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
We are bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and must protect your personal information according to that Act and other applicable laws, such as the Spam Act 2007 (Cth) (‘Privacy Laws’).
This is only a summary of our Privacy Policy. Download a copy of our full Privacy Policy (PDF), view the full Privacy Policy online, or contact us for a free printed copy.
Privacy Statement and Declaration
We collect personal information from you to process your application, provide you with your product or service, and manage your product or service. Read the full Privacy Statement and Declaration.
What kinds of personal information do we collect and hold?
When you apply for, register your interest in, or enquire about a product or service, we collect information that is reasonably necessary to be able to provide you with those products or services. For instance, we may ask for identification information such as your name, address and date of birth.
Why do we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?
The main reason we collect, use, hold and disclose personal information is so we can provide you with products and services (including where applicable, third party products and services) and to help us run our business. This may include:

checking your eligibility for the product or service;
assisting you where online applications are not completed;
providing you with the product or service;
helping you manage the product or service;
 helping us develop insights and conduct data analysis to improve the delivery of products and services, enhance our  customer relationships and effectively manage risks; and
understanding your interests and preferences so we can tailor digital content.

How do we collect personal information?
We collect most personal information directly from you whether in person, on the phone or electronically, for example when you visit our websites, online banking services or use our mobile or tablet applications;
Sometimes we collect personal information about you from other people or organisations, for example from other Westpac Group companies, publicly available sources of information and credit reporting bodies or service providers, such as companies that provide fraud prevention reports.
How do we hold and protect your personal information?
Much of the information we hold about you will be stored electronically in secure data centres located in Australia. We also store information in other Westpac Group secure data centres or the data centres of our contracted service providers (including cloud storage providers),  and some of these data centres may be located outside Australia.
We use a range of physical, electronic and other security measures to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of the personal information we hold both in Australia and overseas..
Who do we disclose your personal information to, and why?
We may share your personal information with other Westpac Group companies. Sometimes we may disclose your personal information to organisations outside the Westpac Group who help us deliver or support our provision of products and services to you. For example our agents, contractors and contracted service providers, insurers, and credit reporting bodies.
Do we disclose personal information overseas?
We may disclose your personal information to a recipient located outside Australia. For example, this may include the following:

Westpac Group companies;
our contracted service providers operating overseas; and
organisations operating overseas with whom we partner to provide goods and services and who are likely to be located in the United States.

Do we use or disclose personal information for marketing?
We may use your personal information to directly offer you products and services that we believe may be of interest and value to you, but we will not do this if you tell us not to. These products and services may be offered by a member of the Westpac Group or one of its preferred suppliers by various means, including by mail, telephone, email, SMS or through social media or targeted advertising through Westpac Group or non-Westpac websites or our online banking services.
When we market products and services to you, we will comply with applicable Privacy Laws to obtain your consent if required.
If you do not want to receive marketing offers from us, please contact us using the contact details or opt-out facility provided to you.
Access to and correction of personal information
You can request access to the personal information we hold about you. You can also ask for corrections to be made. To do so, please contact us.
Resolving your privacy concerns and complaints – your rights
If you have a question or complaint about how your personal information is being handled by us, our affiliates or contracted service providers, please contact us first using the contact details provided below.
If you are unhappy with our response, you can contact our Westpac Group Customer Advocate who can conduct an independent review of your matter at customeradvocate@westpac.com.au.  
Under the Privacy Act you may complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) about the way we handle your personal information. Please note the OAIC requires any complaint must first be made to the respondent organisation. The law also allows 30 days for the respondent organisation to deal with the complaint before a person may make a complaint to the OAIC.
The Commissioner can be contacted at:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner GPO Box 5218  Sydney NSW 2001 Phone: 1300 363 992 Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au www.oaic.gov.au
 
The Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) and Australian Financial Complaints Authority can consider certain privacy complaints relating to either the provision of credit or credit reporting information in general.
• Financial Ombudsman Service Australia if lodged before 1 November 2018: Online: www.fos.org.au Email: info@fos.org.au Phone: 1800 367 287 Mail: Financial Ombudsman Service Limited GPO Box 3 Melbourne VIC 3001; or
• Australian Financial Complaints Authority if lodged on or after 1 November 2018: Online: www.afca.org.au Email: info@afca.org.au Phone: 1800 931 678 Mail: Australian Financial Complaints Authority GPO Box 3 Melbourne VIC 3001
Contact us
You can contact us by:

calling 13 33 30 – call centres are open 8am – 8pm, Monday - Saturday from anywhere in Australia;
visiting any of our branches in person;
online at stgeorge.com.au – using our secure feedback form to provide feedback, share your suggestions, or provide a complaint or compliment; or
write to us at Reply Paid 5265, Sydney NSW 2001.

 