
CareersPortal.ie is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We want to provide a safe, secure user experience. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private, and is used only for the purposes as set forth herein. The following reflects our commitment to you and discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: www.careersportal.ie. CareersPortal Visits The CareersPortal.ie website logs IP addresses, browser types and length of user sessions for administration purposes. We gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users access the most. We use your IP address to help us diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website and to help improve the quality of service available on this site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that the user session will be tracked but the user will be anonymous. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial to our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for our users. We only gather the personal information we need to fulfil your requirements.MembershipIf you join CareersPortal.ie by completing the registration (Signup) form, our database will contain the information you provide. We store only a minimum amount of information, enough to ensure that any data stored in your Career File can be retrieved by you alone. We WILL NOT sell, rent or trade your personal details to any third parties. Choice/Opt-out If you require that your personal information be removed from our files, please send an email to info@careersportal.ie with your request.LinksThis site may provide links to other sites. Privacy policies on these sites may differ from that on the CareersPortal.ie site, and we advise that you review the other site's policies before providing personal information. While every care has been taken to ensure the high quality and standard of sites to which we link, CareersPortal.ie can take no responsibility for the content of these sites.SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control. Information held by this site is stored on password-protected machines, behind a firewall and not accessible to the general public via the Web. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact: Durrow Communications+353 1 4402314info@careersportal.ie

