
Our Commitments
Updated May 2018 in line with GDPR Compliance The following reflects our commitment to you and discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for these web sites: www.careersportal.ie and www.saoloibre.ie. We adhere to Irish and European data protection law.CareersPortal.ie is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. CareersPortal fully respects your right to privacy and will not collect or use any personal information without your clear permission or a legitimate purpose. We want to provide a safe, secure user experience. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private. We only collect and process the necessary data to set up a user’s online profile and ensure they have the best experience of the site. This information is stored securely and treated with the strictest confidence.This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites accessed through external links on our site.Personal InformationThe categories of personal information that we process include:•    Name•    School •    Email address•    Educational statusCareersPortal does not collect any unnecessary information regarding its users such as gender, race, mobile phone numbers or date of birth, except for the information necessary to meet the requirements of the digital age of consent.
Career File1 - The freely available Career File will store the following information only if you provide it.

Results of the Career Interests Profiler
Results of the Personality Profiler
Results of the Study Skills assessment
Any data entered into the Career Pad
Any content saved to your Careers Library
Your Educational level.
Your School or College

This information is only used in the delivery and improvement of CareersPortal.ie and Saoloibre.ie. The information is not used for profiling or micro targeting and we WILL NOT sell, rent or trade this information to any third parties.

For personal accounts, your Career File is private - you are the only user who can access this information.

2 - Access to our REACH+ programme is by subscription only, and we store additional information to that stored in the freely available Career File. The information we store is whatever you provide, and may include information you provide verbally to your Guidance Counsellor and noted by them. 

For Reach+ accounts, your REACH+ account forms part of your schools' Career Guidance programme and may be viewed by your Guidance Counsellor and any Staff assigned to Careers education by the Guidance Counsellor. All information is for the purpose of delivering their programme and providing personal guidance.
You may withdraw all of your information from the School at any time by removing yourself from the school in your Account Details section.

3 - Access to our MyFuture+ programme is by voluntary agreement only, and in doing so you agree to share your Career File with your Service Provider (MyFuture+ – Further Education), or the staff member assigned to you (MyFuture+ – NextSteps) for the duration of your agreement.

The information we store is whatever you provide, and may also include feedback by your Service Provider/Tutors used as part of your assignments.
All information is for the purpose of delivering their programme and providing personal guidance.
You may withdraw all of your information from the Service Provider at any time by removing yourself from the Provider in your Account Details section.

Why we collect and use this information

To help users assess their interests, goals and skills.
To direct users to courses and careers that suit their interests, goals and skills.
To ensure that any data stored in your Career File can be retrieved by the user alone
To test and improve the site, so we can continually deliver a better experience to our users.

Website VisitsTechnical details in connection with visits to the website are logged for our statistical purposes. The technical details logged include the following:•    The IP address of the internet connectionAn IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the internet. When you visit any web page in our website, our servers log your IP address. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.        •    The type of browser and device usedA web browser is the piece of software used to display web pages. As each browser and device can present unique user experiences and technical issues, tracking the ones used to access the website allows our developers to optimise the site.•    The date and time you accessed the siteLarge changes in the number of people accessing a website can impact the performance of the site. Tracking the number of people using the site at each point in the day is necessary to manage the stability and security of the website.•    The pages accessed, links clicked on and documents downloadedInformation on how users explore the site allows our developers to deliver the best experience possible. With it we can present information in the most intuitive, accessible manner.   •    The previous website address from where you reached us, including any search terms usedWe collect this information to understand how users arrive at CareersPortal. The information is used to improve the user experience and to improve the visibility and accessibility of the site.This information is used to allow us to improve the information we are supplying to our users, find out how many people are visiting our site and for statistical purposes. Some of the above information is used to create summary statistics which allow us to access the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, discover what information is most and least used, inform us on future design and layout specifications, and help us make our site more user friendly.CookiesA cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive to identify you as the user of the website. Many internet sites use cookies. CareersPortal uses Cookies to track the user accessing the website, their use of the site and any repeat visits made by that user.  Third PartiesWe WILL NOT sell, rent or trade your personal details to any third parties such as external marketing companies or recruiters. Any information gathered is utilised solely in the maintenance and delivery of the Careers Portal website and our educational programs such as Reach+, MyFuture+ and the National Career Skills Competition. Digital Age of ConsentCareersPortal wishes to assure all users that measures have been put in place to ensure that we comply with the new GDPR stipulation that all children under 16 are required to have parental consent before providing us with their personal data. Any personal data provided to us by individuals, be they under 16 or over 16, will be treated with the upmost care and security.Data RetentionWe do not retain your personal data for longer than it is necessary for us to comply with the purpose for which you gave it to us.  Any personal data which you provide to us using this website will be used in line with the purposes for which you provided it. Accessing Your InformationYou are entitled to see the information we hold about you. On written request to info@careersportal.ie, we supply copies of your personal data which you may have supplied to us using our website.  CareersPortal’s mission is to provide users with a resource that allows them to research and decide on future careers, employment and educational options. We do not process personal data for any other reason than to provide this service to our users.
Should any user have any questions about their personal data, or wish their personal data to be amended, accessed or erased, please do not hesitate to contact us at info@careersportal.ie

