
Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies
We may receive personal information about you from credit reference and fraud prevention agencies.
When you order any product or subscribe for any service we or our partner companies may check your records at credit reference and fraud prevention agencies.
When credit reference agencies receive a search request, they will place a search footprint on your credit file that may be seen by other organisations (whether or not your application proceeds). Credit reference agencies supply to us or our partner companies both public (including the electoral register) and shared credit and fraud prevention information.
If you are making a joint application or tell us you have a spouse or financial associate we may link your records together so you must be sure that you have their agreement to disclose personal information about them. Credit reference agencies also link your records together and these links will remain on your and their files until such time as you or your partner successfully file(s) for a disassociation with the credit reference agencies to break that link.
If you require details of those credit reference and fraud prevention agencies from whom we obtain and with whom we share your personal information or further details about the use of your personal information by credit reference and fraud prevention agencies please contact our Data Protection Act Services Team (see section below, Maintaining the personal information we hold for you).
Network operators and service providers
We may receive personal information about you from other network operators and service providers in connection with some of our services. You agree to such service providers and operators providing us with access to, and transferring to us, any of your personal information to allow us to connect you to, and to provide you with, the services.
Information providers
We may receive personal information about you from information providers, for example marketing lists or lifestyle, interest and preference information. We may add this information to the existing personal information we hold about you.

