
This document was last updated on 24th September 2018
DEFINITIONS
“the Company” means Auto Records Ltd, Unit 3B, Clane Business Park, Kilcock Road, Clane, Co. Kildare
“the Site” means www.cartell.ie and www.carhistory.ie
1. Acknowledgement and acceptance of terms
Auto Records Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement explains our current privacy practices with regard to the information the Company collects when you or your computer interacts with the Site. By accessing the Site, you acknowledge and fully understand the Company’s Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Statement.
2. Who are we?
We are Auto Records DAC, trading as Cartell.ie, providing Ireland’s first and No.1 car history check, Unit 3B, Clane Business Park, Kilcock Road, Clane, Co. Kildare, W91 NT99, Ireland.
3. Information We Collect and How We Use It
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about purchasing our services. The Company collects information from and about its users in three ways: personal information provided directly by the user, from our Web Server logs and with Cookies.
a. Personal Information Users
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, telephone number. If you are purchasing a service, we will request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider (see Payment Processing below). For other types of registrations, we will ask for the relevant information.The information that you supply will be held on a relevant filing system which may be a computer database, or any other database/system.
How We Use your information
We may use your personal information to: process a request by you to purchase a service; carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us; provide assistance and information to you for example to provide customer service or online technical support and troubleshooting in instances where critical information provided to you has changed; contact you to double-check information you have entered on the Site including mileage information; seek your views or comments on the services we provide; process a car history service you have requested on behalf of AA Ireland; notify you of changes to our services; send to you service messages from time to time; send you communications which you have requested and which may be of interest to you (see “Opt-in” for News, Offers and Competitions below); we may also use your personal information to assist with requests made to us from time to time by Law Enforcement Authorities (i.e. An Garda Síochána) who may require the information to assist them with matters of law enforcement where the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
Your personal information may be processed, recorded and retained by us in electronic form. You agree, pursuant to the Electronic Commerce Act 2000, that Auto Records Ltd may communicate with you electronically in relation to the services you have purchased, and that it may rely on such electronic communications,  in any dealing with you.
Who has access to your information?
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:

To fulfill your service requests for services.
To protect ourselves from liability,
To respond to legal process or comply with law, or
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the Company.

How long do we retain your information? 
We retain your personal information on our systems for the longest of the following periods: (i) as long as is necessary for the relevant activity or services; (ii) any retention period that is required by law; or (iii) the end of the period in which litigation or investigations might arise in respect of the services.
“Opt-in” for News, Offers and Competitions
If you “opt-in” to receive our emails about news, offers and competitions we use MailChimp as our data processor for the collection (e.g., via sign-up forms) and storage of your personal information (your name and email address) and the transfer of your personal information (your name and email address) to certain of MailChimp’s sub-processors who perform some critical services, such as helping MailChimp prevent abuse and providing support to their customers.
You may “opt-out” at any time: on the Site homepage you will find at the bottom of the page “unsubscribe” – simply click the link and enter your email address and click “unsubscribe”.
Payment Processing
We use Stripe for payment, analytics, and other business services. Stripe collects identifying information about the devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at https://stripe.com/privacy.
Depending on the payment method you select to avail of one of our services we also use Google Pay and Apple Pay as data processors for the collection and verification of your personal information (payment details). We also provide you the option to use Paypal.
How we Protect your Data
The Company takes great measures to protect your personal data. The Company operates from a physically secure environment. Access to this environment is restricted to necessary personnel only. The Company never stores financial details such as your credit card number. All sensitive data transmitted to and from this environment is delivered over encrypted channels. This environment is subject to regular audit to ensure the technology employed is the most appropriate and secure. Firewalls protect the IT environment from unauthorised access; access to systems are permanently monitored.
b. Web Server Logs
When you visit the Site, the Company may track information to administer the site and analyse its usage. Examples of information we may track include:

Your Internet protocol address.
The kind of browser or computer you use.
Number of links you click within the Site.
The location from which you accessed the Site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to the Site from.
Pages you viewed on the Site.

c. Use of Cookies
The Company uses cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience.A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server.Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web Server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
The Company reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as merging into the Site another site that relies on third-party cookies).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on the Site.
The Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies. For more information on how Google uses your data and how you can opt-out of Google Analytics please visit the following page from Google.
4. Right of Access and Correction
In accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 (“DPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) you have the right, subject to certain exemptions and conditions, to receive a copy of all your personal information held by the Company and to have any inaccuracies in your personal information corrected, your data removed, or object to processing of your personal information. You also may have a right to have your personal information provided to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (“data portability”) and a right to transmit that information to another data controller where this is technically feasible.
Personal information primarily relates to the following categories of information: your name, your address, your email, and your telephone number. If you would like a copy of the personal information to which you are entitled which is held by us, a written request is required (See Making a Request below). You may be required to provide us with sufficient information in order that we can verify your identity and locate your information. If you inform us of any inaccuracy in your personal information, we will promptly correct the inaccuracy upon verification.
(i) Making a Request
Under the Data Protection Acts and/or the General Data Protection Regulation you may receive a copy of your personal information held by Auto Records Ltd on request.
In order to respond to your request we require you to:
1. Request the Access Request Form from our Customer Services Department by emailing info@cartell.ie or writing a letter to Auto Records Ltd, Unit 3B, Clane Business Park, Kilcock Road, Clane, Co. Kildare;
2. Complete, sign and date the Access Request Form. Please be as specific as possible about the information you wish to access;
3. Post or email the Access Request Form to: The Customer Services Department, Auto Records Ltd, Unit 3B, Clane Business Park, Kilcock Road, Clane, Co. Kildare or email info@cartell.ie
Please note the following important requirement:
We reserve the right not to process an access request where a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
(ii) Responding to your Access Request
Once we have received your fully completed Access Request Form we shall respond to you as fast as possible and always within the statutory period of one month.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your access request you are entitled to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commissioner who may investigate the matter for you. The Data Protection Commissioner’s website contains useful information on access requests and other data protection issues at www.dataprotection.ie; email: info@dataprotection.ie; telephone: +353 (0)57 8684800; Lo Call: 1890 252 231.
5. Use of Web Beacons or GIF files
The Site may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow the Company to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services.The Company may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications.These Web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer.This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site.The Company prohibits Web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
6. Participating Merchant Policies
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including third party sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in the Company’s services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy.However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites.We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
7. Changes to this Statement
The Company has the discretion to occasionally update this Privacy Statement. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page.We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
8. Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us. info@cartell.ie or send your comments to:
Auto Records Ltd
Attention:Privacy Statement Personal
Unit 3B Clane Business Park
Kilcock Road
Clane
Co. Kildare

