

AGE AND ACCESS

By requesting, accessing, and/or downloading any pages or files from Open
Mind Media Inc's (OMM's)
websites, you (the User) are acknowledging your agreement and acceptance of this
User Agreement.


        By requesting and viewing files and pages from OMM websites and servers,
you certify that:


 you are 18 years 
        of age or older;


 you are familiar with all local and federal laws affecting your legal right to access
adult-oriented materials;


 you have the legal right to access adult-oriented materials and OMM has the legal right to transmit them to you;


 and


 you will not share these materials with, make them available to, or make them
accessible by, any other persons, especially not minors or non-consenting adults.



YOUR PRIVACY



Each time you request a page or
image from this website, the server logs your IP#, provider, browser type, and the
URL of the previous page viewed.  The data is saved to generate statistics about web visitors
as a group.  It is not stored in order to reveal anything to anyone about
your specific accesses as an individual.
 Non-customer emails from the user to our staff may be excerpted for
posting; your email should contain information as to what information you wish
to remain private, whether you wish to remain anonymous, and whether you want
your email address to remain confidential.  Each email must contain privacy
instructions for the content of that same email.
 PAYING CUSTOMERS:  Customer emails from the customer to our staff
regarding the membership and account are considered private and
confidential.  Your name, your address, your email address, your phone
number, your account information, and all other information you provide as a
customer, are considered private and confidential.  This information is
accessible only to Open Mind Media staff and staff of companies associated with
running this site and providing your services (for instance, the company that
does billing system: Verotel.com).  Your personal data is not provided to
unrelated third parties, and my company does not send spam or emails unrelated
to the operation of the website. 



COPYRIGHT

All materials 
        on OMM websites and servers are copyrighted by Open Mind Media (except
electronic messages posted by users and specific material attributed to other
copyrights).  All materials on OMM websites are protected 
        under treaty provisions and worldwide copyright laws. Materials 
        in and from any part of this website may not be reproduced, copied, edited, 
        published, transmitted or uploaded in any way without the written permission 
        of Open Mind Media.  ("Fair Use" laws provide only for
extremely limited use of samples for the purpose of review or education.)
Materials displayed on public pages are not be
construed to be uncopyrighted nor "in public domain".
Persons uploading, publishing or reselling Open Mind Media
copyrighted material will be in violation of:
the international Berne
Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, which
established in 1886 a copyright common-law for nations around the world;
 Federal
law 17 USC 501, which protects owners of copyrighted material;
and/or
 Federal
law 18 USC 2257, which requires publishers (including webmasters) to have
documented proof of each model's adult age on file.
If you email any content to OMM, any processing of that material will be done
according to your stated copyright limitations and instructions included in the
same email transmission.
If you believe that your work is appearing on an OMM website and has been copied in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement, Open Mind Media can be reached as follows:
Open Mind Media, Inc.  Attn: Copyright
11024 Balboa #727
Granada Hills CA 91344 U.S.A.
Please provide to OMM the following written information:
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is
not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a description of the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you believe is infringing is located
on the site;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in
your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to
act on the copyright owner's behalf;
your name;
your electronic or physical signature;
and
your address, telephone number, and email address.


WEBSITE CONTENT, FILE CONTENT


Some OMM files contain mature adult content. Webpages leading to access to
these files are identified by clearly labeled entry pages.
By using the service, you may be exposed to content that you find offensive,
indecent or objectionable. OMM is not liable in any way
for any content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in
any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the
use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via
the service.


PUBLIC COMMUNICATION AREAS / USER CONTRIBUTIONS

Guestbook pages, Chatrooms, and
Message Board pages are publicly accessible to anyone on the
internet.  Public posts transmitted and uploaded by users 
        to such pages will be accessible to the 
        general public.  User posts are not pre-screened before posting.  They are
automatically posted.  OMM reserves the right (but not the obligation) to edit or delete posts. 
OMM
does not control the content posted via the service and, as such, does not
guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content.  Open Mind Media disclaims
any liability with respect to content in the public communication areas.
All information, files, data, text, photographs, graphics, video, messages or
other materials ("content"), whether publicly posted or privately
transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such content
originated. You, not OMM, are entirely responsible for all content that you
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the service. 
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all
applicable laws regarding your online conduct and acceptable content.
You agree not to post infringing, defamatory, libelous or otherwise unlawful material, 
        or any material deemed excessively violent, harassing, threatening or 
        otherwise objectionable.  It is
OMM's right, but not obligation, to monitor, delete and/or modify such posts
and/or report such posts to legal authorities.  If you are aware of any such material posted 
        on this site, please contact OMM.



 LIMITED LICENSE (USE OF SERVICE)


OMM provides the materials on this site for personal, 
        non-commercial use by viewers, guests, visitors, and members of this
website. Users are granted 
        a single copy license to download or print each file and/or page made available for downloading found 
        on this site for personal, non-commercial use only. OMM 
        reserves the right to limit the amount of materials downloaded. Users may not: 

 use 
        any of the materials found in any area of this website for any public 
        display, performance, sale or rental; 

 remove, modify or alter any 
        copyright or other proprietary notice, or trademarks from any of the materials 
        found in any area of this website; 

or 

 otherwise transfer any 
        material located in any area of this website to any other person 
        or entity. 
If at any time you breach or violate any provision of this User
Agreement, OMM reserves the right to terminate this license. 
You agree to hold OMM, and its staff, subsidiaries, and affiliates, harmless
from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any
third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post, transmit or make
available through the service, your use of the service, your connection to the
service, your violation of the User Agreement, or your violation of any rights
of another. 



USER CONDUCT


You agree to not use the service to:
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that
you do not have a right to make available under any law;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that is
unlawful, harmful, threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, or invasive of
another's privacy;
impersonate any person or entity for any unlawful or malicious purpose,
including, but not limited to, OMM staff members, monitors or hosts;
falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or
entity;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or
unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, or any other
form of solicitation;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state,
national or international law;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another person or entity;
collect or store personal data about other users for illegal or malicious
purposes;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed
to interrupt, destroy, impose surveillance, or limit the functionality of any
computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
or
interfere with or disrupt the service or servers or networks connected to the
service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of
networks connected to the service.


LEGAL COMPLIANCE
All persons appearing on Open Mind Media
websites, in adult-content context, are consenting adults, 18 years of age or
older.  OMM keeps documentation of verification of models' adult age on
file.  Some images made before July 3, 1995 may lack this
documentation.
OMM's website images do not depict actual sexually
explicit conduct (sexual congress).  Any depictions of sexual congress are
simulated.



 DISCLAIMER


Your use of the service is at your sole risk.
The materials on this website are provided "as is" without any express
or implied warranty of any kind including warranties of merchantability,
noninfringement of intellectual property or fitness for a particular purpose.
OMM offers no assurance of uninterrupted or error-free service. this website
does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text,
graphics, links or other items contained on this web site. OMM may change any of
the information found at this site at any time without notice. OMM makes no
commitment to update the information found at this site. OMM shall not be liable
for any damages arising out of the use or inability to use the material or
information available on this site.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service
is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible
for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the
download of any such material.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from OMM
or through or from the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in
the terms of service.
OMM makes no warranty that:
the service will meet your requirements,
the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free,
the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate
or reliable,
the quality of any products, services, information, or other material
purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations,
and/or
any errors in the software will be corrected.
OMM shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for
loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if OMM has
been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from:
the use or the inability to use the service;
the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any
goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received
or transactions entered into through or from the service;
unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data;
statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or
any other matter relating to the service.Your access to OMM files is a
privilege, not a right.  If OMM deems that your access is inconsistent with
the goals of this website, your access may be temporarily or permanently
restricted or blocked.


CHANGES OF SERVICE

OMM reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, the service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. OMM shall
not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the
service.
If OMM believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the
letter or spirit of the User Agreement, OMM, in its sole discretion, may
terminate your access or use of the service, or any part thereof, for any
reason.
 OMM has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or
failure to store any messages and other communications or other content
maintained or transmitted by the service.


THIRD PARTIES


        This site contains links to other Web sites or resources which are controlled by third parties. 
        Those linked sites are not under the control of OMM, and OMM is not responsible for the
content or policies of any linked site 
        or any link contained in a link site. OMM provides 
        those links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link 
        does not imply endorsement by OMM of any linked site.
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions
of, advertisers found on or through the service, including payment and delivery
of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or
representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such
advertiser. OMM shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any
sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the
presence of such advertisers on the service.


 VENUE 

        This site is maintained and operated by OMM via offices in Greater Los Angeles, California, United States of America.
OMM makes no representation that the materials available on this site 
        are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to 
        them from jurisdictions where their contents are illegal is prohibited. In the event of a dispute arising out of or relating 
        to this User Agreement, or your use of or access to this site, you and OMM agree to submit to the personal
and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Los
Angeles, California.  The failure of OMM to exercise or enforce any right or
provision of this User Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
provision. If any provision of this User Agreement is found by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the
court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in
the provision, and the other provisions of the User Agreement remain in full
force and effect.


LEGAL NOTES

The section titles (headers) in this User Agreement are for convenience only
and have no legal or contractual effect.
Members (customers) of this site are additionally subject to the Member
User Agreement, accessible via the Sign-Up/Join page of this website.


 CONTACT


This User Agreement may be updated by OMM from time to time without active
transmittal of  notice
to you.  If the User Agreement is updated or changed, the link and date of such
change will be posted on the entry page (main directory index page) of each
affected Open Mind Media website, to be visible to all visiting users.
Open Mind Media,
Inc.
11024 Balboa #727
Granada Hills CA 91344 U.S.A.
1-818-832-1101



