A number of items of personal information are collected to optimise the functioning of the websites. ARTE G.E.I.E. takes great care to comply with the French and European regulations in force, and has therefore put measures in place to inform you about your privacy and protect it. Explanatory information.
 
How you are monitored on the web: cache and cookies, history
When you visit a website, traces of your browsing on the internet are recorded on your own computer, in the internet network’s (internet service provider’s) equipment and on servers.
Your browser keeps a copy of the pages that you have visited recently (in the cache, a clever way of optimising loading times and freeing up the network). It also keeps a history of the addresses that you have entered using the address bar.
Cookies are also part of the traces of your browsing that remain. A cookie is a text file placed on your hard disk by the domain that you are visiting. It can contain several items of data such as the name of the server that put it there, an identifier in the form of a unique number and an expiry date… A server can access it to read and record that information.
Cookies play a number of roles. They facilitate your browsing, store your preferences, and make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier. Without cookies, you will be a newcomer every time you open a page on the site. For example, if you enter your log-in details on one page and then go to another page, the site will not recognise you and will not be able to regard you as already signed on.
Some sites also use cookies to target their advertising or marketing campaigns, for example on the basis of your place of residence or buying or web browsing habits. This is not the case with ARTE’s sites.
Some cookies are linked to the site that you are looking at, while others come from external sites that manage the content of the page that you are looking at (third-party cookies). For example, your website may use the services of a statistics company, which will use its own cookies to be able to count visitors.
To find out about the cookies used on ARTE websites and their purpose, go to the tab “ARTE and cookies”.
 
What ARTE does… and what it doesn’t do
In accordance with the recommendations of the CNIL, ARTE has installed a banner that appears when you enter one of its sites. This links to a page that explains the purpose of the cookies used, informs you that you can reject these cookies and reminds you that continuation of your browsing constitutes agreement to cookies being placed on your terminal. This banner appears once a year.
After you give your consent, the computer server hosting arte.tv, like the majority of sites, automatically gathers information from you.
ARTE regularly analyses traffic on the servers for statistical purposes and looks at where you go in order to optimise its sites. It gathers information on your IP address, on an anonymous basis, in order to geolocate its content, which is essential in order to manage broadcasting rights. Finally, in cases that are as extreme as they are rare, ARTE can use such information to identify those responsible for abuses, in cooperation with the authorities.
The information that you leave on our servers is not sent to any advertisers.
However, certain information may be collected by third-party services.

For statistical purposes, ARTE uses cookies from XITI, AdTech or Google Analytics to measure audience figures: it can therefore find out how many people use its sites, how many times a video has been viewed, and which browsers are most commonly used…
In order to promote its content, ARTE uses the services of Facebook and Twitter. Their sharing buttons are on our sites and allow you to let friends and family know about the articles or videos that you like. But their source code uses cookies that can trace your browsing, whether you are a user of those platforms or not. Facebook, for example, adjusts its advertising according to the sites that you have visited, and proposes “groups” to you based on the centres of interest deduced from your internet browsing.

To find out about the data collected by the cookies used on ARTE’s sites, go to the tab “ARTE and cookies”.
 
Profiles, “Single Sign On” and creation of a personal account
It is not necessary to create an account or accept cookies in order to browse ARTE’s websites. Only you can choose the information that you want to send to us.
If you create a profile, you can use an SSO (“Single Sign On”) technology that allows you to register on arte.tv and its sites, on mobile applications and on HbbTV without having to go through a registration procedure each time.
Data are then collected by ARTE and, in accordance with the data protection law of 6 January 1978, as amended in 2004, you have a right to access, correct and object to information concerning you, which you can exercise by contacting our data protection officer. Upon a request being sent to us in writing or in electronic format, we will inform you at any time of the personal information concerning you that we have stored. The only data that cannot be deleted are those that we still require to comply with our obligations or to exercise our rights, and those that the law requires us to retain.
For more detailed information about the data collected upon creation of a profile or on the SSO, go to the tab “Your ARTE account”.
 
Which laws govern ARTE concerning the management of personal information?
Since its registered office is in France, ARTE G.E.I.E. is subject exclusively to French regulations concerning personal data and to opinions issued by the French National Data Protection Commission (CNIL).
 
 
