
We collect a certain amount of information to ensure that our sites function correctly. ARTE, committed to complying with current French and European regulations, has put measures in place to keep you informed and protect your privacy. Read on for more information.
Which personal data management laws are we subject to?
Given that our head office is in France, ARTE is exclusively subject to the French and European regulations regarding personal data and the notices issued by the French data protection authority (CNIL), to whom you have the right to complain.
What data do we collect?
We collect two types of data:

Data that you give us: We retain the information that you give us when you create your MyARTE account. To know more, go to: General Conditions of Use.
Data that is collected automatically: We collect information so that our sites work properly, but only if you have agreed to our use of cookies. The information collected may include the pages that you visit, when you log in and the content that you consume.
We analyse our server traffic for statistical purposes regularly and monitor how you use our sites so that we can improve them accordingly.
We collect information such as your IP address in order to implement geolocation services for our content. This is essential for us to manage broadcasting rights. Lastly, in very rare cases, we may use this information in cooperation with law enforcement authorities to identify anyone responsible for any alleged criminal offence.
To know more, please see: ARTE and cookies.


Who uses this data?
The information that we collect is used by our internal services who may need to use it while carrying out their activities.
We may also call upon third‑party service providers who act on our behalf in specific sectors, particularly when it comes to marketing, calculating audience numbers, etc.
These third‑party companies only collect information where necessary in order to carry out their duties for ARTE. They are not authorised to share this information with others or use it for other purposes.
To know more about the role of third‑party companies, please see: Which cookies and why?
How long do we keep this information?
To find out how long we will keep the data associated with your MyARTE account, please see the section: General Conditions of Use.
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil its purpose or meet our legal or regulatory obligations.
ARTE and cookies

In this section, you will find the list of cookies used on our sites and the personal data that they collect, as well as how to delete them.
How do we use tracking?
When you visit a website, your viewing history is stored in your computer, internet equipment (network providers) and on servers.
Your browser keeps a copy of the pages that you have recently visited (the “cache”, which optimises loading time and reduces network congestion). It also keeps a record of the addresses that you have entered in the address bar.
Additionally, cookies remain in your viewing history. A cookie is a text file that is transferred to the hard drive of your device by the domain that you are visiting. It may contain several different pieces of information, such as the name of server that transferred it, a unique identification number, or an expiry date. It can be accessed by a server, which can read and save this information.
Cookies have several functions. They facilitate browsing, store your favourites and make interactions between you and the website quicker and easier. Without cookies, you will be treated as a new visitor every time you open a page of the website. For example, if you enter “login” data on one page then go to another page, the website will not recognise you and cannot consider you as logged in.
Websites also use cookies to show targeted advertising or marketing campaigns to users based on, for example, their place of residence, purchasing habits or internet browsing. Some cookies are linked to the website that you are using, others (third‑party cookies) come from external websites that manage content on the page you are looking at. For example, a website may use the services of a statistics company, which will use its own cookies to count visitors.
To know which cookies are used on ARTE websites and why, see: Which cookies and why?
How does the ARTE cookie banner work?
In accordance with the CNIL guidelines, ARTE has put a cookie consent banner in place. It appears when you visit the pages of its website.
The banner informs you of the purpose of the cookies, your ability to refuse them and that if you continue to browse the website, it is assumed that you agree to cookies being placed on your device.
This consent is valid for up to 13 months.
You can set your preferences with the cookie management tool that can be accessed via the banner. The banner appears when you visit the website for the first time, once per year when your consent expires and every time that a new purpose for the cookies is added to the initial ones or when you clear the browser cache on your computer. For more information on this subject, see How to delete or refuse unwanted cookies.
Remember, however, that for some cookies your consent is not required, particularly those that are strictly necessary to provide services that you expressly ask for.
Once you have given consent, the server hosting arte.tv collects the information from your computer that is used to make the website work properly. If you adjust your browser settings to not accept any cookies, including those that are necessary for the website to work properly, certain features will no longer be available.
For more information and to know which data is collected by the cookies in place on ARTE websites, see Which cookies and why?
Which cookies and why?
We do not systematically use all cookies and associated services. Only the cookies for audience‑measuring and the cookie acceptance banner are used on all pages of the website.
The cookies used on our site are listed below.


Browsing cookies
The browsing cookies listed below are of a technical nature. They are strictly necessary for the services that are expressly requested by users — you will not be able to use our services without them. We therefore do not need to ask for your consent to use these cookies.



Service
Purpose of cookie and data collected
User consent needed?


Multimedia player preference cookies
These cookies enable your computer to remember certain multimedia player settings for your convenience. For example, the audio volume that you chose for your last viewing, or where you paused a programme.
No


Cookie acceptance banner
Cookie acceptance banner. With this cookie, the banner only appears when it needs to obtain your consent to place a cookie in your browser — in theory, once per year.
No


LoginRadius
On all arte.tv websites, when you click on the “log in” button LoginRadius allows you to create an ARTE account, log in or change your personal information. By logging in, you can access a number of different services, such as managing your newsletter subscriptions.
Cookies generated by LoginRadius allow you to log in and stay logged in. For more information, please look at the LoginRadius Privacy Policy page.
No



 


Statistics cookies



Service
Purpose of cookie and data collected
User consent needed?


Xiti
Xiti is an audience‑measuring tool for websites provided by AT Internet. Xiti places a cookie when requested by ARTE to generate statistics on site visits and collects visitors’ IP addresses, among other information, so that the same visitor is not counted multiple times. The statistics reports given to ARTE are strictly anonymous and do not contain any personal information.
For more information, see the Xiti GDPR compliance and privacy policy.
No


Nielsen
Nielsen, a market researcher commissioned by ARTE, measures how often and for how long users watch videos. Nielsen uses cookies to collect data such as users’ IP addresses to analyse traffic to our website. The information collected is used to study the efficiency and effectiveness of the website and its services so that we can improve them. The statistics reports given to ARTE are strictly anonymous and do not contain any personal information.
For more information, see the Nielsen Privacy Policy.
No


eStat’Streaming
eStat’Streaming is an audience‑measuring tool for online videos provided by Médiamétrie-eStat. The eStat’Streaming cookie is used to measure video consumption of both live and catch‑up content. To do this, Médiamétrie-eStat collects information including visitors’ geographic location, time spent on the site, the type of connection and IP address under strict security and confidentiality conditions. Médiamétrie‑eStat uses this information to provide us with anonymous statistical data regarding site visits so that we can improve the quality of our services. For more information, see the eStat’Streaming Your data security page.
No



 


Social media cookies



Service
Purpose of cookie and data collected
User consent needed?


Twitter
This cookie is only used on ARTE Presse: If you log in to Twitter — to reply to the ARTE Info Twitter feed, for example — a session cookie is placed on your device so that you do not have to log in on every page you visit or every tweet that you see. We use this cookie to identify users with a unique number that is associated with Twitter.
For more information, see the Twitter Privacy Policy page.
Yes


 
Facebook
This cookie is only placed when you use the Facebook Connect feature — i.e., when you click on the “Log in with Facebook” link. We use Facebook cookies so that we know where users are and which languages and software they use. They also allow us to use the general features of Facebook services, such as “sharing”. When you browse online, a direct link is established between your browser and the Facebook server so that when you want to share videos, it will find your account immediately. You can also use your Facebook account to log in to your ARTE profile. Facebook cookies make browsing easier by memorising users’ actions and preferences.
For more information, please see the Facebook Data Policy.
Yes



 


Communications cookies



Service
Purpose of cookie and data collected
User consent needed?


Bitly 
Bitly uses cookies so that its servers recognise your internet browser and report how and when you use its websites and internet services.
Bitly cookies also allow Bitly to track when you have clicked on one of its links. Each click of a Bitly Link is tracked using a unique identifier assigned to you in one or more cookies stored by your web browser and associated with Bitly. Bitly may associate the unique identifier in its cookies with the other information it automatically collects when you use its services such as your IP address, any Bitly links you click or create, and information stored on your account, if you have one. For more information, see the Bitly Privacy Policy page.
Oui



 


Data associated with IOS/Android native apps



Service
Purpose of cookie and data collected
User consent needed?


Oath
We show pre‑roll ads — short promotional or advertising messages added at the beginning of our videos, such as trailers for upcoming programmes — for advertising purposes or to publicize ARTE programmes, using technology from Oath. Oath cookies collect data such as your IP address, browser version, operating system and the date and time that the advertising was delivered. We use this information to study the number of times an advertisement is clicked on or how often it is delivered to a user. This helps us meet our commitment of limiting the number of pre‑roll ads you see per session to one. Oath cookies gather the following non‑personal data as part of the ad‑serving process: browser version, operating system and the date and time that the advertisement was delivered. Oath does not gather any personal data without your express agreement.
For more information, see the Oath Privacy Center.
Yes


Login Radius
LoginRadius allows you to create an ARTE account, log in or change your personal information. By logging in, you can access a number of different services such as managing your newsletter subscriptions.
Certain information related to your account is stored locally to improve your user experience — your session ID, for example, so that you do not have to sign in at the beginning of each session. Other information, such as your list of favourites, is stored locally while the app synchronises with the LoginRadius servers.This information is only stored if you are logged in to your MyARTE account.
No


Geographical location
Your geographical location (country) is temporarily stored locally so that we do not have to check your right to access content every time a programme starts playing. This information is checked with every new login and expires after two hours.
No


Information about downloaded programmes
When you download a programme, the video file as well as information about the programme such as its title or period of availability are stored locally. This information is deleted as soon as the programme expires or is deleted by the user.
Yesi





How to delete or refuse unwanted cookies?
Some people do not like when websites retain information about their browsing habits, particularly when this information is stored and used by a third party website. If you are one of those people, you can block some or all cookies and even delete those that have already been placed.
You can set your preferences with the cookie management tool that can be accessed via the banner.
If you set your browser to not accept any cookies, certain features of the website will no longer be available. This may reduce the quality of your browsing experience.
If you do not want to receive cookies, you can adjust your browser settings so that it alerts you when it receives any or refuses them immediately. However, if you set it so that the browser automatically refuses cookies, you will no longer be able to use certain features of the ARTE websites.
You can also choose to delete the cookies that have already been stored on your computer.
Doing so means that the cookie banner and consent management tool will appear the next time that you use our website.
According to your browser version, see the websites linked below for information on how to change these settings:
The four recommendations of the CNIL
The CNIL has made four recommendations for limiting your internet browser tracking: web :

Block third party cookies.Third party cookies are not usually necessary for you to make the most of what is available online. If you wish to limit tracking, you should automatically refuse them.
Prevent the most commonly used trackers There are many extensions available that block various trackers. For example, if Chrome is your internet browser you can use DoNotTrackMe, Disconnect and Ghostery, among others.
Block social media sharing buttons. ARTE websites do not use social media sharing buttons that inform Facebook, Twitter and other social networks of your visit. However, you can share site content by posting its URL address on social networks.
Limit Adobe Flash tracking. You should change these settings by logging in to the settings manager that you can access online. However, although you can disable these cookies on the Flash website, which prevents them from being stored on your computer, it does not block everything.
Unlike regular web cookies, LSO or “Flash” cookies cannot be deleted through your web browser. Instead of manually deleting Flash cookies, you can download a browser extension — such as Betterprivacy for Firefox — to delete them every time you close your browser.

For more information:

Our mobile apps and your personal data
The ARTE mobile apps that you download to your mobile phone or tablet contain tools that help us to better understand your interests, so that we can provide you with the best possible service.
What is SDK?
The tools in the Software Development Kit (SDK) are provided by our data processors and their sole purpose is identifying which programmes our users like and measuring the quantity and quality of downloads, so that we can optimise our services.
Which SDKs do we use in our applications?



SDK
Description


eStat (Médimétrie)
eStat is an audience‑measuring tool for videos produced by Médiamétrie‑eStat. The eStat SDK measures video consumption of both live and catch‑up content. To do this, Médiamétrie-eStat collects information including the geographic origin, time spent on the app, the type of connection and IP address under strict security and confidentiality conditions. Médiamétrie uses this information to provide us with anonymous statistical data so that we can improve the quality of our services.


Xiti (AT Internet)
Xiti is an audience‑measuring tool for websites produced by AT Internet.
The statistics reports given to ARTE are strictly anonymous and do not contain personal information.


Nielsen
Nielsen measures how often and for how long users watch videos. Nielsen is a marketing research firm appointed by ARTE. The information collected is used to study the efficiency and effectiveness of the Applications so that we can improve them. The statistics reports given to ARTE are strictly anonymous and do not contain any personal information.
More information about Nielsen measurement


Batch
We use Batch to send push notifications to mobile applications to inform users of the availability of certain programmes. The Batch SDK measures the efficiency of these notifications.


Adjust
Adjust measures the conversion rates of our Facebook advertising campaigns. The Adjust SDK can also be used to obtain information about the use of certain features of our applications.


Facebook Login
The Facebook Login SDK is only used so that users can log in via Facebook, to make it easier for them to log in to their MyARTE account. Data cannot be sent outside of the login process. Facebook is based in the US.


HockeyApp
The HockeyApp is used to recover technical information about the application and the user’s device when there is a malfunction. This data allows us to identify and correct bugs in our applications quickly. HockeyApp is a subsidiary of Microsoft based in the US.



 
What data does the ARTE mobile app collect?
Our data processors collect the following data for ARTE using their tools:

hardware identifiers (IDFA/IDFV for iOS, GAID for Android)
IP address
session connection ID (if available)
encrypted name of the telephone
terminal characteristics: language, country code, operating system version, app version, terminal model and user agent

ARTE does not use this data for any purpose other than optimising its mobile application and editorial programming.
To better understand how to limit the data sent from your mobile phone, see: www.cnil.fr/fr/maitrisez-les-reglages-vie-privee-de-votre-smartphone.
 
ARTE and your rights

According to the modified French data protection act of 6 January 1978 and the European Union regulation (EU 2016/679) on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (GDPR), you have the right to access, rectify, oppose, delete, transfer and limit the processing of your data. You can exercise this right by sending an email to our Data Protection Officer (DPO) or a letter to the following address:
ARTE GEIE – DPO / Direction juridique, 4 quai du Chanoine Winterer, 67000 Strasbourg, France.
In order to protect your privacy, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before giving you access to your personal data or modifying it.
For practical reasons, if your request is related to your My ARTE account it must come from the email address that you use to log in to the account.
Upon written request, made on paper or electronically, we will inform you at any moment of the nature of your personal data that we have stored. The sole data that we still need in order to fulfil our obligations or exercise our rights, as well as the data that the law requires us to retain, is excluded from any deletion.
ARTE is subject to the French and European regulations in relation to personal data and the notices issued by the French data protection authority (CNIL), to whom you have the right to complain.
 
 

