
Disclosure and Privacy Policy
This policy is valid and current as of 1 January 2017.
This website/blog is entirely written and edited by the InstantWinCrazy.com website owner and staff. InstantWinCrazy.com is a free directory and guide to online instant win games and sweepstakes, with information and tips regarding winning prizes online.
The owners of this Site are not compensated for sweepstakes and instant win posts or to provide opinions on products, services, websites and various other topics unless stated on specific post page. The views and opinions expressed on this Site are purely that of the website/blog owner. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.
This website may accept forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, or other forms of compensation. The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.
 
 
Privacy Policy:
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
This blog does not share personal information with third parties nor do we store any information about your visit to this blog other than to analyze and optimize your content and reading experience through the use of cookies. You can turn off the use of cookies at anytime by changing your specific browser settings.
We are not responsible for republished content from this blog on other blogs or websites without our permission.
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.
 
You may contact the InstantWinCrazy blog here.
 
 
