You have choices about the various ways we collect, use, and share your personal information. 
We want to offer you choices about the different ways we collect, use, or share your personal information. These choices are described below.Marketing PreferencesWhen we are sending marketing communications to you, we use the following standards:We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages. We use an opt-in standard for sharing personal information with companies outside our corporate family of companies for their use in direct marketing, such as sending you promotions. Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your affirmative consent. We use an opt-out standard for email or for other communications, such as postal mail. Opt-out means we may contact you, but will stop upon your request (as described below). Please note that these standards may not apply to communications regarding our Health & Wellness operations, such as prescription reminders. For more information see the Health & Wellness Notice of Privacy Practices.Additionally, these standards may not apply to Walmart-branded credit card offerings because these are provided through associated financial institutions. However, you can choose to stop receiving certain prescreened offers of credit that originate from participating nationwide credit reporting agencies, including our prescreened offers, by calling the official Consumer Credit Reporting Industry organization at 1-888-567-8688 or by going to www.optoutprescreen.com.  You can provide us with your marketing preferences by visiting our Communication Preferences & Alerts page. The Communication Preferences & Alerts page allows you at any time to update or change your preferences about receiving marketing materials.  Or you may contact the Privacy Office as described in the “Contact Us” section below.If you contact us by email or mail, please be sure to include your full name, the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive, and your related contact information. For instance, if you would like to opt-out of mail, include your mailing address. Please allow sufficient time for your marketing preferences to be processed. It may take up to ten days to process your requests related to email and up to 30 days to process your requests related to telephone calls, text messages, and sharing information with your consent. Please note that postal mailings are often prepared many weeks in advance, and you may continue to receive mail for six to ten weeks.  Since we do not accept opt-out requests from third parties, such as catalog opt-out services, please communicate your request directly to us through one of the mechanisms mentioned above.Please know that, even if you opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional or informational purposes. Some examples are contacts for customer service, product information, service or reminder notices, customer surveys, or recalls. We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order. Interest-Based Advertising Preferences We personalize your experience on our sites and mobile services by showing you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. For example, if you browse or shop for electronics with us or on other sites, we may show you ads for electronics as you continue to browse the Internet. For more information about browsing information see “Information We Receive From You.”  We show you advertisements related to Walmart or our advertising partners. We belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites and mobile services to show you interest-based advertisements. You may also see ads for Walmart on participating websites and mobile services based on how you browse. We do not share personal information about you with companies that advertise on our websites without your consent.  Learn more about interest-based advertising, including how to opt out. Mobile Location SettingsSome of our mobile services use your device’s location information. You can adjust the settings of your mobile device at any time to control whether your device communicates this location information. See your device instructions to learn more about these settings. In addition, we may offer you controls on our use of your mobile location information. See “What Types of Information Do We Collect?” above for more information on the types of location information we collect. 

