

Our public website and Services, along with most other major websites, use cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to the cookie file on your computer's hard disk. Cookies enable users to navigate around the website and (where appropriate) enable us to tailor the content to fit the needs of visitors who have accessed the site.


By visiting the Crunch website, logging into or using our Services you agree that you are happy for us to set cookies. If you are not happy you should either not use our websites, or can disable the cookies.


We use two types of cookie on our website.



Session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your computer until you close your browser at which point they are deleted.


Persistent, or stored cookies that remain permanently in the cookie file of your computer.



Cookies cannot look into your computer and obtain information about you or your family or read any material kept on your hard drive and, unless you have logged into your Crunch Account, cookies cannot be used to identify who you are.


Cookies cannot be used by anyone else who has access to the computer to find out anything about you, other than the fact that someone using the computer has visited a certain website. Cookies do not in any way compromise the security of your Crunch Account.


Cookies will not be used to contact you for marketing purposes other than by means of advertisements offered within our Services.


The web browsers of most computers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your web browser to disable cookies or to inform you when a website is attempting to add a cookie. You can also delete cookies that have previously been added to your computer's cookie file.


You can set your browser to disable persistent cookies and/or session cookies but if you disable session cookies, although you will be able to view our public unsecured website, you will not be able to log onto your Crunch Account.


For more information about cookies (including how to set browsers to reject cookies) please visit the website set up by the Interactive Advertising Bureau (Europe) at www.allaboutcookies.org.


Cookies are used for a number of reasons on the Crunch website, and with our Services.


First party cookies are created by Crunch whilst third party cookies are created by affiliates or tracking services.


Google AnalyticsTM- a third party tracking service collects information about how our website is used. We use information to report on usage and volume statistics. We have no access to or control over these cookies.


Information about Google AnalyticsTM can be found at http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.


Google Adwords - a third party advertising system that tells us tell a user arrived on our site by clicking on a paid advert. Cookies originating from Adwords also give us power to serve ads on the Google network specifically to people who have already visited our site and not signed up.


You can also opt-out of a number of targeted advertising cookies by visiting these opt-out pages: National Advertising Initiative and Google. This opt-out won't stop advertising companies from showing you banner ads, but it will prevent them from personalising their banner ads to you specifically.


Live Agent - a third party system used to provide the live chat facility on our website.


Visual Website Optimizer - From time to time we like to run tests on our site with a view to improving the user experience. VWO is a suite of testing tools that track a user's activity in a very particular way for the purpose of a test. This may be checking how far a group of users scroll down a page, splitting users into groups to view similar but different pages and so on.


Desk - a third party customer support platform, which uses cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Help section.


Facebook – a third party social media platform that also supports its own advertising network. Cookies originating from Facebook allow us to focus our Facebook advertising specifically to people who have already visited our site who have not signed up, as well as users determined by Facebook to be similar to our site’s visitors.


Crunch also utilises Facebook to identify their users who may be similar to Crunch users. This is done through an anonymous and encrypted process. User data is provided by Crunch and once a ‘lookalike’ audience of Facebook users is created the data provided by Crunch is deleted. Crunch then focuses advertising on the Facebook network specifically to this audience.


Infinity - a third party service used to deliver unique phone numbers to visitors, which enables on line activity to be associated with any phone calls made.


