
Crunch does not sell data about our clients and we only share or disclose your data as authorised in this Policy.
We may share or disclose information with the following types of third parties.
Suppliers: Crunch works with a variety of third party suppliers to perform services such as website hosting, online product purchases and email communications. We share your personal data as necessary to complete any transaction or provide a product or service you have requested. These suppliers work on our behalf for the purposes described in this Policy. Crunch imposes strict contractual obligations on its suppliers to ensure data is secure, protected and treated in accordance with this Policy and we will take all steps reasonably necessary to maintain compliance with these obligations.
Subcontractors: Crunch subcontracts elements of its service provision to other parties, for example Crunch Accounting Ltd. We will always ensure that we have appropriate contractual arrangements in place.
Group companies: Crunch may share personal data with other members of our group this includes Crunch Umbrella Ltd, Crunch Investment & Pensions Ltd, Crunch Academy Ltd or its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
Affiliates/Partners: Our sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks and affiliates who provide complementary services. Your information will only be passed to the relevant service provider if you express interest in a third party service by calling or completing a form on our website, or by enabling usage of a third party service, or by talking to a Crunch team member. These third parties may then send communications to you and provide information on offers and services that may be of interest to you. If, at any time, you wish to opt out of further communications, please follow the instructions in their marketing communications or consult their own privacy policies for further information about unsubscribing. Please note that some of our services e.g.: insurance, mortgages, investments and pensions and applications are provided by third parties whose privacy practices may differ from Crunch. If you provide personal data to any of those third parties, your data is governed by their privacy policy. Overall, we do not accept any liability arising from the operation of these third party privacy policies, so please check these policies carefully prior to activating a service.
Legal/Regulatory Bodies: To the extent that we are duty bound by any applicable legal or regulatory requirement to cooperate with any competent legal or governmental authority or agency, we shall do so in accordance with applicable law. This may involve disclosure of your personal data and we will have no legal liability for such disclosures. Please note that, depending on circumstances, Crunch may be forbidden from advising you of the fact that your personal data has been disclosed to or requested by such third parties.
Under Section 330 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 we have a duty to report to the Serious Organised Crime Agency (SOCA) if we know, or have reasonable cause to suspect, that you or anyone connected with your business are or have been involved in money laundering. Failure on our part to make a report where we have knowledge, or reasonable grounds for suspicion, would constitute a criminal offence. We are obliged by law to undertake this reporting to SOCA, but are under no obligation to make you aware of this reporting. In fact, we may commit the criminal offence of "tipping off" under Section 333 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 if we were to inform you that a report had been made. In consequence, neither Crunch's principals nor staff may enter into any correspondence or discussions with you regarding such matters.
Other Parties: with whom it might be necessary to complete a financial or corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of asset.

