
Foreca takes the privacy of its consumers very seriously. We comply fully with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Any personal information we obtain regarding Foreca consumer services will be dealt with in accordance with this policy.
Does this privacy policy concern you?
This privacy policy concerns you if you use any of the Foreca service provided for consumers, like the foreca.com weather site and Foreca Weather Free mobile app, or you otherwise deal with us as a private person within the EU. If you use Foreca services for business, you can find the privacy policy meant for you here.
What is personal data?
The GDPR applies to personal data. This is any information that can directly or indirectly identify a natural person, like you.
What data is processed and why is it processed
Foreca collects information about your use of the service for three main reasons:

to be able to develop best weather services for you,
to be able to provide relevant advertisement for you (please note, the service and its development is funded by advertisement)
to be able to contact you when you give us feedback, send us your job application, or in other similar circumstances we need to contact you.

Foreca may process the following information when you use the service:

Cookie data
				
Cookies are used to store your personal settings in the service such as favourite locations
Cookies are used to track which features of the service are used and how much. We use the information for technical developing of the services. The following analytics services are utilized for this purpose:
						
					
Social media sharing functionalities use cookies. The cookies are processes by:
						
					
Cookies are used to provide relevant advertisement according to your interests as provided by the advertisement agencies. Foreca uses the following advertisement providers:
						
Google Adsense
								
							
Depending on the ads that Google serve, data may be shared with additional ad tehcnology provides listed below..
								
							


IP address of your device. IP address is used to
						
track and fix problems you experienced in the service if you have given us feedback.
track the possible misuse of service.


Your location:
						
If you use the locate feature in the service Foreca receives your location coordinates (in the accuracy your device has it). Location data is only used to provide weather data for your location, and it will not be saved.


Personal data provided by you
						
We may collect your personal data you provide us, for instance, in the following ways:
								
you fill out our web forms, like contact forms, feedback forms, user surveys, competitions, or other general web forms
you send us an email
you send us your job application


This data is only used to the purpose that is clarified in each context.





How do we obtain your personal information?
Foreca obtains your personal information confidentially ensuring appropriate security. We only store the information that is lawful and has a purpose. We store the information only as long as it is necessary.
Foreca won't share your personal information to 3rd parties, or won't manage your personal information outside the EU, except anonymized IP-addresses and cookies that cannot identify a unique user. The IP-addresses and cookies are shared with marketing and advertisement agencies, and the information may also be transferred into the USA. The information transferred to Google Analytics are anonymized, meaning they cannot be connected to you.
Your consent to Foreca to obtain your personal information
By consenting to this privacy policy you are giving Foreca a permission to obtain your personal data as described in this page.
Your rights to view change or remove your personal data
You may withdraw consent at any time by deleting cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org.	You can also adjust your personalized ad preferences via Google Ads Settings.
In case you have provided us any personal information, you have the right to know what information we obtain and change/remove it by sending us your request at any time.
Privacy of children
As children's privacy is very important, we do not obtain any personal information on purpose from people under 16 years of age without the permission of his/her guardian. A guardian has the right to view the information obtained from a child and ask for removal.
Possible changes to this privacy policy in the future
Foreca reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time by posting changes online. You are responsible for reviewing the possible changes regularly in this privacy policy.
This privacy policy has been updated: 2018-05-24

