Privacy Policy
 

Overview
At Lippincott NursingCenter, we understand the importance of online privacy, and we strive to keep members informed of our privacy practices. We've established the following policies to explain how we use information collected from you. Please read the policy carefully and notify us if you have questions.

By becoming a member of this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and accepted the terms of the NursingCenter privacy policy.
 
Registration
We ask you to complete a registration form so that you may gain access to all portions of NursingCenter.  Becoming a registered member simplifies your online experience and provides you with relevant content.
 
At Lippincott NursingCenter, we understand the importance of online privacy, and we strive to keep members informed of our privacy practices. We've established the following policies to explain how we use information collected from you. Please read the policy carefully and notify us if you have questions.By becoming a member of this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and accepted the terms of the NursingCenter privacy policy.We ask you to complete a registration form so that you may gain access to all portions of NursingCenter. Becoming a registered member simplifies your online experience and provides you with relevant content.The NursingCenter registration form requires contact information, such as your name and e-mail address, unique identifiers such as a username and password, and demographic information such as your zip code, education, and professional status. We use this information to verify your identity as well as for other purposes. 

For example, your contact information allows NursingCenter staff to get in touch with you for administrative purposes, when necessary. Demographic and profile data helps us to improve your NursingCenter experience.  By understanding your preferences, we can offer you appropriate content, products and services to meet your specific needs.
Participating in surveys and contests
NursingCenter occasionally offers contests and surveys, in which we ask participants for contact information, unique identifiers, and demographic information. These contests and surveys are always voluntary and never required to gain access to NursingCenter.

We use contact information to notify winners and award prizes. Survey responses assist us in providing relevant content and improving your overall experience at NursingCenter.

Participating in public forums
NursingCenter may offer its members chat rooms, forums, interactive webcasts, interactive job fairs and expos, message boards, and news groups. Please remember that these are public areas and that information you choose to disclose in them may be viewed by anyone, anywhere. Exercise caution when disclosing personal information in any of these areas.

NursingCenter cannot be held accountable for information willingly shared in a public forum or other area because the information can be viewed by other members and anonymous parties over whom NursingCenter has no control. Keep in mind at all times that information shared by other users in a public area is never examined by the clinical and editorial experts at NursingCenter for accuracy, appropriateness, and currentness. NursingCenter cannot be held liable for events arising from the use of information in a public forum.

Order fulfillment
When purchasing a product or service from NursingCenter, you will be asked to provide contact information, unique identifiers, and financial information, such as your billing account or credit card numbers. We use your contact information to reach you if a problem occurs with your order. We use your financial information for billing and to make sure your order is fulfilled properly.
 
Using your information
NursingCenter collects information to make sure you receive the most current news, information, and CE activities that are available and relevant to your nursing practice. NursingCenter owns the personal information collected on the site. We won’t share this information with other parties except as described in this policy statement.

Registration Form
NursingCenter collects personal information, including email address, when visitors register on the site to become members.  This information allows us to present you with a more customized experience on NursingCenter, including offers, products and services from NursingCenter, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, and third parties whom we deem appropriate.  We comply with the provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and will not provide your email address to any outside parties without your express consent.  You may unsubscribe from an email by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link. If you no longer wish to receive any email correspondence from NursingCenter other than purchase confirmations, please send an email to 

Sharing information with third parties
We compile, or aggregate, information collected from and about our members in a database. We share information in the aggregate with our partners and advertisers. No personally identifiable information is included.

We use a credit card-processing company to administer purchases made on the site, and a shipping company to fulfill orders for products other than those delivered online. We share your personal information with these partners to ensure that your purchases are fulfilled properly and in a timely manner. These partners do not use this information for any other purpose.

Using Cookies
NursingCenter uses a technology called "cookies" to maintain information on your computer. A cookie is a small packet of information that you’ve shared with us. We use cookies to store your account information, fulfill and track your purchases and, ultimately, make it easier for you to use the site.

To take full advantage of the services NursingCenter provides, you must have cookies turned on. Consult your computer’s Help section to learn how to turn cookies on or off. Be assured that demographic information is shared only in the aggregate (not individual information) and that our partners are committed to using that information only to offer products and services that meet your needs.

Gathering other data
We use computer-specific addresses (called Internet Protocol, or IP, addresses) to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad, aggregate demographic information. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to tie your purchases to your user information. Your IP address also helps us analyze trends, diagnose problems with our servers, and administer our Web site. Links to other sites

NursingCenter offers links to other sites as a service to its members. We select these sites carefully and strive to link only to reputable, professional resources. However, NursingCenter cannot control the content on sites not under its direct control, nor can it be held responsible for the content or services provided by third-party Web sites. Be sure to review the privacy policy of all third-party sites that you visit through NursingCenter.
Content from third-parties

NursingCenter uses an outside advertising company to display advertisements on our site. These advertisements may contain cookies. Although we use cookies in other parts of NursingCenter, cookies received with banner advertisements are collected by the advertising company. We have no access to this information, nor control over it.

Changing your personal information
You may modify your personal information at any time by making changes to your 
Security and updates
NursingCenter takes stringent precautions to protect our members' information. We have established online and offline security measures to avoid the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control, and we constantly refine those measures to maintain tight security.

Credit-card information and other personal data you supply is protected with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption, the most effective security in the e-commerce industry. While browsing nonsecure sites or pages, you may notice an unlocked padlock icon at the bottom of Web browsers, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator. On secure pages, such as order forms or registration forms, the secure, or locked, padlock icon appears. When you see that locked padlock, you know the site you’re on is secure and your information is as safe as possible.

NursingCenter member information is protected offline as well. Access to member information is restricted in our administrative offices, available only to employees who need the information to perform their jobs, such as those responsible for billing or customer service.

Further, all employee passwords must be changed regularly. Employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices and instructed in the importance of maintaining security. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are maintained in a secure environment. We believe these and other measures provide exceptional security for your information.

If you have questions about the security of your information, please free to contact us by mail or e-mail.

Receiving site updates
From time to time, NursingCenter may send email announcements about site maintenance as well as updates about the site. They contain important information about membership benefits or changes in our service. These announcements may also be posted on the web site itself.
NursingCenter occasionally offers contests and surveys, in which we ask participants for contact information, unique identifiers, and demographic information. These contests and surveys are always voluntary and never required to gain access to NursingCenter.We use contact information to notify winners and award prizes. Survey responses assist us in providing relevant content and improving your overall experience at NursingCenter.NursingCenter may offer its members chat rooms, forums, interactive webcasts, interactive job fairs and expos, message boards, and news groups. Please remember that these are public areas and that information you choose to disclose in them may be viewed by anyone, anywhere. Exercise caution when disclosing personal information in any of these areas.NursingCenter cannot be held accountable for information willingly shared in a public forum or other area because the information can be viewed by other members and anonymous parties over whom NursingCenter has no control. Keep in mind at all times that information shared by other users in a public area is never examined by the clinical and editorial experts at NursingCenter for accuracy, appropriateness, and currentness. NursingCenter cannot be held liable for events arising from the use of information in a public forum.When purchasing a product or service from NursingCenter, you will be asked to provide contact information, unique identifiers, and financial information, such as your billing account or credit card numbers. We use your contact information to reach you if a problem occurs with your order. We use your financial information for billing and to make sure your order is fulfilled properly.NursingCenter collects information to make sure you receive the most current news, information, and CE activities that are available and relevant to your nursing practice. NursingCenter owns the personal information collected on the site. We won’t share this information with other parties except as described in this policy statement.NursingCenter collects personal information, including email address, when visitors register on the site to become members. This information allows us to present you with a more customized experience on NursingCenter, including offers, products and services from NursingCenter, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, and third parties whom we deem appropriate. We comply with the provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and will not provide your email address to any outside parties without your express consent. You may unsubscribe from an email by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link. If you no longer wish to receiveemail correspondence from NursingCenter other than purchase confirmations, please send an email to editor@nursingcenter.com with the subject line: Unsubscribe All.We compile, or aggregate, information collected from and about our members in a database. We share information in the aggregate with our partners and advertisers. No personally identifiable information is included.We use a credit card-processing company to administer purchases made on the site, and a shipping company to fulfill orders for products other than those delivered online. We share your personal information with these partners to ensure that your purchases are fulfilled properly and in a timely manner. These partners do not use this information for any other purpose.NursingCenter uses a technology called "cookies" to maintain information on your computer. A cookie is a small packet of information that you’ve shared with us. We use cookies to store your account information, fulfill and track your purchases and, ultimately, make it easier for you to use the site.To take full advantage of the services NursingCenter provides, you must have cookies turned on. Consult your computer’s Help section to learn how to turn cookies on or off. Be assured that demographic information is shared only in the aggregate (not individual information) and that our partners are committed to using that information only to offer products and services that meet your needs.We use computer-specific addresses (called Internet Protocol, or IP, addresses) to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad, aggregate demographic information. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to tie your purchases to your user information. Your IP address also helps us analyze trends, diagnose problems with our servers, and administer our Web site. Links to other sitesNursingCenter offers links to other sites as a service to its members. We select these sites carefully and strive to link only to reputable, professional resources. However, NursingCenter cannot control the content on sites not under its direct control, nor can it be held responsible for the content or services provided by third-party Web sites. Be sure to review the privacy policy of all third-party sites that you visit through NursingCenter.Content from third-partiesNursingCenter uses an outside advertising company to display advertisements on our site. These advertisements may contain cookies. Although we use cookies in other parts of NursingCenter, cookies received with banner advertisements are collected by the advertising company. We have no access to this information, nor control over it.You may modify your personal information at any time by making changes to your user profile . If you need assistance in making changes to your profile, please contact us at CustomerService@NursingCenter.com or call at 800-256-4045.NursingCenter takes stringent precautions to protect our members' information. We have established online and offline security measures to avoid the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control, and we constantly refine those measures to maintain tight security.Credit-card information and other personal data you supply is protected with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption, the most effective security in the e-commerce industry. While browsing nonsecure sites or pages, you may notice an unlocked padlock icon at the bottom of Web browsers, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator. On secure pages, such as order forms or registration forms, the secure, or locked, padlock icon appears. When you see that locked padlock, you know the site you’re on is secure and your information is as safe as possible.NursingCenter member information is protected offline as well. Access to member information is restricted in our administrative offices, available only to employees who need the information to perform their jobs, such as those responsible for billing or customer service.Further, all employee passwords must be changed regularly. Employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices and instructed in the importance of maintaining security. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are maintained in a secure environment. We believe these and other measures provide exceptional security for your information.If you have questions about the security of your information, please free to contact us by mail or e-mail.From time to time, NursingCenter may send email announcements about site maintenance as well as updates about the site. They contain important information about membership benefits or changes in our service. These announcements may also be posted on the web site itself.
Changes to this policy
If NursingCenter’s privacy policy changes, we will post the changes immediately. Members will be notified by e-mail if we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, and members will have a choice about whether we use their information in this different manner.
Date of last update: October, 2007

Contacting NursingCenter
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with NursingCenter in any way, please feel free to contact us by mail or e-mail:

NursingCenter Customer Service
Wolters Kluwer
Two Commerce Square
2001 Market Street
Philadelphia, PA 19103

E-mail: CustomerService@NursingCenter.com
