
We may collect personal and other information about you when you use any of the Digital Services, as described below. "Personal Information" is information which can be used to distinguish or trace an individual's identity, such as their name, social security number, email address, etc. whether used alone, or when combined with other personal or identifying information which is linked or linkable to a specific individual.
We typically collect Personal Information and other data from you, and use that information in the following ways and as otherwise set forth in this Policy or otherwise communicated to you from time to time:
If you sign up for our newsletters, emails and other offers.
We may offer newsletters and other communications that provide information about concerts and events, our Digital Services, our company, our partners and sponsors, or other information we think would be of interest to you. By providing your email address and any other Personal Information required by the online form, you consent to receive these communications from us. We use this information primarily to administer and manage our newsletter subscriptions and to provide you with additional communications, offers, or newsletters we believe will interest you, or that you have consented to receive.
If you contact us through the Digital Services.
You may contact us, using a form available on our Digital Services, with questions about our venue, suites, events, ticketing, or other matters. For some inquiries on our Digital Services, you may also be able to contact us via live chat. If you contact us through these methods, we will collect the Personal Information you voluntarily provide on the applicable form (typically your name, email address and phone number), in the chat window, or otherwise. Any information you provide through our Digital Services will be used in the context of resolving your request or answering your inquiry, or to provide additional information related to that inquiry. We may also place you on our marketing list for information related to your inquiry or which we otherwise believe would be of interest to you based on your inquiry and we may otherwise use your information as described in this Privacy Policy, subject to your consent when required by applicable laws.
Automatic collection when you access our Digital Services.
Our Digital Services automatically collect certain information from you when you use them. For example, some of our Digital Services use cookies and other similar tracking technologies to provide essential features and improve your experience when using our Digital Services (see below for more information). Additionally, through our Digital Services, our servers or networks may collect your device's IP address and other device or network information, such as your screen resolution, OS version, browser version, and certain identifiers. We use this information to help ensure that our content is displayed properly, so that we can understand how, where and which devices access our Digital Services, and to improve the quality and delivery of our Digital Services.
We may log click-stream or similar data for purposes of system administration, to improve our Digital Services, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and other internal uses related to the Digital Services. Click-stream data is information collected when you request pages from our Digital Services, and may include information such as the page served, the time, the source and type of browser making the request, the most recent page view, and other non-Personal Information. This data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at our Digital Services, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors are interested in particular kinds of events, content, advertising, and the like. We may associate click-stream, shopping cart, ticket purchase (whether complete or incomplete) and other similar data with other information we hold about you so that we can personalize or improve the relevance and quality of the services or information we or third parties provide to you.
When you make a purchase.
Some purchases on our Digital Services or on our premises are handled directly by Staples Center, and others are managed and processed by third party service providers (which may or may not be related to Staples Center). We or third party service providers may collect Personal Information when you purchase a ticket, or make other purchases on our Digital Services, by telephone, or on premise. For example, we or our third party service providers may collect your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, payment account information, security codes, other Personal Information that may be required to process your transaction, and other information depending on the purpose for which the Personal Information was provided. If you are purchasing tickets through third parties on our Digital Services, some or all of your purchase may be processed by a third party, and tickets may also be issued and managed by that third party.
We or our third party service providers use purchase information in order to administer, manage and correspond with you about your purchase, and may also add your Personal Information to either of our databases, or share it with affiliates, event promoters or other parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy, in order to inform you of upcoming events, offers or other information that may be of interest to you. We or our third party service providers may also collect and store your purchase information and associate it with Personal Information held about you so that we or they can personalize services and offers for you.
If you use our Mobile App.
If you download and use our Mobile App, we or third party service providers may collect certain information through that Mobile App. Information collected may include the Personal Information and other registration, login, or payment information you choose to provide; information about your device, such as your IP address, OS, device model, your device's proprietary advertising identifier; and information relating to how you use the Mobile App, such as the content you view, ads you click, and purchases you make. When you consent to our use of location services, or otherwise depending on the settings on your mobile device, we or third party service providers may collect the precise location information provided by your device, including data provided by your GPS, WiFi, or otherwise obtained when the Mobile App or your device interacts with a beacon or other technology at our venue.
We collect the information primarily to facilitate the functionality of our Mobile App and deliver valuable, entertaining content to you at or relating to our venue. For example, we collect your registration and payment information so we can show you content that interests you and to process transactions on your behalf. We may collect your device's location in order to show you offers or features available near you at our venue, to deliver more relevant information and ads, and to understand how users interact with our venue. We may combine data we collect through our Mobile App with other information we hold about you so that we can personalize or improve the relevance and quality of the services we provide you.
If you enter a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion.
We may operate contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (each, a "Promotion") through our Digital Services, which may require registration on our Digital Services or through our social media channels in order to enter. Your Personal Information may be used by us to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other promotional purposes. Your entry may also result in your being added to our marketing lists as well as those of third parties (sponsors or otherwise) associated with the Promotion. If you win a Promotion, your acceptance of a prize may require you (unless prohibited by law) to allow us to post publicly some of your Personal Information on our Digital Services or elsewhere, such as on a winner's page. In some instances, a third-party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a Promotion on the Digital Services together with Staples Center, and collect your information. In cases where we are not the sponsor, operator or host of the Promotion, we may have no control over the information collected and accordingly encourage you to review the official rules of the Promotion as well as the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the Promotion before participating.
When you complete a Survey.
We may occasionally feature surveys on our Digital Services, which may collect certain Personal Information from you. For example, we may collect your name and email address, as well as other information related to your experience at one of our events or venues. By completing the survey, you consent to our collection of any Personal Information and other data you provide, and use of that Personal Information and data to administer, respond to, analyze or otherwise complete the survey process or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies, tracking, and interest-based advertising.
Our Digital Services may use cookies, web beacons and similar digital tracking technologies. Cookies are small data files that are transferred to your hard drive when your browser settings permit the acceptance of cookies. Similar technologies, such as web beacons or pixel tags function through the use of small files, such as a GIF or PNG, which are opened on a page, ad, or in an email. The request for these files from a server reveals certain information, such as your browser type, IP address, and other information. To learn more about cookies and similar tracking technologies, and how they can affect your privacy, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Our Digital Services may use cookies or other technologies provided by website analytics services such as Google Analytics to help us better understand how our Digital Services are used. By tracking how and when you use our Digital Services, these technologies help us determine which features and content on our Digital Services are most important to our visitors. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you can turn off cookies using your browser's settings menu; however, this may eliminate our ability to provide a personalized or user-friendly experience. To learn more about, or to opt-out of Google's analytic and marketing services, visit Google Analytics Terms of Use, the Google Privacy Policy, or Google Analytics Opt-out.
Data about your activities online may be collected for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests, either by us, our affiliates, or third parties. We may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements across the internet and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third party websites and viewing of ads and of our content. You may or may not be offered a choice as to whether or not to have your information collected for that purpose. The information collected may include information about your visits to our Digital Services, such as the pages you have viewed. These third-party tracking technologies may be set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times; and (c) understand the effectiveness of the advertisements that have been delivered to you. This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our Digital Services and on third-party websites or services that participate in the ad network, such as websites that feature advertisements delivered by the ad network. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as a DoubleClick cookie) together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Digital Services. To learn more about how to opt out of Google's use of cookies, visit the Google's Ads Settings, here. To learn more about how to opt out of DoubleClick's use of cookies, visit the DoubleClick opt-out page, here.
If you wish to take steps to opt-out of tracking by certain online advertisers, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices or the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp. Please note, most modern browsers include a "do not track" feature that may help protect your privacy. However, because there is not yet a defined response to do-not-track requests, our Site does not respond to your browser's do-not-track request.
Proximity beacons.
We may collect data from physical proximity beacons located in or near our venues, at our events, and (through partnerships with local businesses or entities) in areas or places visited by guests who have consented to our collection of data from beacons. Proximity beacons emit radio signals and detect when a device enters a specific area. As such, we may collect data about your location and other contextual data when you are near a beacon. If your device preferences allow us or our Mobile App access to location services, we may collect information about the location of your device in our venues or at our events, including data from each of our or our partners' beacons with which you interact, and we may send you relevant, targeted offers based on this data (for example, a discount on food purchases near our event). We and any third parties enabling these features may store this data and combine it with other information about you. You may disable the communication of these beacons with your mobile device by disabling Bluetooth or modifying your preferences for location services through your OS. 
Other sources of Personal Information or data.
If we receive Personal Information or data from you through our Digital Services other than as described in this Privacy Policy, it will still be used and managed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise stated at the time you provide the information. 
