We use your personal information in the following ways:

 For registration and to manage your account, including to allow your access to and use of our site; to communicate with you in general, including to provide information about Viator and invitations from the Viator family of companies
 To provide you with the information you request about our products
 To send you email marketing messages and information
 To enable our third-party suppliers to fulfill your bookings
 To confirm your purchases
 To ensure you are correctly billed
 To enable us to publish content you submit to us to our family of websites and on our Applications
 To measure and track demographic details about our customers
 To target content on our website to more closely match your interests and otherwise customize your experience with Viator, including customizing the ads shown to you
 To target the appropriate content for email marketing messages to better match your interests
 To respond to your questions and comments
 To measure interest in and improve our products, services, websites and Applications
 To notify you about offers and products or services available from us or our partners that may be of interest to you
 To solicit information from you, including through surveys
 To resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems
 To prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities
 To enforce our Terms of Use
 As otherwise described to you at the point of collection
 To tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests and the manner in which visitors use our sites, applications and social media assets 
 To operate, evaluate and improve our business and the products and services we offer 
 To analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies (including by identifying when emails sent to you have been received and read)
 To analyze trends and statistics regarding visitors' use of our sites, mobile applications and social media assets, and the purchases visitors make on our sites
 To protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users 
We will provide you with choices regarding the use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes.
Sharing with Social Media Services 
If you connect to Viator using Facebook, we may show you reviews, photos and tours that your Facebook friends have posted, shared, saved or purchased on Viator. Note that, if you have Facebook friends who are using Viator, they may also share information about you with us through Facebook. If you wish to prevent that sharing, please review your Facebook privacy settings.
You can also choose to access third-party social media websites and services through Viator (such as Facebook and Twitter). When you do so, you are sharing information with those sites, and the information you share is governed by their privacy policies. You may also be able to modify your privacy settings with these third party social media websites.
Sharing with Service Providers 
Some of the Personal Information we collect is shared with our service providers (e.g. tour operators) who are directly involved in fulfilling the purchases you have made from us. We only provide our service providers with your name and your local contact details, if you provide them (e.g., your hotel name for pick-ups and drop-offs, your local phone number, your mobile phone number, your email address, etc.) We do not provide our service providers with any other Personal Information. If you decide to provide any Personal Information directly to a service provider, we recommend that you review the service provider's privacy policy to determine how such service provider may use or disclose your Personal Information.
Sharing with Third Party Vendors
We also share your Personal Information with third party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including business analytics, payment processing, customer service, marketing, public relations, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention. We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf, including, for example, as necessary to operate features of our websites or Applications or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests. Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
We currently contract with several third-party online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. We use the services of third-party marketing companies to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our website. To do this, we use web beacons and cookies provided by such marketing companies in connection with our websites. The information we collect helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. If you do not want to help us learn how to improve our site, products, offers and marketing strategy, you can "opt-out" of our ability to analyze such data by clicking here.
Sharing with Referring Websites
If you were referred to Viator from another website, we may share your registration information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number and travel preferences, about you with that referring website. We have not placed limitations on the referring website's use of personal information and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you to Viator.
Sharing with Companies within our Corporate Family
We may share your personal information within the Viator group of companies as well as our parent company, TripAdvisor, LLC, and our domestic and international corporate affiliate companies and websites. This sharing enables us to provide you with information about products and services, both travel-related and other, which might interest you. To the extent that our parent company and corporate affiliates have access to your information, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy. They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications and, at a minimum, give you an opportunity in any commercial email they send to choose not to receive such email messages in the future.
Other Sharing
We may also use or disclose Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legitimate and enforceable subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public or government authorities, including public or government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions or otherwise establish or exercise our legal rights; (e) to protect and defend our rights, property or safety or those of any of our affiliates, our customers, or others; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or that of our affiliates, you or others; (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; (h) to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; (i) in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy; or (j) as otherwise required by law.
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your geographical location). If we combine any Other Information with Personal Information, the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information, as long as it is so combined.
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular excursions or tours. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest.
