
NO FEAR BRIDGE: PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy  notice is to let you know how our company looks after your personal information.  This includes what you tell us about yourself, what we learn by having you as a  customer, and the choices you give us about what marketing you want us to send  you. This notice explains how we do this and tells you about your privacy  rights and how the law protects you.
No Fear Bridge is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website at https://www.nofearbridge.co.uk.  Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.


For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2018, the Data Controller is No Fear Bridge Ltd of 29 Weybarton, Byfleet, Surrey, United Kingdom, KT14 7EF. You can contact us about any privacy matters at help@nofearbridge.co.uk
By registering or placing an order on this website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
We may collect both personal information and non-personal  information from you as described below. Personal data, or personal  information, means any information about an individual from which that person  can be identified. We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of  personal data about you which we have grouped together follows: 

  Identity Data: includes first name and last name. 

  Contact Data: includes email address and postal address. 

Marketing and Communications Data: includes your preferences  in receiving email marketing from us. 
Usage Data: includes information about how you use our  website. 
We may also receive other information about you from e-mails or letters you send to us.
The law and other regulations treat some types of personal information as special.  We DO NOT collect any of these types of data: Racial or ethnic origin Religious or philosophical beliefs Trade union membership Genetic and bio-metric data Health data including gender Criminal convictions and offences 
HOW  DO WE COLLECT THE INFORMATION?
We collect  customer data in the following ways:
1. When  you purchase an item from our shop page https://www.nofearbridge.co.uk/shop.php


What we store
Why we need it


Name &    Address 
We will use    this to deliver your order 


Email    Address 
We use this to    send you order confirmation and to keep you updated about your order status. 


Phone Number 
If you give    a phone number (optional) we will only use it if we need to contact you with    a query regarding an order. 


Payment    Details
All payment information is handled by a secure payment portal PayPal. No Fear Bridge Ltd do not receive or store any payment card details.  (See 'Your Payment Information' below)


2. When you  register for a free trial member at https://www.nofearbridge.co.uk or purchase a  membership.

  Free Trial Membership


What we store
Why we need it


Name 
We use this    to create your membership account


Email    Address 
We use this to    send you send you a password and identify your membership account.  We also use your email address to send    renewal reminders a few days before your trial expires.  We do not use your email address for any    marketing unless you tick the 'News and Special Offers' box on the     registration form (see below).


Username
We use this    to create your membership account


Password
This is    needed for you to log into your membership.
      Passwords are encrypted on our system and are not accessible by No Fear    Bridge staff.


Marketing    Preferences
If you tick    the 'News and Special Offers' box on the registration form, you give us    permission to send you occasional emails with news and special offers.


Country
This is    required for tax purposes should you become a full member.


IP address
This is    required for tax purposes should you become a full member.


Membership Purchase

In addition to  the information collected for free trial registration:


What we store
Why we need it


Postal Address
This is    required for tax purposes.


Payment    Details
When processing membership payments No Fear Bridge does not receive or store any payment card details. For customer security we use Sagepay or Payal who collect card payments on our behalf. 
      (See 'Your Payment Information' below).


3. When  you register for our public site newsletter at https://www.nofearbridge.co.uk


What we store
Why we need it


Email    Address 
To send you    the newsletter.


4. If you have requested us to add an entry on our 'Bridge Near You' pages (teachers and clubs)


What we store
Why we need it


Name or Club Name
We use this    to create your entry on our 'Bridge Near You' pages.


Website address
We link to your website if you have one.


Email address
We use this to keep in touch with you about your entry on our 'Bridge Near You' pages.
    We only list your email address in your entry if you have specifically requested us to to do.


Telephone number
We only list your telephone number in your entry if you have specifically requested us to to do.


Details of lesson or sessions
We use this    to create your entry.


5. Usage Data
See 'Cookies' below.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small text file that is saved  to your device using your browser. Cookies cannot obtain any personal information stored about you  or anyone else on your computer. Cookies cannot be used to identify who you are.
Our system will issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the member's site.  Cookies are essential to log on to the member's site and also make it easier for you to log on automatically for future visits. 
We use StatCounter to analyse the use of No Fear Bridge website.   This does not collect any personal information but generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.  The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website.  StatCounter will store this information.  StatCounter's privacy policy is available at: https://statcounter.com/about/legal/
You may remove cookies and/or control their  operation by adjusting your browser settings. Please visit the 'help' section  of your browser for more information as each browser is different. You can find  out more information about cookies on the aboutcookies.org at https://www.aboutcookies.org
WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
1.  For the performance of our contract with you
We  use your information when you enter into a contract with us (for example to buy  a product or membership or register for a free trial membership) so that we can:

Process your order.
Take payment.
Provide  you with customer support.

2. For legal obligation 

For tax and accounting purposes.

3.  For our legitimate business interests

To conduct  analysis which helps improve and customise our products and services.
To  send you customer service emails including notifying you of membership expiry and occasionally about important changes or developments to the website or our services.

4. Where you’ve given your consent

To        send news and special offers on our products and services and other news of general interest to bridge players.
To list contact details that you asked us to include when you requested an entry on our 'Bridge Near You' pages.

HOW DO WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR DATA?
Any information you enter onto our website is protected by Transfer Layer Security (TLS) encryption. This encodes all your information as soon as you enter it keeping safe. It can only be decoded when it reaches our secure systems.
We employ security measures to protect, so far as reasonably possible, your information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an  unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. 
 In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those  employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need  to know. 
  They will only process your personal data on our  instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. 
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a  breach where we are legally required to do so. 
YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION
At no point during  payment transactions does No Fear Bridge have access to customer card information.  Instead we use secure industry standard payment service providers, Sagepay and Paypal.
How it works:
  1. Our order page redirects directly to the Paypal or Sagepay checkout page which is hosted on Paypal or Sagepay secure servers.
  2. Customer makes the payment on the Paypal or Sagepay secure payment page where the card transaction is processed on our behalf.
  3. Paypal or Sagepay returns to us an indicator that the payment was successful so that the membership can be updated or product ordered.
  4. Paypal or Sagepay does NOT send us any of the customer's card details.
If using Paypal, at no point during to payment transaction does No Fear Bridge have access to your Paypal account or your Paypal log in details.
Card payments via Sagepay are processed by our merchant account provider, Global Payments.
Paypal privacy policy
Sagepay privacy policy
Global Payments privacy policy
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
The information you provide to us may be accessed by or given to third parties some of whom may be located inside the European Economic Area who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy.  Those parties process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit card payments and provide support services on our behalf.
We share information with Paypal, Sagepay and Global Payment for processing payments. See 'Your Payment Information' above.
We share information with Roman Cart (shopping cart service) and Royal Mail for receiving and dispatching orders from our shop page.
Roman Cart privacy policy
Royal Mail privacy policy
For tax and accounting purposes we share your information with HM  Revenue & Customs, our company accountant and our accounts system, Kashflow
Kashflow privacy policy 
We  may need to share your personal information with regulators and other authorities
If you register for our public site newsletter, your email address is used by Mailchimp for sending the newsletter.
Mailchimp privacy policy
Website usage data is received by Statcounter, see under 'Cookies' above.
In limited and necessary circumstances, your information may be transferred outside of the  EEA or to an international organisation to comply with our legal or contractual requirements. 
We may also share your personal  information if we choose to sell, or transfer No Fear Bridge Ltd. During  any such process, we may share your data with other parties. We'll only do this  if they agree to keep your data safe and private. 
  If  a sale or transfer happens, then other parties may use your data in the same  way as set out in this notice. 
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
MARKETING
We will only send you marketing messages by email if you have given consent for either 1) our public site Newsletter or 2) our member's site News and Special Offers newsletter.
How to stop receiving these:
1. Unsubscribe from public site newsletter by clicking the 'Unsubscribe' link at the bottom of the newsletter.
2. Unsubscribe from members site News and Special Offers by updating your preferences from 'My Account' page.
Or you can ask us  to stop sending you marketing messages by contacting us at any time. Whatever you choose, you'll  still receive other important information such as any changes to your existing  services.
HOW LONG  DO WE KEEP YOUR PESONAL INFORMATION?
We will keep  your personal information for as long as you are a customer of No Fear Bridge  Ltd.
  After you stop  being a customer, we may keep your data for up to 10 years for one of these  reasons:

To  maintain records according to rules that apply to us.
To  respond to any questions or complaints. 

We may keep  your data for longer than 10 years if we cannot delete it for legal or regulatory reasons.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS TO ACCESS AND UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION?
You have the right to: 

Request a copy of your information.
Ask us to correct information that is wrong, to delete it or  to request that we only use it for certain purposes. 
To change your mind and ask us to stop using your  information.

  If you would like to modify or remove personally  identifiable information about you that is being held by us, then you should  contact us with your specific requests. 
  If you wish to access the data we hold on you, you should  contact us at help@nofearbridge.co.uk and we  will provide a Data Subject Access Request (DSAR) form to you  within a month. As part of the DSAR, you will need to provide two documents  which should include your name, date of birth and current address and should be  dated within the last 3 months. We are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the website and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.
Privacy Policy last updated 29th May 2018
