This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ is being used online. ‘Personally identifiable information’ is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?When visiting the eFappy website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details you decide to share, in order to help you with your experience. Your IP address and any other personally identifiable information that you do not explicitly share with us are not collected in any way.When do we collect information?You will only be asked for that information when filling a contact form in order to send us a message.How do we use your information?The information is collected in order for us to be able to reply back to your message. Every piece of information requested in these forms is completely optional. You, the owner of such information, have the right to decide whether you want to share that information with us.How do we protect visitor information?The transmission of the information to us is encrypted and protected by an SSL certificate. The presence of SSL protection is indicated by the green lock in the address bar and by the URL of the website starting with “https://” instead of “http://”. After the information is transmitted, it is only used to reply to your message and it is not stored on our servers.Do we use ‘cookies’?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we only use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Google Chrome) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookie settings.As we only use cookies to compile generic statistics about site traffic and site interaction, the eFappy website is built to function properly without them. If you decide to disable them, your experience with the website will be the same.Third Party DisclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Demographics and Interests Reporting:We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.How does our site handle do not track signals?We honor do not track signals and do not track, nor plant cookies when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to provide you with information that you requested. If at any time you would like to stop receiving future emails, you can simply let us know by replying to the received email.