What information do we collect? We don't collect any personal information from you when you visit our site.  We do use cookies to ensure that your visit to the site appears the same from visit to visit.  The cookies last for less than seven days and are stored on your computer.
Information About Our Advertising Partners & The Information They Collect.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to this sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.  You can learn more about their policies DoubleClick DART Cookie
sciencespot.net is very conscious of the need for extra privacy precautions on a site where many children visit. Therefore, we do not collect any personal information about anyone who visits the site.We don't collect any personal information from you when you visit our site. We do use cookies to ensure that your visit to the site appears the same from visit to visit. The cookies last for less than seven days and are stored on your computer.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to this sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. You can learn more about their policies here  
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on sciencespot.net. 
.:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to sciencespot.net and other sites on the Internet.  
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://google.com/privacy_ads.html 
 Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include .......  Google Adsense
 Commission Junction
 Widget Bucks
 Adbrite
 Clickbank
 Epic / Azoogle
 Chitika
 Linkshare
 Amazon
 Kontera
 Advertising.com 
 CPAStorm 
 Burst
 Valueclick
 InfoLinks
 Vibrant Media
 24/7 Real Media
 Tribal Fusion
 Casale
 Tremor Media
 Adify
 
 These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on sciencespot.net send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. 
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
 sciencespot.net has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. 
 You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. sciencespot.net's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. 
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
 If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: - To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)- To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)- To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information. Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? Other than described in this privacy policy, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, third party marketers, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links  Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or you wish to unsubscribe from our site and services you may contact us using the information below or by writing to us at:

14002 E Back Road
Lewistown, IL 61542
United States sciencespot.netEmail:ttomm@sciencespot.net
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:- To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)- To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)- To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.Other than described in this privacy policy, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, third party marketers, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or you wish to unsubscribe from our site and services you may contact us using the information below or by writing to us at:14002 E Back RoadLewistown, IL 61542United Statessciencespot.netEmail:ttomm@sciencespot.net