 
Privacy Statements:
At Portofino Beach Resort, we are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting your personal information and privacy is important to us and we want to explain to you our online information practices and the way your information is collected and used. This notice applies to all the information collected or submitted on our portofinobelize.com website. Portofino Beach Resort is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Personal Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an enquiry only to complete that enquiry. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. These addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.


How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
To make a reservation:
When making a reservation or using Portofino Beach Resort’s services it is necessary to have information in order to identify you, contact you and to process your purchase and requests. This information usually includes, but is not limited to, your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number and expiration date, and the language preference English or Spanish.
Third Party Links:
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Your Consent:
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Terms and Conditions:
Please also visit our Policies and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at  
www.portofinobelize.com
Picture Usage Rights:
Reproduction of any images published on the website www.portofinobelize.com by any means (including electronic, mechanical, recording by an information storage and retrieval system, derivative art and artistic rendering) is prohibited. All images are for publications by Portofino Beach Resort only. No Third Party publications. No Distribution. 
If you wish to use any of the pictures for any business or non business reasons, please contact us via email.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
 
