

                        How we Use and Share this information 
                    1&1 IONOS may use and share your personal information in order to provide the services requested. For example, your information may be provided to the domain registrar in order to process domain registrations, or with the relevant certificate authority to order an SSL certificate on your behalf. We will also share your information to the extent necessary to comply with ICANN's rules, regulations, and policies, and if your domains are not set to private registration, the publicly available WHOIS registry will contain personal information, including but not limited to your title, first name, surname, domain name, e-mail address, country, and phone number. 1&1 IONOS is required to supply some of your personal data in order to request an SSL certificate from the certificate authority. By submitting a request for an SSL certificate order or renewal through 1&1 IONOS, you consent to 1&1 IONOS releasing all required personal information to the certificate authority in order to fulfill the request and you acknowledge and understand that 1&1 IONOS acts only as an intermediary between the customer and the certificate authority, in order to facilitate the order or renewal of the certificate. 1&1 IONOS has no influence on the outcome of an SSL certificate request and cannot guarantee that any request for an SSL certificate order or renewal will be granted. 1&1 IONOS may also use the personally identifiable information collected by 1&1 IONOS to contact customers regarding products and services offered by 1&1 IONOS and, to the extent the user has agreed to it, by its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners. We may also use this information and share it with trusted third parties for research purposes regarding the effectiveness of our website services, marketing, advertising and sales efforts, including, without limitation, for purposes of customer reviews (such as for the utilization of programs like Google Seller Ratings). 1&1 IONOS will not sell or otherwise share this information with a third party for a third party\x92s marketing purposes, unless you specifically authorize such information sharing. 1&1 IONOS may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from users to investors and potential partners. In such cases, only statistical information will be disclosed and personally identifiable data will be kept strictly confidential. In case 1&1 IONOS is sold, the information collected from users may be transferred to the new owners.1&1 IONOS may from time to time engage third parties, including its own subsidiaries and affiliated companies, to preserve, analyze or otherwise store or manipulate data received by 1&1 IONOS from its customers. In all such cases, third party service providers will be required to treat all such data with the same degree of care as 1&1 IONOS and they will be prohibited from disclosing such data to any other person or party, except as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy. 1&1 IONOS uses payment account information solely to check the financial qualifications of prospective Customers and to collect payment for the services provided by 1&1 IONOS.

