This notice describes the general privacy policy of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group*. By visiting www.mandarinoriental.com, you are accepting the practices described in this notice.
11. WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU DO WE GATHER?
Information you give us helps us to provide you with our services, enter into or fulfill a contract with you and/or reply to or take actions in response to your enquiries or requests. To the extent permissible by applicable laws, the types of information we gather are:

Information You Give Us: We receive and store information you enter on our website or give us in any other way, including, for example, when you stay as a guest at hotels managed by us. The provision of any information by you is voluntary except where otherwise stated. However, where you choose not to provide certain information, we may not be able to reply or respond to your enquiry or request and you may not be able to take advantage of some or all of our services. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as entering into or fulfilling a contract with you, reserving a room, processing on-line purchase transactions (including purchase of Mandarin Oriental gift cards), replying to or taking actions in response to your enquiries or requests, and customising our services to your preferences. We also use such information for statistical and analysis purposes, to communicate news and promotions to you relating to Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group-related products and services and other products and services we think may be of interest to you, and otherwise communicating with you by email, mail, fax, phone or other means. We may also use such information as may be required to comply with applicable local laws.
Personal Data You Provided on Behalf of Another Person: If you are entering data on behalf of another person, you warrant to us that you are authorised by that person to enter their personal data onto our system, and that that information is accurate and correct. If any non-compliance by you with respect to this provision results in any loss or damage being incurred by us, you may be required to compensate us in respect of such loss.
Automatic Information: We receive and may evaluate certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses www.mandarinoriental.com including your IP address, browser type and operating system. This information helps us to communicate with our customers and better understand them.
E-mail Communications: If you provide us with your email address, we may email you promotional and marketing materials. We provide you with the option not to receive such promotional and marketing materials in each email sent to you. If you stay as a guest at hotels or residences properties managed by us, we may also use your email address to send you a Guest Satisfaction Survey after your stay. If you do not wish to receive a survey, you may notify us by contacting our Data Privacy Officer at data-protection@mohg.com. You may also receive an auto-generated e-mail confirmation when making a reservation on the Internet for stays at hotels or residences properties managed by us, when consummating any on-line purchase transactions with us, and occasionally from our reservation sales agents for enquiries related to a booking you have made for any of our services and products.
Information from Other Sources: For reasons such as improving personalisation of our services (for example, providing recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you), we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to your existing information. We may share your existing information with third parties where this is necessary to provide you with our services, enter into or fulfill a contract with you and/or reply to or take actions in response to your enquiries or requests.
Age Limitations: Mandarin Oriental does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from our websites from any person we actually know is a person under the age of 18. Mandarin Oriental may collect personally identifiable information from people under the age of 18 as part of the guest registration process, but always with the consent of such person’s parent or guardian.

22. WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?
We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to collect information from you. We collect information about users over time when you use this website. We may have third parties collect personal information this way. Learn more about these tools and how you can control them here. We also collect information from our mobile apps.
33. DOES MANDARIN ORIENTAL SHARE THE INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?
Information you provide to us will be used for such purposes as entering into or fulfilling a contract with you, reserving a room, processing on-line purchase transactions (including purchase of Mandarin Oriental gift cards), replying to or taking actions in response to your enquiries or requests, and customising our services to your preferences. To the extent permissible by applicable laws, we also use such information for statistical and analysis purposes, to communicate news and promotions to you relating to Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group-related products and services and other products and services we think may be of interest to you, and otherwise communicating with you by email, mail, fax, phone or other means. We may also use such information as may be required to comply with applicable local laws. To the extent permissible by applicable law, we may therefore share information amongst ourselves, with hotels and residences properties managed by us, with third parties that collaborate with us on joint promotions (for example, airline partners, and local restaurants/celebrity chefs) and with third party service providers that assist in manageing your data and communicating news and promotions to you (such as our email vendors and customer relationship management consultants; for queries regarding our third party data processors and third party recipients of personal data, please email us at data-protection@mohg.com). In addition, we may share your information with other third parties where it is reasonably necessary or required in order to enter into or fulfill a contract with you and/or to reply to or take actions in response to your enquiries or requests, and as may be required to comply with applicable local laws.
44. DOES MANDARIN ORIENTAL TRANSFER INFORMATION OVERSEAS?
We may transfer your information outside of the country in which it was collected (including to countries where we have hotels under development or operation) for various reasons, including the purpose of entering into or fulfilling a contract with you, reserving a room, processing on-line purchase transactions (including purchase of Mandarin Oriental gift cards), replying to or taking actions in response to your enquiries or requests, for processing by us or on behalf of the hotels and residences properties managed by us, for enhancing personalisation of services provided to you, for communicating news and promotions to you relating to Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group-related products and services and other products and services we think may be of interest to you, and for statistical and analysis purposes. Such transfer may be to a country which may not provide the same level of privacy protection as that provided by the country in which the information was collected but we will take reasonable steps (including entering into data transfer agreements based on the European Commission model clauses, where required) to ensure that while your data is within our control, we will handle your data using reasonable security and confidentiality procedures to keep your data secure and confidential.
55. HOW SECURE IS INFORMATION ABOUT ME?

We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts information you input and which is certified by the Secure Server Certification Authority.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming a reservation or processing on-line purchase transactions. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company for verification.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when you have finished using a shared computer.

66. WHAT CAN I DO IF I HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS OR WANT TO ACCESS MY PERSONAL DATA?
Our Data Privacy Officer will be happy to answer any concerns or queries you may have relating to the use or storage of your personal data. You have the right to object to the collection of and/or request access to, correction of and/or deletion of your data at any time by contacting our Data Privacy Officer. Our Data Privacy Officer can be contacted at data-protection@mohg.com.
* "Mandarin Oriental", "Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group", "we", "us" and "ourselves" refers to Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group Limited and its affiliates directly involved in the group’s management and operation of properties around the world, including the local management entities in the following jurisdictions: in the Czech Republic this is Mandarin Oriental Prague S.R.O.; in France this is MOHG Hotel (Paris) SARL; in Germany this is Mandarin Oriental Munich GmbH; in Italy this is Mandarin Oriental Hotel Management (BVI) Limited; in Spain this is Mandarin Oriental Spain SL; in Morocco this is MO Hotel Management SARL; in Switzerland this is Mandarin Oriental (Switzerland) SA; and in the United Kingdom this is Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park Limited. Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group Limited and the applicable local management entities as set forth above are “data controllers”.
Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group Limited; 7/F, 281 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.
 
Last updated: 1 October 2015
 
Dasar Privasi Malaysia
Privacy Policy - Indonesian Bahasa
Privacy Policy -Taiwan - Traditional Chinese
Privacy Policy - Thailand
