
I'm from the Europe – is there anything else I should know?
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using your information will depend on the information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.  
However, we will normally collect information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we collect and use your information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), it will normally be obvious from the context what those legitimate interests are.
If we are processing information about you on behalf of a customer in the course of providing our services to them (i.e. as a data processor), then it is our customer's responsibility to determine the legal basis for the processing we conduct on their behalf. If you ask us about information we are processing on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to speak with the relevant customer.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your information, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
Additional data protection rights
In addition to your rights to access, correct, update and delete your information described above, and your right to opt-out of communications also explained above, you also have the right to object to processing of your information, ask us to restrict processing of your information or to request portability of your information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
If we have collected and process your information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you are unhappy with the way we have processed your information, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area are available here.) 
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
EU Data Protection Officer
To contact our EU data protection officer, please e-mail privacy@rapid7.com.
EU representative
Our representative in the European Union is Rapid7 International Limited with a registered office at Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London, England, EC4R 3TT.
Return to top

