
What kinds of information do we collect?
Information you provide directly to us
For example, we collect information you provide in order to access our solutions, use our sites, subscribe to our content, or register for an activity associated with Rapid7. This may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, telephone number, and mailing address. 
If you make a purchase from Rapid7, become one of our vendors, or otherwise establish a relationship with us that involves financial transactions, we collect information about those transactions. This may include, but is not limited to, your credit or debit card information, account and authentication information, tax identifiers, and other billing, delivery, and contact details.
How you interact with us and our solutions
We collect information about the solutions you use and how you use them, such as how often you access our products and which features you use most frequently. 
On our sites, we collect information using cookies and other tracking technologies. Please see our full Cookies, Widgets, and Other Tracking Technologies Policy.  
Information to deliver our solutions and services,
including:

Device and network data
User and system behavior
Application logs
Organizational information
Other relevant machine data  

Information from third-party partners
We receive various types of information from third-party partners on some occasions, such as when we jointly offer services or sponsor events. We also collect data from third parties that relate to active or historic threats, vulnerabilities, and risks around the world. This can include data like hostnames, IP Addresses, email accounts, and usernames. 
Information collected through various research initiatives
We conduct many types of research activities, including initiatives like Project Sonar, which periodically scans the internet to gain insights into global exposure to common vulnerabilities.
Human resources information 
We collect the human resources information of our employees. 
Return to top

