Zapier won't sell or rent your personal information to a third party. Primarily, we use personal data to run Zapier. We may use personal data to provide you with predictions about other services you might be interested in on Zapier. If we intend to use your personal data in a way we have not mentioned, we will let you know when we collect that information.Zapier will not sell or rent to any third party any of the personal information or data that you provide to us. Zapier uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Zapier Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. Zapier and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the "Zapier Related Companies") may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Services to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services, to better understand our users and to improve the Zapier Services. Zapier and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
If Zapier intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected.
