Privacy Policy
HOTMART respects your privacy and we are committed to taking all the steps in order to preserve it. 
Thus, before you accept the Terms of Use from HOTMART, you should acknowledge and accept our Privacy Policy,
      with clear and complete information about the collection, use, storage, treatment, and protection of your
      PERSONAL DATA. 
Therefore, we strongly recommend that you read and pay close attention to the Privacy Policy before you sign up
      to, or even browse, the HOTMART websites and platform. 
DEFINITIONS
The terms stated in the item DEFINITIONS in the Terms of Use are used in this Privacy Policy with the same
      meanings. 
Whenever the terms below are used in capital letters in this Privacy Policy, they have the same meaning as
      expressed in the current legislation.
REGISTRATION DATA: affiliation, address (including electronic address), PERSONAL qualification, understood as
      name, surname, marital status, and profession from the User. 
PERSONAL DATA: information relating to the natural person. Considered all data that can be directly or
      indirectly used to identify a person, for example: name, photos, email, bank details, medical information,
      geolocation, phone number, posts on social media, computer IP address, etc.
PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA: every operation made with PERSONA DATA, such as the ones relating to the
      collection, production, reception, classification, use, access, reproduction, transmission, distribution,
      processing, storage, deletion, assessment, or control of information, modification, communication, transference,
      diffusion, or extraction. 
1) Collection of Personal Data and information 
Firstly, it’s important to highlight that it is indispensable for HOTMART to collect, store, and process
      personal data from users, in order to make it possible to provide the services through its PLATFORM.
Therefore, it is necessary that you acknowledge and expressly and unequivocally accept the possibility that
      HOTMART may collect, receive and store, automatically, Personal Data and information in its servers about the
      activities from the users’ browsers, including geolocation, IP addresses, cookies, or other identifiable
      character sequences, and other information from the transactions made through the Platform. 
Also, some personal data is necessarily collected by HOTMART to make it possible to execute the service
      agreement (Terms of Use) with the USERS, as well as the legitimate interest in allowing the operations of the
      PLATFORM.
Moreover, it is worth reminding you that, to make use of the tools offered by HOTMART, you must sign up to the
      Platform and, to do so, you must inform your complete name, date of birth, an identification number (such as id
      number, taxpayer’s identification number, or corporate tax number), phone number, and email address, as well as
      creating an access password for your exclusive use. 
You are aware that is it your responsibility to provide true, exact, precise, updated and complete information
      when you sign up to access the Platform. We remind you that providing incomplete or false information constitutes
      a crime under the law and can lead to severe penalties to those who provide it. 
2) Control of REGISTRATION DATA by the Users
Each user holds control over the REGISTRATION DATA in the profile created at HOTMART, being able to access such
      data and change it by using his or her login and password. We remind you that login and password are individual
      and known only by the user, who shall ensure the confidentiality of such data. HOTMART is not held responsible
      for the manner in which the User uses such data. The users may update their REGISTRATION DATA with HOTMART
      through the HOTMART Platform. 
3) Collect and use of PERSONAL DATA and information collected 
The PERSONAL and REGISTRATION DATA collected, as well as any other information collected, may be used in the
      communication between our team and you, in notifications about your activity with HOTMART tools, as well as
      system alerts and notifications. 
Moreover, the PERSONAL DATA and REGISTRATION DATA collected, as well as any other information and access
      registration to the HOTMART tools may be stored, treated, processed, and used by us with the following purposes:
    

enable the provision of services offered by HOTMART in an effective and efficient way, allowing the
        operationalization in a fast and safe manner;
help, whenever necessary and appropriate, that the Users (Producers, Affiliates, and Buyers) communicate
        amongst themselves, especially in cases of eventual disputes relating to CONTENT quality, delay in the delivery
        of CONTENT, Copyright, and Intellectual Property;
carry out analyses and studies relating to behavior, interest, and demography of Users, with the intent of
        understanding their demands and needs, in order to provide more adequate, efficient, and interesting services,
        improving the experience of usability of the HOTMART tools;
improve our commercial and marketing strategies, in order to make the services offered better;
send Users, through messages, information relating to the products, services, advertisement, promotions,
        banners, and news from HOTMART. 

3.1) Personal data and User Rights
We highlight that it is the right of the user to receive clear and complete information, whenever formally
      requested, about personal data that is eventually collected and/or processed by HOTMART. For more detailed
      information on how data is collected, the use of cookies and similar tools, access our Cookie Policy (LINK).
Besides, the USERS may contact HOTMART to exercise their rights of exclusion, rectification, correction and
      restriction of use related to their personal data, as well as providing their personal data requested in a
      correct, structured and common formatting, whenever ensured by applicable legislation.
The USERS may also exercise their rights and present complaints to the competent data protection authorities to
      act in their jurisdiction.
For the exercise of any of their rights linked to personal data eventually collected and processed by HOTMART,
      as well as to send questions about this issue, USERS should contact HOTMART via the email address gdpr@hotmart.com.
USERS whose personal data has been collected and processed based on given consent, may, at any point in time,
      withdraw it, without affecting the legality of the collection and processing carried out by HOTMART during this
      period. Personal data collected under a legitimate interest on the part of HOTMART or needed to execute an
      agreement may be the object of inquiry via the email address gdpr@hotmart.com.
If the USER withdraws their consent or requests the deletion of data collected and processed based on the
      legitimate interest and/or need to execute an agreement, the USER recognizes and accepts, from this moment on,
      that HOTMART will not be held responsible for any loss and/or damage caused to their personal data if the USER
      decides to withdraw consent.
It’s important to highlight that some personal data must, under legal obligation imposed to HOTMART by competent
      authorities, be kept in our files for a minimum period legally determined, even if the USER requests its deletion
      and/or change. To exemplify, data linked to fiscal documents, financial documents, individual or corporate
      taxpayer’s numbers, full name, and others necessary to identify a certain financial, tax, or fiscal operation
      will be kept by HOTMART even if its deletion has been requested.
We stress, once again, that it is essential for HOTMART to collect, store, and process personal data from USERS,
      in order to make it possible to provide the services offered through its PLATFORM.
Nevertheless, we guarantee to our USERS to make our best efforts to keep all the personal data collected duly
      safe, protected, and confidential, however unfeasible it may be to ensure the complete inviolability of data in
      case of external attacks and system failure.
In such cases, we are committed to inform the USERS of the occurrence and which data has been breached, in the
      principle of transparency and trust that principle of transparency and trust that must always guide the
      relationship between HOTMART and its USERS.
3.2) User’s responsibilities in relation to the protection of data collected
If the USER utilizes the HOTMART PLATFORM, it means that they are likely the owner of a business that makes use
      of HOTMART services to sell their products. In relation to the customers’ personal data, collected by the USERS
      and eventually delivered to HOTMART, we act as data processing entities and comply with the legal obligations
      related to the protection of personal data.
However, in this context, the USERS are perceived ad data controlling entities, as they are responsible for the
      collection of personal data from their customers. Thus, the USERS agree and recognize that they are exclusively
      responsible for completely respect the applicable data protection legislation, especially GDPR, is the customer
      whose data was collected is in a country in the European Union. 
In relation to HOTMART suggesting certain features that may make it easier for the USERS to comply with the
      legislation on the protection of personal data, such as warning messages of data collection, USERS recognize that
      HOTMART does not act in, nor does it offer, legal consulting services, therefore not holding any responsibility
      in this sense. HOTMART strongly recommends that the USERS seek legal and technical advice to make sure they are
      in conformity with the applicable laws and norms for their business, especially the ones that concern the
      protection of personal data. 
 
4) Storage and Protection of PERSONAL DATA collected 
All the PERSONAL DATA from USERS collected and processed as stated in this Privacy Policy will be stored in our
      database and processed until the moment in which the USER withdraws their consent for us to do so. All remaining
      data, as specified above, will be kept for as long as necessary in order to serve the purpose it was originally
      collected for. We can also retain information as stated in the law. 
The DATA collected by HOTMART will be stored in safe databases, with the best practices, with access restricted
      only to employees with the appropriate credentials, who must keep the confidentiality of such information and not
      make use of it inadequately. 
HOTMAT may store and process PERSONAL DATA collected, and other information collected in a server located in
      Brazil or abroad. 
5) Disclosure of PERSONAL and REGISTRATION DATA collected to third
      parties 
You accept that HOTMART may disclose PERSONAL and REGISTRATION DATA, such as complete name and electronic
      address, to the Buyer, Affiliate, and Producer in case of breach of Terms of Use that may incur in damages to
      other HOTMART Users or to third parties.
Likewise, you accept that, in an attempt to avoid illegal activities, in cases of suspicion of fraud, disputes,
      complaint about the CONTENT or any indication of foul play by the Users, including the dissemination of SPAM and
      situations involving potential threats to the physical well-being of an individual, the PERSONAL and REGISTRATION
      DATA of Users involved can be provided to the harmed parties. In certain cases, if HOTMART deems necessary, it
      can provide the data collected to the bodies and institutions intervening in the investigation of resolution of
      disputes between Users or between Users and third parties, such as: insurance companies, arbitration awards, and
      other competent administrative bodies. 
You accept that HOTMART may share, with Producers, Affiliates, and other commissioned partners, PERSONAL and
      REGISTRATION DATA from the Buyer, such as email, complete name, identification number (id number, taxpayer’s
      identification number, or corporate tax number), date of birth, telephone number and home address, for cases in
      which they have set up, in the Platform, to receive data from the purchases (including subscription) and
      developments (possible status of a purchase). 
You also agree that HOTMART may share PERSONAL and REGISTRATION DATA collected with the providers of third-party
      services to HOTMART, with the intent of allowing the development of their respective activities and ensure the
      improvement of services and operations of the Platform, for instance, but not limited to, services such as: data
      backup, fraud-prevention services, service provision of emails and databases, issuing of invoices, amongst
      others. In this case, HOTMART demands from all service providers with which we share users’ Personal Data, to
      include in their contracts, clauses that ensure the protection and confidentiality in processing data.
You agree, moreover, that in an eventual business operation that involves the restructuring of the corporate
      group to which HOTMART is part, as well as the acquisition or selling of stocks and assets, the PERSONAL DATA may
      be considered one of the commercial assets to be transferred. In these cases, HOTMART may transfer the PERSONAL
      and REGISTRATION DATA if the company is bought or merged with (an)other company(ies). 
Excluding the hypothesis stated in this Privacy Policy, the PERSONAL and REGISTRATION DATA, collected directly
      in the Platform, as well as the access registration to the Platform (ID address, date, time, and time zone) and
      the data relating to the transactions made through the Platform, may only be released to a third-party in the
      following cases:

by a request or specific authorization by the user him/herself;
in compliance with court order. 

6) Retention of PERSONAL and Registration DATA after termination of
      account
You may terminate your account with HOTMART at any moment, by accessing Platform Setup, being ineffective any
      other means to achieve this end. Notified of the User’s request, in the terms of item 3.1 above, HOTMART will
      then proceed to definitively exclude the PERSONAL and REGISTRATION DATA provided by the User throughout the
      duration of the relationship with HOTMART, which may take up to 5 (five) days. The access registration (IPs), if
      there are any, will be discarded after 180 days of storage, in the terms of the current legislation.
7) SPAM
We are against all and any practice that promotes SPAM of any kind and we are committed to ensure that every
      message sent by the Platform are in the interest or are important to the respective recipient. Moreover, at any
      moment, the user may also choose to stop receiving messages from HOTMART by changing his or her preferences for
      receiving emails, or terminating his or her account, just like stated in the item above. 
In the same manner, we ask our users not to practice any SPAM, that they make sure that the messages sent are
      always in the best interest of the recipient, being aware that the non-compliance with the good practices of the
      Internet may lead to the termination of the offender’s account in the HOTMART Platform, according to what is
      stated in the Terms of Use, as well as the release of REGISTRATION DATA, stated in the terms of this Privacy
      Policy. 
8) Changes to this Privacy Policy
HOTMART reserves the right to, at any moment, change this Privacy Policy by updating its content according to
      the needs of technological improvement or its functionalities. 
When changes are made to the Privacy Policy, HOTMART will inform its users via an email or through a publication
      in a featured area in the Platform and will request you to acknowledge and accept the altered Policy Privacy. 
If you continue to use the tools offered by HOTMART after the communication of changes in the Privacy Policy,
      this will mean and will be considered unambiguous consent and irrevocable and irreversible acceptance of all the
      terms and conditions in the altered Privacy Policy. 
To view and access Hotmart’s Data Processing Agreement that is a part of the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy,
      just click here.
For any clarification and further information about this Policy Privacy, please contact us at
      soporte@hotmart.com, with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line. 


