We may share the personal data we collect with other companies in the Tesco Group. For example, we share personal data with the following Tesco Group companies.This section explains how and why we share personal data with other companies within the Tesco Group.Tesco Bank
Tesco Bank use your Clubcard data to help them work out whether they can offer you certain products, and what discounts, deals or offers they can make you.
Tesco Bank may use data that you provide, such as your name and address, to find any Clubcard(s) that are linked to your address.  They may use data about these Clubcard(s) to help tailor offers to you. When they do this, they will only ever use the Clubcard linked to your address which gives you the best terms, deals or offers.
Tesco Bank may look at your Clubcard data in different ways to help understand more about you (we call this ‘profiling’). Profiling includes things such as how likely Tesco Bank think you are to pay back money they lend you, how often you use other Tesco products and services, and how you prefer to shop. Profiling helps Tesco Bank create a number of ‘Clubcard scores’, which they then use as one of the factors in their automated decision-making process.
Where applicable, at the point of applying, individual offers you receive may be affected by your credit rating. Tesco Bank may also take into account whether or not you are a Clubcard customer.
Profiling allows Tesco Bank to tailor offers specifically to its customers. This means that different Clubcard customers may get different offers. For its banking products profiling means that customers will receive better offers and/or be more likely to be accepted for the product requested than non-Clubcard customers who have a broadly equivalent credit rating.
Where Tesco Bank are offering insurance products, Clubcard profiling means that although different Clubcard customers may get different offers, Clubcard customers will always receive better offers than non Clubcard customers.
We make Clubcard information (including information about purchases when you use your Clubcard) and information about your online behaviour we have collected through cookies available to Tesco Bank.  This helps them to improve their service and make their marketing communications more relevant to you.
We may also use data provided to us by Tesco Bank, for example information about the Tesco Bank products you hold, to improve our service and make our marketing communications more relevant to you.
You can find more information about the way in which Tesco Bank use your data in their privacy and cookies policy.
Tesco Mobile
We make Clubcard information (including information about purchases when you use your Clubcard) and information about your online behaviour we have collected through cookies available to Tesco Mobile.  This helps them to improve their service and make their marketing communications more relevant to you.
You can find more information about the way in which Tesco Mobile use your data in their privacy and cookies policy.
dunnhumby
dunnhumby, part of the Tesco Group, is also one of our main service providers.  dunnhumby help us to use personal data to help improve our understanding of customers and personalise your customer experience.  You can find out more about what dunnhumby do here.
