
This section explains how and why we share personal data with other companies within the Tesco Group.
We may share the personal data we collect with other companies in the Tesco Group.  For example, we share personal data with the following Tesco Group companies.


Tesco Bank
Clubcard information is one of a number of factors that Tesco Bank take into account when assessing your credit risk. For example, Tesco Bank will take into account Clubcard information linked to your household (including information about purchases when you or a household member use a Clubcard) when considering your application.
For some banking products, Tesco Bank use Clubcard information to evaluate your eligibility for credit products as part of the assessment they are required to do.  
Tesco Bank also use Clubcard information to decide the level of discounts to offer on premiums for some insurance products. For these banking and insurance products, the Clubcard information linked to your household is always used to have a positive effect on your application.
We make Clubcard information (including information about purchases when you use your Clubcard) and information about your online behaviour we have collected through cookies available to Tesco Bank.  This helps them to improve their service and make their marketing communications more relevant to you.
You can find more information about the way in which Tesco Bank use your data in their privacy and cookies policy.
We may also use data provided to us by Tesco Bank, for example information about the Tesco Bank products you hold, to improve our service and make our marketing communications more relevant to you.
Tesco Mobile
We make Clubcard information (including information about purchases when you use your Clubcard) and information about your online behaviour we have collected through cookies available to Tesco Mobile.  This helps them to improve their service and make their marketing communications more relevant to you.
You can find more information about the way in which Tesco Mobile use your data in their privacy and cookies policy.
dunnhumby
dunnhumby, part of the Tesco Group, is also one of our main service providers.  dunnhumby help us to use personal data to help improve our understanding of customers and personalise your customer experience.  You can find out more about what dunnhumby do here.

