Privacy PolicyHere at AmFostAcolo.ro, your privacy does really matter and you probably already noticed that. 
No unsolicited mails - apart of those concerning administrative issues - have EVER been sent to you. 
Every e-mail that you receive is in respect to your request and contains explicit instructions to remove the subscription.  
And - most of that and even if you weren't aware of those things -  the disclosure of your personal data was always and  categorically denied, despite of dozens or maybe hundreds of requests from differents touristical resorts owners, most of them in threaten terms. AmFostAcolo.ro will disclose your personal data only if a courr-order will oficially ask this, most generally speaking -  only according to the current law specifications. 
Here at AmFostAcolo.ro, your privacy does really matter and you probably already noticed that. No unsolicited mails - apart of those concerning administrative issues - have EVER been sent to you. Every e-mail that you receive is in respect to your request and contains explicit instructions to remove the subscription. And - most of that and even if you weren't aware of those things - the disclosure of your personal data was always and categorically denied, despite of dozens or maybe hundreds of requests from differents touristical resorts owners, most of them in threaten terms. AmFostAcolo.ro will disclose your personal data only if a courr-order will oficially ask this, most generally speaking - only according to the current law specifications.
INTRODUCTION

During the administration process of the website,  AmFostAcolo needs to take over some personal data.  AmFostAcolo respects the confidentiality for personal data collected  from its users . We are the  owners of the information gathered within the AmFostAcolo.ro website. We will not enstrange this data  to others in any way. We will not share this information in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
This privacy policy informs the user about the type of personal data   collected from him, the way it can be used , the way  it is  protected and who has access to it.


TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA THAT ARE COLLECTED

There are three ways of collecting personal data from users:  cookies , directly from the user  or  from traffic references.

Personal data collected from cookies: in order to offer   personalized services,  AmFostAcolo  uses cookies to facilitate storing and tracking  the  preferences of users.

Personal data provided directly by the user: when the user subscribes to a service provided by  AmFostAcolo,   the site administrators can request  his name, e-mail address or other private data.

Personal data from traffic references: when  visiting a website,   certain information about the user is unveiled, such as  IP address, time of visit, place from where  the website is accesed.  AmFostAcolo also stores this kind of  information..


Cookies are   files offered to your browser by a web server and then stored  on the hard-disk of your computer. Usually, browsers are set to accept cookies, but the user can set the browser not to accept them. However, cookie denial can bring visualisation problems in some sections of the site. 

AmFostAcolo allows other companies, called third-party  servers, to post advertisements on the  site. These third-party  servers use technology to send  to the browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the AmFostAcolo site. During this process, they  may automatically receive your IP address.
AmFostAcolo does not explicitly give away any personally identifiable data to these third-party  servers 
  without the user's consent.

It is very important to know that, whenever one reveals  information in public areas on the website,  that information becomes public and might be tracked and used by unauthorized persons. Therefore, AmFostAcolo cannot entirely guarantee its safety. One should be cautiuos when deciding to reveal its personal information. The user  should also know that he is the only one responsible for keeping the secret of  his personal  details.

THE INSTANCES WHEN PERSONAL DATA IS USED ON THE SITE

-      information provided directly by the user  is used   in order to personalize the services that are offered   and to verify  his or her identity;
- information from traffic references  helps us identify the parts of  the site of most interest for you. 
- Cookies allow us to save   passwords and   personal preferences so that one does not have to introduce them every time they acces the site.

PROTECTION OF COLLECTED PERSONAL DATA

 AmFostAcolo does not offer your personal data to third parties without   prior express consent. Any statistics that are offered to   partners or to advertisement networks do not include  personal identifying information about the user.
The user's access to many facilities on the website is protected by   password. We advise you not to unveil this password to anyone. AmFostAcolo will never ask for the password of your accounts through   unsolicited means of contact. We  advise you not to reveal, under no circumstances, your passwords to those who may ask for it.  This helps to restrain the access of unauthorized persons to  personal data.
Unfortunately, no data transmission on the world wide web can be 100% safe. All this kind of transmission  is made on the user's own risk.
Still, this site has security measures in order to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. 
Our servers are protected by strict security measures in  order to prevent an intruder from retrieving personal information about our users.


UNSOLICITED COMMUNICATION

AmFostAcolo will not use personal e-mail addresses in order to send   any kind of unsolicited  mail. You can always choose to subscribe or unsubscribe from our mail sending services.

PARTIES THAT CAN ACCESS THE INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM USERS

As a rule, AmFostAcolo will never unveil any sort of personally identifiable data about any of its users, without their prior express consent. On the other hand, it may reveal this kind of data when expressly permitted by law 
or when this measure is necessary in order to protect the website's rights and interests.


 PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES

If we decide to change the privacy policy, 
we will post those changes on our Homepage, Blog or Forum so our users know all about the information  collected, 
how it is used, and what are the precise conditions in which it can be revealed. 
If at any point we decide to use personal data in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, 
we will notify users by way of an email. 
Users can choose choice whether or not we use their information in this different manner. 
As a general rule, AmFostAcolo will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the specified information was collected at the time.


For any suggestions and comments regarding AmFostAcolo or the Privacy Policy, 
please contact us at webmaster.@.amfostacolo[punct]ro 

Romanian 