



The world’s largest airline Customer Satisfaction survey is your opportunity to nominate your favourite airline in the Skytrax World Airline Awards. The “Oscars of the aviation industry” this is your chance to support your chosen carrier. Read more ›





Read the latest Airline Customer reviews and Ratings on Skytrax, the world's most comprehensive airline review site. Customer feedback and ratings for airline seat comfort, staff... Read more ›





Just seven airlines in the world have received the prestigious 5-Star Airline rating, by providing highest standards of Airport and Onboard Product to customers. They share a common theme to achieve this top level 5-Star ranking by being consistent with their quality... Read more ›


Travellers take part each year in the world’s largest international airline passenger satisfaction survey to decide award winners. The Survey covers full-service and low-cost airlines, and measures standards across 41 key performance indicators of airline front-line... Read more ›





Register as a Skytrax Member and benefit from selected offers. Registration on this site is totally free and allows you to monitor your review history. You can track your membership status, view your submitted and published reviews and any rejected reviews... Read more ›


Have you got an experience to share about a recent air trip? You can review the airline service and general trip experience, review their cabin seat standards, review the lounge quality. Or maybe you want to write about your time at the airport. Use this page link and start writing now... Read more ›





More airlines now offer the option to pay and reserve your seats online, either at the time of booking, or when you perform online check-in. This is the safest way to try and get the seat of your choice, but please remember that this is not always a guarantee that you will receive this seat... Read more ›





Our Special Features section lets you take a look inside airline cabins, view airline seats or maybe savour airline onboard meal options. See inside airline lounges and read our latest “Flying With” airline guides... Read more ›





Restaurant upstairs either buffet or a la carte menu has a large array of choice and there is another downstairs where you can order sandwich and snacks of your choice. Showers are comfortable and quite a large number. Excellent wifi connection and sockets to charge phones... Read more ›

