
Terms and Conditions & Privacy

Terms and Conditions
We provide the information contained on www.tokyoroomfinder.com subject to the terms and conditions set out in this statement.
 Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the  accuracy, completeness or reliability of information. The Website Owner reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. If you find an error or omission at this site, please contact us.
 Any trade marks, names, logos and service marks (collectively "trade marks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trade marks of the Website Owner. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any trade mark without the prior written permission of the Website Owner.
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the Website Owner and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon           provided is at your own risk.  No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of the Website Owner. Please contact  if you would like to link to this website or would like to request a link to your website. 
the Website Owner may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the "current version") and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us.


Privacy
To better protect your privacy and personal information we provide this statement explaining our online information policy.
We use the information you provide about yourself when making an enquiry only to help you find a room. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your requirements in seeking accommodation in Japan.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. These are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with other companies or organisations. You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new properties and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you opt in for it.
We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Should you have other questions or concerns about privacy issues, please use our contact form to get in touch with us.


