
Privacy Policy

Telestream Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 10, 2015
Telestream, LLC ("Telestream") values your privacy. In this Privacy Policy ("Policy"), we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our websites  including, but not limited to, telestream.net, pandastream.com, gameshow.net, and subdomains, (collectively, the "site”) and the services available through our Site (collectively, the "Services").
By visiting the Site, or using any of our Services, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy. Your use of our Site or Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy.


What Information Do We Collect About You and Why?
We may collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our Site or Services.

Information We Collect Directly From You
Certain areas and features of our Site and Services require registration and/or creation of a user account. Depending on what area of our Site or Services you register for, you will be required to provide some or all of the following information: your company name, name, address, phone number, email, username, and password. We also may collect additional optional information from you, including information about what products you are interested in, your software version, CPU type, OS version, other system specific data, website URL, and signature information. If you choose to purchase a product you will need to provide your financial information to our payment processor, Avangate; any such information will be governed by the Avangate privacy policy.

Information We Collect Automatically
We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our Site or Services through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; the length of time you visit our Site and/or use our Services; your device ID; and the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our Site. We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your user name, name, and other personal information. Please see the section Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms below for more information.

How We Use Your Information
We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:


To provide our Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Site or our Services.
For marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we may use your information, such as your email address, to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you. We also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites.
To better understand how users access and use our Site and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Site and Services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.


How We Share Your Information
We may share your information, including personal information, as follows:


Telestream Users. Your user name and any information that you post to any area on our Site, including, without limitation, reviews, comments, and text will be available to, and searchable by, all users of that area of our Site.
Affiliates. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information will be subject to this Policy.
Service Providers. We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which Telestream is involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.

We do not disclose or transfer your personal information to non-affiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes without your prior written consent.

Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Site or Services. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf).
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser do-not-track requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions in the Third Party Ad Network section.
Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site and Service. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.

Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Site. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Site.
Persistent Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity, and to display advertising both on our Site and on third-party sites.


Disabling Cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Site who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function.

Clear GIFs, Pixel Tags and Other Technologies
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computers hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Site to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Site usage. We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.

Third Party Analytics
We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us improve our Services, performance, and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. We do not share your personal information with these third parties.
Emails and Newsletters
Emails we send you may include a tag that notifies us whether you have received or opened the email, or clicked a link within the email. If you do not want us to collect this information, you can opt out of receiving emails from use (links in the emails provide opt out options).

Third-Party Ad Networks
We sometimes work with other third-party companies who use tracking technologies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet.  These companies may collect information about your online interaction with us, including advertising.  Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Site as well as other websites. This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements by displaying ads for products and services in which you might be interested. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third partys specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our services, as well as aggregate or non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our Site and users of our service.

                You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp (NAI) and www.aboutads.info/choices (DAA).
                Opting out of one or more NAI member or DAA member networks (many of which will be the same) only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our Site or other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAA opt-out may no longer be effective. Additional information is available on NAIs and DAAs websites accessible by the above links.
            

User Generated Content
We invite you to post content on our Site (where applicable), including your comments, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available on our Site. If you post content to publicly available areas of our Site, all of the information that you post will be available to all visitors to our Site users. If you post content to areas that require a log-in, all of the information that you post will be available to registered users of that area. If you post your own content on our Site or Services, your posting may become public and Telestream cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, the law, or your personal privacy.
Third-Party Links
Our Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.

Security of My Personal Information
We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your user name and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.

Access To My Personal Information
You may modify personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your information or by contacting us using the contact information provided below. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site for a period of time.

What Choices Do I Have Regarding Use of My Personal Information?
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you. You may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you emails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us.

Children Under 13
Our Services are not designed for children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us using the Opt-out Links on our emails and newsletters or in any of the following ways.
Telephone:  530-470-1300
Fax:  530-470-1301
Email:   info@telestream.net

Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site.
If you own a Telestream product, visit our Support Center for the latest software updates and product information.
