
Purpose
The Grenada Tourism Authority is committed to protecting the privacy of those accessing its Web sites. The purpose of this policy is to inform those accessing our Web sites about the collection and use of the personally identifiable information of its users. Any information you provide will be considered private and will never be given, sold or leased to other companies or agencies unless clearly stated on the page on which the information is requested. Anonymous Information Collected

The following information may be automatically collected and retained if you look or search through our web pages, or download information:
 

The Internet domain and Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using to access our site;
The type of browser and operating system used to visit our site;
The date and time of when you access our site; and
Which portions of the website you visit

The data collected serve as part of our statistical analysis about the use of our Web sites so we may better design online services and improve access to them. We do not attempt to gain personally identifiable information about individual users and associate it with IP addresses. The Grenada Tourism Authority does not use the information automatically collected to ascertain your personally identifiable information
Cookies
Cookies are simple text files stored on your web browser to provide a means of distinguishing among users of this web site. The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet web sites. To better serve you, we occasionally use "session cookies" to enhance or customize your visit to this web site. Session cookies can be created automatically on the device you use to access this state agency web site, and generally do not contain personal information and do not compromise your privacy or security. We may use the cookie feature to store a randomly generated identifying tag on the device you use to access this web site. Depending upon your system settings, session cookies may be erased during operation of your browser or when your browser is closed. Using web browser settings, you can refuse the cookies or delete the cookie file from your computer by using any of the widely available methods. Some features of grenadagrenadines.com, such as the trip planner, will not function properly if you disable cookies.
Personal Information Collected
During your visit to this web site you may send an e-mail to the Grenada Tourism Authority. Your e-mail address and the contents of your message will be collected. Your e-mail address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this web site, or to forward your message to other relevant parties for appropriate action. Your e-mail address is not collected for commercial purposes and the Grenada Tourism Authority is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your e-mail address for commercial purposes.

During your visit to this web site you may complete a transaction such as a survey, registration, or order form. The information, including personal information, volunteered by you in completing the transaction is used by The Grenada Tourism Authority to operate our programs, which include the provision of goods, services, and information. This information is confidential and will not be passed on to our selected partners without your consent.

Unless for a children's contest, The Grenada Tourism Authority does not knowingly collect personal information from children or create profiles of children through this web site. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail will always be treated as though it was submitted by an adult or with parental approval and supervision. The Grenada Tourism Authority strongly encourages parents and teachers to be involved in children's Internet activities and to provide guidance whenever children are asked to provide personal information on-line.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that The Grenada Tourism Authorityis not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to grenadagrenadines.com
Disclaimer
Some of the information provided in this website is self-reported by the listed businesses. The Grenada Tourism Authority makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of the information provided about any listed business. The Grenada Tourism Authority does not recommend or endorse any listed business or any products or services offered by a listed business. Any correspondence or business dealings between any user of this website and any listed business are solely between the user and the listed business. The Grenada Tourism Authority shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any kind as a result of any such business dealings or the listing of a business on this website.

