
Use of this site
This privacy statement applies to users of the Website, www.fexco.com (the “site”). We at FEXCO are committed to protecting your privacy and this privacy statement sets out the use we make of any your information that we may obtain by the use of our site. The site is operated by FEXCO of FEXCO Centre, Iveragh Road, Killorglin, Co Kerry, Ireland (referred to here as “we”/”us”/”our”).
Using the site
By using our site, you signify that you agree with the terms of our current privacy policy as posted on this site.
Aggregate Information
We collect general information about each individual visitor’s experience of our website. We collect information such as the Internet Protocol address of persons using the site, browser types, referring pages, pages visited, time spent on the site etc. Individuals cannot be identified by this information and we use it, like cookies (see below) to improve the performance, design and layout of the site, and bringing our customers the type of content and products they want.
Cookies
Certain sections of the site use cookies Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy [LINK].
Collection of Information
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:

technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.

Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with information collected on this site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Uses made of the Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:

to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.

Information we collect about you. We will use this information:

to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.

Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of the Information
We may share your personal information with other members of the FEXCO Group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
Whilst we do not, as a rule, disclose your personal information to third parties, we may do so in the following exceptions:

In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If FEXCO or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of FEXCO, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Where we store your Personal Information
The personal information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Launch of Other Sites
By using this site and following links from this site you may be brought to other FEXCO affiliated or third party sites which may launch in a separate browser. Unless specifically stated on such sites and/or unless this statement appears by a link on those sites, this privacy policy does not extend to those sites and your privacy will be protected in accordance with the privacy statements (if any) appearing as such sites.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or the security practices of this site, you can contact us by emailing us at privacy@fexco.com, or writing us at the address above. Please mark correspondence “For the Attention of the Privacy Officer”. Also please contact us if you have any comments on how we can improve our privacy policies. We reserve the right to change or remove this privacy policy at our discretion and will post any new privacy policy here and we encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
Your Rights, Access to and Rectification of Your Information
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your information) if we intend to use your information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your information.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at privacy@fexco.com.
You have the right to obtain a copy of the information that we hold about you. You can also request that we rectify or erase any information that we hold about you, if that information is incorrect. You can obtain information about yourself, or request a rectification or erasure, by writing to the Privacy Officer, FEXCO, Iveragh Road, Killorglin, Co Kerry, or by sending an email to privacy@fexco.com.
Irish Data Protection Commissioner
Further information on your data privacy rights are available on the website of the Irish Data Protection Commissioner. http://www.dataprivacy.ie

