

User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers


      FictionDB.com is a database of book related information compiled by
      FictionDB. This Agreement describes the terms and conditions applicable to
      your use of our services available under the domain and sub-domains of
      www.fictiondb.com. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and
      conditions of this User Agreement, do not use or access our services.
This Agreement was last updated on April 5,
      2019. We may amend this Agreement at any time.
Copyright
      	All content on this site, unless otherwise indicated, is copyright
		1995-2019 FictionDB. All rights reserved. Reproduction, distribution or
      transmission by any means without the prior permission of FictionDB is
      prohibited. FictionDB, RomanceDB, MysteryDB, SuspenseDB, SpeculativeDB and
      WesternDB are trademarks of FictionDB.
Designated copyrights, trademarks and
      brands are the property of their respective owners.
LibraryThing Recommendations and the LibraryThing Tag Cloud and Tag
		Browser are (c) 2005-2019 LibraryThing.com, LLC. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer
      Although FictionDB tries to ensure the accuracy of the database, FictionDB
      gives no warranty as to the accuracy of the information contained in the
      database. FictionDB reserves the right to withdraw or delete information
      at any time.
The database and services provided by
      FictionDB are provided for the information of users only on an
      "as-is", "as available" basis. It is not provided with
      the intention that users rely on this information for any purposes.
      Accordingly, FictionDB shall under no circumstances be liable for any loss
      or damage, including but not limited to loss of profits, goodwill or
      indirect or consequential loss arising out of any use of or inaccuracies
      in the information. All warranties express or implied are excluded to the
      fullest extent permissible by law.
A. FREE SERVICES - Basic Browsing
      Browsing the book catalog at FictionDB.com is free. Registered visitors, our Basic Members, can use FictionDB to keep track of book lists and notes. FictionDB displays ads to visitors who use our services for free.
B. SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
      FictionDB.com paid subscribers, our Premium Members, are not shown display ads.
Fees and Payments.
      Current subscriber fees for FictionDB are posted on the FictionDB
      Compare Features page. To
      become a subscriber, you agree to pay the subscription fees and any other
      charges incurred in connection with your user name and password for
      FictionDB (including any applicable taxes) at the rates in effect when the
      charges were incurred. Subscription fees will be billed at the beginning
      of your subscription or any renewal. All fees and charges are
      nonrefundable. We may change the fees and charges then in effect, or add
      new fees or charges, at any time. You are responsible for any fees or
      charges incurred to access FictionDB through an Internet access provider
      or other third party service.
Subscriber Limitations.
      (a) Only one individual may access FictionDB at the same time using the
      same user name or password.
(b) We may refuse to grant you a user name
      that impersonates someone else, is protected by trademark or other
      proprietary right law, or is vulgar or otherwise offensive.
C. MATERIALS ON THE SITE, PROPRIETARY USE
You acknowledge that all materials on the site, including, but not limited to, design, graphics, text, pictures, software and other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (the "Materials"), are subject to and protected under copyright, trademark and/or other intellectual property laws and rights. All copyrighted and copyrightable Materials are owned by FictionDB and/or its suppliers or licensors, all rights reserved. FictionDB authorizes you to view and download the Materials only for personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Materials.

Except as stated herein, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, perform, display, post, transmit, frame, or otherwise use any of the Materials in any form or by any means, without the prior written permission of FictionDB or the respective intellectual property owner. You may not modify or adapt the Materials in any way or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purposes. You may not interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site, and you may not use any robot, spider, data miner, scraper, or other automated means to access the site for any purpose.

E. PRIVACY
Privacy and Personal Information
      FictionDB protects the identity of visitors to FictinDB.com by limiting
      the collection of personal information. Only FictionDB subscribers are
      required to provide personal information. For certain promotions, we may
      request a voluntary submission of information such as name, e-mail
      address, city, state, and age. All personally identifiable information
      collected on FictionDB.com is used only by FictionDB staff for
      subscription payments, to track site usage patterns and statistics, for
      market research, or for prize or information-request fulfillment unless
      otherwise indicated. Such information will not be posted or published by
      us, nor will it be provided to third parties without consent.
Anonymous aggregated data may be provided
      to other companies we do business with for statistical or market research
      purposes.
Cookies
      We employ cookie technology to help visitors and subscribers move faster
      through our site. When you subscribe and sign on to our Web site, we may
      pass cookies to your computer.
Cookies and Display Advertising
      FictionDB will display third party advertisements. Third party ad vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on
						your prior visits to FictionDB and other websites. These advertising cookies allow our ad partners to serve ads to you based on your
						visit to FictionDB and/or other sites on the Internet. You can choose to disable cookies in your browser settings. However, this can affect how you are
						able to interact with our site and other sites. Alternatively, you can opt out of some third party vendors' uses of cookies for personalized
						advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info

F. LIMITATIONS ON USE.
      (a) The content available through FictionDB is our property or the
      property of the respective book publishers and is protected by copyright
      and other intellectual property laws. You may display or print the content
      available through FictionDB for your personal, non-commercial use only.
      You agree not to sell, publish, distribute, retransmit, or otherwise
      provide access to the content received through FictionDB to anyone,
      including your fellow employees, with the following exception. You may
      occasionally distribute pages from FictionDB in electronic or
      non-electronic form to a few individuals without charge, provided you
      include all copyright and other proprietary rights notices in the same
      form in which the notices appear in FictionDB and the phrase "Used
      with permission from FictionDB."
(b) You agree not to use FictionDB for any
      unlawful purpose. We reserve the right to terminate or restrict your
      access to FictionDB if, in our opinion, your use of FictionDB may violate
      any laws, infringe upon another person's rights or violate the terms of
      this Agreement.
G. REVIEWS, COMMENTS, OTHER CONTENT. 
		Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; and submit
		suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long
		as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory,
		invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or
		otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not
		consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning,
		commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of
		"spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person
		or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of your content.
		FictionDB reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit
		such content, but does not regularly review posted content. 

		Your License to FictionDB: If you do post content or submit material,
		and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant FictionDB a nonexclusive,
		royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to
		use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative
		works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in
		any media. You grant FictionDB and its sublicensees the right to use the
		name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose.
		You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the
		rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that
		use of the content you supply does not violate this site's policies and
		will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will
		indemnify FictionDB for all claims resulting from content you supply.
		FictionDB has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or
		remove any activity or content. FictionDB takes no responsibility and
		assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. 
H. OTHER SITES AND AFFILIATE PROGRAMS.
      We may link to other Web sites within FictionDB.com. You agree that we are
      not responsible for, and do not control, those Web sites or services.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate
      advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
We are a participant in several affiliate programs where we earn fees when you click on Buy links.
I. DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND
      LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY.
      YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF FICTIONDB.COM AND THE CONTENT
      AVAILABLE THROUGH FICTIONDB.COM IS ON AN "AS-IS", "AS
      AVAILABLE" BASIS AND WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR
      WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
      REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FICTIONDB, ITS AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS,
      OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND LICENSORS ("THE FICTIONDB PARTIES")
      WILL NOT BE LIABLE (JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY) TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON AS A
      RESULT OF YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF FICTIONDB.COM FOR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
      SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT
      CHARACTERIZED IN NEGLIGENCE, TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY,
      EVEN IF ANY OF THE FICTIONDB PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
      OF OR COULD HAVE FORESEEN ANY OF THE EXCLUDED DAMAGES, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF
      ANY FAILURE OF AN ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF A LIMITED REMEDY. IF ANY APPLICABLE
      AUTHORITY HOLDS ANY PORTION OF THIS SECTION TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN THE
      FICTIONDB PARTIES' LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST POSSIBLE
      EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
 J. GENERAL
      This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State
      of California as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to
      be performed entirely within California between California residents. We
      do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our
      services, and operation of our site may be interfered with by numerous
      factors outside of our control. If any provision of this Agreement is held
      to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the
      remaining provisions shall be enforced. You agree that this User Agreement
      and all incorporated agreements may be automatically assigned by FictionDB,
      in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or
      acquisition. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way
      define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section.
      Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not
      waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
      This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between
      us with respect to the subject matter hereof.

