

Anybodythere's  Privacy & Cookie Policy


We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
(1) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
(a) information about your visits to and use of this website;
(b) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications;
(2) Information about website visits
We may collect information about you computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to improve the website's usability, and for marketing purposes.
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored on by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website's usability and for marketing purposes.  We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you. Our advertisers may also send you cookies.
Google Analytics

					We use Google Analytics to records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. 
					All of that information is anonymous ie we just know that somebody visited our website. The information we collect from analytics helps us understand 
					what parts of our sites are doing well and how people arrive at our site etc
					
Facebook & Other Social Networks

					These services provide social buttons and similar features which we use on our website – such as 'Like' and 'Share'.
					To do so we embed code that they provide and we do not control ourselves. To function their buttons generally know if you’re logged in; for example Facebook 
					use this to say “x of your friends like this”. We do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks use it.
					

					The social buttons are provided by Addthis.com. Click the link to find out more about the services they provide.
					
The DoubleClick cookie

					Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website.
					Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
					

					Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings 
					or by visiting aboutads.info

ContentClick

					Our website also serves ads provided by www.contentclick.co.uk. For further information click the link to view their Privacy Policy.
					
Discussion Comments

					To allow visitors to discuss some of our content we use a comment system called Disqus.
					

					To do so we embed code that Disqus provide that we do not control ourselves. Disqus anonymously tracks visitors to pages like we do. 
					They also remember who you are if you login to any Disqus service, so you can comment on any website using their tool.
					

					Logging in to Disqus can be done in many ways, including via Facebook. If you login via social network, Disqus will be able to link your activity to that network. 
					In this way, your Disqus activity may be personally identifiable.
					

					Disqus will know what pages you viewed on our website and what you wrote on the comments. Comments are publicly visible on the Internet alongside your name.
					
Online Payments

					We use PayPal to process credit cards and accept payment via PayPal in some circumstances ie Psychic Readings.
					The company will have access to your personal and payment information. When paying by credit card, anybodythere.net do not ever have any access to your credit card details.
					

					We share information with PayPal only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website.
					
(3)	Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to:
(a) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(b) send information (other than marketing communications) to you which we think may be of interest to you by email or similar technology;
(c) send to you marketing communications relating to our business, or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications to be sent by emailing us at administrator@anybodythere.net;
(d) provide other companies with statistical information about our users - but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(4) Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(5) International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you are in the European Union, information which you provide may be transferred to countries (including the United States, Japan and other countries) which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Union. You expressly agree to such transfers.
(6)	Security of your personal data
	We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
	You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. We will not ask you for your password.
(7)	Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
(8) Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you.
You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes. You can also instruct us not to use your personal data for marketing purposes by email to administrator@anybodythere.net at any time.
(9)	Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites.
(10) Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email to administrator@anybodythere.net.

