
We give a lot of importance to the protection of your data. We have established safety and confidential rules to ensure the best possible protection of your data. We do, however, need to collect certain information when you order. Please know that personal data is not collected without your prior consent.

These rules apply to all those involved with the company.

What data is collected?
During registration, ordering or when contacting the Instant Gaming Ltd company, personal information such as your name, email address and telephone number can be requested. It is your wish as to whether or not you provide this information. Should you choose not to, Instant Gaming Ltd will not be in a position to provide you with products, services or the requested information. No bank details are ever recorded by Instant Gaming Ltd.
We never record your bank data.



Technical data
When you access our website, technical data is stored in the server's log files, i.e. your I.P. address, the URL, the date and time, as well as your browser version and operating system. In addition, cookies are sometimes sent to your hard drive. Cookies are small text files stored temporarily on your hard drive and may contain information about your visit to our website. They facilitate navigation and allow you to customize the display of the site for further ease of use.
The data collected is of a technical nature and never recorded; only anonymous statistics are collected.
We don't use cookies to track you, but to avoid asking for your password every 15 minutes



Navigational statistics
To improve the usability of our website, we collect navigational data for statistical purposes. We use it for the services of Google Analytics. From this data, usage patterns are created and pseudonyms are assigned to them. Data is collected and recorded under a pseudonym only. The data is not used to personally identify the visitor to this website or to establish a connection with the personal information of the holder of the pseudonym. This ensures that no connection to the data protocol mentioned above or those of the user profile can be established.
We collect stats to understand better our users, but don't worry, they're anonymous



Removal of collected data
Your personal data collected is eliminated when you withdraw your consent for collection, when it is no longer required for initial collection purposes or when its collection is prohibited for legal reasons.
We will erase your data just with a simple request...



Stored data access
You have the right to access any of your personal data collected by Instant Gaming Ltd and at no cost. You also have a right to correct, update or delete data. You can revoke your consent at any time on the collection, processing and use of personal data concerning you. 
Security: we take all appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the security of your personal data and to prevent third party access. We cannot guarantee complete security of data when communicating by email. If you wish to communicate confidential information, we recommend you to use a postal service.
...or we will send them to you



Communication regarding data protection
For any questions about the collection, processing or use of your personal data and for any request of access, rectification, opposition or deletion of data, or to revoke your consent, please use the "Contact Us" link.

Instant Gaming Limited, Hong Kong, Suite 2611, Langham Place Office Tower, 8 Argyle Street, Mongkok (registration number : 1808100).

PAYOP LTD, 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ United Kingdom (registration number : 10390479).
Feel free to contact us!



All sites using this service are required to present the follow text to their users:
This site uses Google Analytics, a monitoring service website provided by Google Inc.. Google Analytics uses cookies which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze site usage by its users. The data generated by the cookie about your use of the site (including your I.P. address) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity addressed to its editor and providing other services relating to website activity and use of the Internet. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf including, in particular, the site editor. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can disable the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, this deactivation could prevent the use of certain features of this site. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes described above.
If you do not want one of these services to collect data about your access to our website, you can disable the use of cookies and/or the execution of JavaScript in the settings tab of your browser.
Requested by Google



