
This Privacy Policy applies to all the publicly accessible pages on the Transport for NSW website located at www.transport.nsw.gov.au. Transport for NSW does not have any responsibility for the privacy policies or practices of third party sites linked to the Transport for NSW website.
Please note: General Transport for NSW privacy information, including the Transport for NSW Privacy Management Plan, is available on our Transport privacy page.
Users of the Transport for NSW website are entitled to expect that any information gathered as a result of that use will be treated within the terms of the NSW Government's privacy responsibilities and obligations. The NSW Government's privacy practices are regulated by the New South Wales Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998.
Information we collect
When you look at the pages on the Transport for NSW website, the computers on which the site is hosted automatically record information that identifies, for each page accessed the:

IP (Internet Protocol) address of the machine which has accessed it
your top-level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk)
address of your server
date and time of your visit to the site
pages accessed and documents downloaded
previous site or page visited
time you spend browsing the site
type of browser and operating system you have used.

Cookies are not generally used on the Transport for NSW site to track information. Nor does Transport for NSW generally link information automatically gathered through its website with personal data about specific individuals. For exceptions see below.
How we use information collected
The information collected during each visit is aggregated with similar logged information and published in statistical reports in order for Transport for NSW to identify usage patterns for the site. This will assist us in improving the Transport for NSW website and the services offered on it.
Transport for NSW will not disclose or publish information that identifies individual machines, or potentially identifies sub-groupings of addresses, without consent or otherwise in accordance with the New South Wales Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998.
Exceptions to rules of information collection
Transport for NSW may use cookies to track registered users of applications such as MyRecords. Such tracking is only conducted within the application and for registered users. Information from this tracking may be collated and held in a secure Transport for NSW database.
Transport for NSW will also collect, use and disclose more extensive information than stated above in the following circumstances:

unauthorised attempts to access files which are not published on the Transport for NSW website pages
unauthorised tampering or interference with files published on the Transport for NSW website
unauthorised attempts to index the contents of the Transport for NSW website by other sites
attempts to intercept messages of other users of the Transport for NSW website
communications which are defamatory, abusive, vilify individuals or groups or which give rise to a suspicion that an offence is being committed
attempts to otherwise compromise the security of the web server, breach the laws of the State of New South Wales or Commonwealth of Australia, or interfere with the enjoyment of the Transport for NSW website by other users.

Transport for NSW reserves the right to make disclosures to relevant authorities where the use of the Transport for NSW website raises a suspicion that an offence is being, or has been, committed.
In the event of an investigation, Transport for NSW will provide access to data to any law enforcement agency that may exercise a warrant to inspect our logs.
Storing information securely
Information collected is stored in an appropriately secure format and held for archival purposes. When the information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected it is deleted.
Access to information within Transport for NSW
The information is captured on the computers on which the site is hosted. Access to the raw data is restricted to a limited number of officers in Transport for NSW for the purpose of analysis and to report on the success of the Transport for NSW website in meeting Transport for NSW's communication and access objectives.
The officers who can access the raw data are members of the IT team of Transport for NSW.
Statistical reports prepared from the raw data are circulated among selected officers inside Transport for NSW.
Emails gathered from the website
Any email sent to Transport for NSW via links from the website is assessed then passed onto the most appropriate officer within Transport for NSW. Replies to emails, including the original message, are treated as official records and are saved and archived.
Updates to this policy
Due to the developing nature of privacy principles for online communication, this policy may be modified or expanded in light of new developments or issues that may arise from time to time. The amended policy will be posted to this site and will operate from the time it is posted.

