What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter. 
What do we use your information for? The information we collect from you may be used to send periodic emails.
		Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. 
Do we use cookies? We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our 
Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. 
Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at: 
		AuntAnnie.comPO Box 142Fishers, IN 46038USAdotware@auntannie.com
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter.The information we collect from you may be used to send periodic emails.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.We do not use cookies.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at:AuntAnnie.comPO Box 142Fishers, IN 46038USAdotware@auntannie.com 
Privacy Policy Created by Free Privacy Policy   