
Paycom's Terms of Use


Paycom, provides the information and services on its World Wide Web site (s) (the "Site") under the following terms and conditions. By accessing and/or using the Site, you indicate your acceptance of these terms and conditions.

LAWS AND REGULATIONS- Access to and use of this Site are subject to all applicable international, federal, state and local laws and regulations. User agrees not to use the Site in any way which violates such laws or regulations.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS- The Site and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof), are owned by Paycom, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
 
These terms and conditions permit you to use the Site for your personal, non-commercial use only, unless otherwise permitted via a written agreement between you and Paycom. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the material on our Site, except as follows:

Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Site for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution
If we provide desktop, mobile, or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.

You must not:

Modify copies of any materials from this site.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics without the written permission of Paycom other than printing or downloading one copy of pages of this Site for personal use as set forth above.

Delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site.
Provide another person or third party with access to any part of the Site in breach of these terms.

You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Site or any services or materials available through the Site, unless permitted via written agreement between you and Paycom.  Upon such agreement, all access and use of the Site must comply with these terms and conditions.
If you wish to make any use of material on the Site other than that set out in this section, please address your request to: 
creativeservices@paycom.com
If you violate any of these terms and conditions, your right to use the Site will stop immediately, and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made and cease all use of this Site and applications.   Any use of the Site not expressly permitted by these terms and conditions is a breach of these terms and conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws.
No right, title, or interest in or to the Site or any content therein is transferred to you by your use of the Site, any Paycom applications, or the content provided therein, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by Paycom.

TRADEMARKS- PAYCOM®, the P PAYCOM logo and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans (collectively, “Brand Assets”) are marks of Paycom Payroll, LLC or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use the Brand Assets without the prior written permission of Paycom, and any such use of the Brand Assets must comply with the Proper Usage Guidelines. 

THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY- To the extent that any third-party marks, logos, content, or other intellectual property are used on this Site, you are not granted any rights in or to such intellectual property by accessing or using this Site.
TAMPERING- User agrees not to modify, move, add to, delete or otherwise tamper with the information contained in Paycom’s Web site. User also agrees not to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or unlawfully use or reproduce any of the software, copyrighted or trademarked material, trade secrets, or other proprietary information contained in the Site.

THIRD PARTY INFORMATION- Although Paycom monitors the information on the Site, some of the information is supplied by independent third parties. While Paycom makes every effort to insure the accuracy of all information on the Site, Paycom makes no warranty either written or implied as to the accuracy of any such information.


LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES- This site may contain links that will let you access other Web sites that are not under the control of Paycom. The links are only provided as a convenience and Paycom does not endorse any of these sites. Paycom assumes no responsibility or liability for any material that may be accessed on other Web sites reached through this Site, nor does Paycom make any representation regarding the quality of any product or service contained at any such site.

LINKS FROM THIRD PARTY SITES- Paycom prohibits unauthorized links to the Site and the framing of any information contained on the site or any portion of the Site. Paycom reserves the right to disable any unauthorized links or frames. Paycom has no responsibility or liability for any material on other Web sites that may contain links to this Site.


NO WARRANTIES- Information and documents provided on this Site are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Paycom uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Site; it does not, however, make any warranties or representations as to its accuracy or completeness. Paycom periodically adds, changes, improves, or updates the information and documents on this Site without notice. Paycom assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this Site. Your use of this Site is at your own risk.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY- UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL PAYCOM BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY YOU, INCLUDING ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS OR DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION, PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA) THAT RESULT FROM ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR DUE TO ANY BREACH OF SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION THROUGH THE INTERNET, EVEN IF PAYCOM WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

PRIVACY- Protecting the privacy of our clients and users of our Sites is important to Paycom. Paycom will not disclose your employer or employee information to any third party that is not a participant of the process for which we serve (payroll). Those organizations which are typical participants of our processing include, but are not limited to the IRS, State Unemployment Agencies, State Income Agencies, Workers Compensation Auditors, 401k Administrators and those organizations, which participate in the NACHA program for funds transfer purposes.
USE OF COOKIES- As you browse Paycom.com, advertising  cookies will be placed on your computer so we can better understand which of  our products and services you are interested in. Our display advertising  partners then enable us to present you with retargeting advertising on other  sites based on your previous interaction with Paycom.com. The techniques our  partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email  address, postal address or telephone number.  You can visit this page to  opt out of such and their partners’ targeted advertising.


SECURITY- Data transmitted to and from Paycom client Sites in encrypted for the user’s protection. However, the security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed. Paycom is not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of data. User is responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of Paycom sites. In order to protect you and your data, Paycom may suspend your use of a client site, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected.

TRANSMISSION OF PERSONAL DATA- User acknowledges and agrees that by providing Paycom with any personal information through the Site, User consents to the transmission of such personal user information over international borders as necessary for processing in accordance with Paycom standard business practices and the Paycom Web Site Privacy Statement.

ACCESS TO PASSWORD PROTECTED/SECURE AREAS- Access to and use of password protected and/or secure area of the Site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited and may lead to criminal prosecution.


OPT-OUT /UNSUBSCRIBE- We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Paycom by contacting us here:
Click here to unsubscribe.
- Web page: www.Paycom.com/contact-us
- Email: blog@paycomonline.com
- Phone: 800.580.4505


JURISDICTION/GOVERNING LAW- These terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oklahoma, USA, and applicable federal laws without regard to conflicts of law principles. User agrees that any and all proceedings relating to this site and the subject matter contained herein shall be maintained in the courts of the state of Oklahoma or the federal district courts sitting in Oklahoma, which courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction for such purpose.

SOCIAL CONTENT- Paycom uses various social channels as a way for the company and its audience to start conversations, share experiences and form new communities. Paycom strives to maintain a positive experience for all users on these channels. Accordingly, Paycom prohibits content that Paycom, in its sole discretion, considers illegal, obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable. Paycom may, but has no obligation to, review the content placed on its social channels. In the event Paycom discovers content that, in its sole discretion, it deems a violation of these Terms of Use or that is otherwise illegal, Paycom may, but has no obligation to, take action, including restricting access to the content, removing the content, and limiting or terminating a user’s access.

