





Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions 





Privacy

Perinatology.com does not collect or track personal information from web site visitors. 
Generic information from server logs may be used in aggregate form solely for the purpose of improving web site quality.





Terms and Conditions 



Information contained at Perinatology.com and its links are made 
    
   available under the following conditions:

 
Changes may occur, since the last update, which 
    affect the accuracy and availability of the information presented. 
 

Visitors are advised when making use or any decision 
    based on information obtained from the Internet, to verify the 
    information independently. 
 

    All calculations must be confirmed 
    before use. The suggested results are not a substitute for clinical 
    judgment. Neither Perinatology.com nor any other party involved in the 
    preparation or publication of this site shall be liable for any special, 
    consequential, or exemplary 
 

In consideration of your use of this website , 
    perinatology.com, you covenant not to sue, and further waive, release and 
    discharge, perinatology.com and Focus Information Technology, Inc, and any 
    person and/or organization associated with the website from any and all 
    claims to liability for death, personal injury, or property damage of any 
    kind or nature, whatsoever arising out of, or in the course of, your use of 
    this website. Neither perinatology.com or Focus Information Technology,nor 
    any other individual, organization or other party involved in the 
    preparation or publication of this website shall be liable for any special, 
    consequential, or exemplary damages resulting in whole or part from any use 
    of or reliance upon the results or values generated by the calculators or 
    other information or materials included on this website
 

Accessibility of services, documents, programs, 
    information, and any other material through this Website does not imply 
    suitability or endorsement for any purpose whatsoever by any parties.
    
 

Specific medical advice will not be provided, and 
    Perinatology.com urges patients to consult with a qualified physician 
      for diagnosis and for answers to their personal questions. 
 

You are granted a 
    nonexclusive right to create hyperlinks  to Perinatology.com so long 
    as the links do not portray Perinatology.com  in a false, misleading, 
    or offensive matter.
 

Materials from the Perinatology.com site may be used under the 
      terms of 'fair use' as defined in the copyright laws which generally 
      permit use for noncommercial educational purposes, such as teaching, 
      research, criticism, and news reporting. 

For materials obtained from linked sites, all persons reproducing or redistributing information are
 expected to adhere to the terms and constraints invoked by the copyright holder.

 










Perinatology.com cannot and does not guarantee users 
protection against possible infections and viruses transmitted when downloading files from this site and 
thus DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY ASSOCIATED WITH LITIGATION PERTAINING TO THE CONTRACTION OF VIRUSES AND INFECTIONS
 



If you are not willing to 
    accept the terms and conditions in the disclaimer, we ask that you do 
    not use this Web Site 



Email address protected by JavaScript.
    Please enable JavaScript to contact us.



