








        perinatology.com
  


      Privacy and Disclaimer Statements 
 




 Homepage 
            >
    
Privacy and Disclaimer Statements











Privacy

Perinatology.com does not collect or track personal information from web site visitors. 
Generic information from server logs may be used in aggregate form solely for the purpose of improving web site quality.





Disclaimer



Information contained at Perinatology.com and its links are made 
    
   available under the following conditions:

 
Changes may occur, since the last update, which 
    affect the accuracy and availability of the information presented. 
 

Visitors are advised when making use or any decision 
    based on information obtained from the Internet, to verify the 
    information independently. 
 

The authors, and managers of 
    Perinatology.com  
    shall not be held liable for any damages 
    caused as a result of the use of the information contained herein. 
 

Accessibility of services, documents, programs, 
    information, and any other material through this Website does not imply 
    suitability or endorsement for any purpose whatsoever by any parties.
    
 

Specific medical advice will not be provided, and 
    Perinatology.com urges patients to consult with a qualified physician 
      for diagnosis and for answers to their personal questions. 
 

You are granted a 
    nonexclusive right to create hyperlinks  to Perinatology.com so long 
    as the links do not portray Perinatology.com  in a false, misleading, 
    or offensive matter.
 

Materials from the Perinatology.com site may be used under the 
      terms of 'fair use' as defined in the copyright laws which generally 
      permit use for noncommercial educational purposes, such as teaching, 
      research, criticism, and news reporting. 

For materials obtained from linked sites, all persons reproducing or redistributing information are
 expected to adhere to the terms and constraints invoked by the copyright holder.

 










Perinatology.com cannot and does not guarantee users 
protection against possible infections and viruses transmitted when downloading files from this site and 
thus DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY ASSOCIATED WITH LITIGATION PERTAINING TO THE CONTRACTION OF VIRUSES AND INFECTIONS
 


If you are not willing to 
    accept the terms and conditions in the disclaimer, we ask that you do 
    not use thIS Web Site 


Email address protected by JavaScript.
    Please enable JavaScript to contact us.






Email address protected by JavaScript.
    Please enable JavaScript to contact us.









    Home |
    About | 
    Disclaimer | 
    Privacy | Contact 
| Sitemap


