This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their personal data is being used at TenForce. Personal data, as described in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’). Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personal data. We are committed to keeping our Privacy Policy current and up to date.
GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation, coming into effect May 25, 2018, is an EU regulation which relates to the protection of personal data. The law’s reach stretches well beyond Europe to require any person or company in Europe (and conceivably the world) collecting personal data from EU citizens to post a privacy policy stating the information collected and with whom it’s shared. See https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en for more information on the regulation.
Business Contacts & Customers
What personal information do we collect from business contacts and customers?
The personal data we collect on you includes your contact information such as name, employer, position, phone, email and other business contact details. We collect this personal data on existing and potential TenForce clients and/or individuals using a customer relationship management system (CRM).
The TenForce CRM may also collect data from the TenForce email (sender name, recipient name, date and time) and calendar (organiser name, participant name, date and time of event) systems concerning interactions between TenForce users and contacts or third parties.
When do we collect your information?
We collect your data when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, use Live Chat or contact us about our products or services. This also includes communications made online, in person and via telephone.
We may also collect public personal data about you from sites like LinkedIn or your business’s website.
How do we use your information?
Your personal data may be used for the following purposes:

To develop a business relationship and correspond with you
To provide information about our services
To send periodic emails about your purchase
To send periodic emails on other services, such as new products or changes
To administer, manage and develop our services
To allow us to better service you in responding to your requests, such as requests for support

If we would like to use your personal data for marketing purposes, we will first let you choose whether or not you’d like your personal data used in this way.
How do we protect your information?
We have taken measures to protect the databases where your personal data is stored, against factors like unauthorized access, unauthorized use, theft or loss. Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. All sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology, which is the standard security technology for creating an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. We also use regular Malware Scanning.
How long do we keep your information?
We will keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the above purposes (e.g. for as long as we have, or need to keep a record of, a relationship with you).
If no legal, regulatory or contractual requirements apply, our baseline retention period for records and other documents created during the provision of services is 10 years.
Product Users
What personal information do we collect from the people who use our products?
We only collect personal data that is needed for you to use our product and administer your account. This includes user account details such as:

Username
Email address
Password

When do we collect your information?
We collect this information directly from you:
When you register and create an account to use our services
When you contact us for support
How do we use your information?
We use your personal data in accordance with contract specifications:
To access and use the product
To follow up and provide support on any queries
How do we protect your information?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In our hosting environments, we have taken both technical and organizational measures to protect the databases where your personal data is stored against factors like unauthorized access, unauthorized use, theft or loss. Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. All sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology, which is the standard security technology for creating an encrypted link between a web server and a browser.
How long do we keep your information?
We may retain your personal data as long as you are a registered user of the application, and according to contractual obligations.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. A cookie is a small text file placed on your computer by a web server. We use session cookies in our product to save you time. By storing your preference, you can stay logged in to the application for two weeks without signing in each time you access it. You can opt-in or out of these cookies on the login screen.
Accessing Your Personal Data
To receive a copy of your personal data stored on the product, you can do so in your profile settings.
Amending Your Personal Data
To amend your personal data, such as your username, you can do so in your profile settings.
Recruitment Applicants
What personal information do we collect from recruitment applicants?
We collect the personal data you provide to us on your application, CV and in your job interview(s). This may include information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, family data, training and professional data and notes on your behavior or characteristics.
When do we collect your information?
We collect your personal data when you apply to any of our open positions or have a job interview. We may also collect your personal data through specific or specialized job recruitment sites.
How do we use your information?
We use your information in the recruitment process:

To determine your suitability for the role
To contact you in relation to other potential opportunities
To contact you and follow up on your application

By providing us with your contact details you consent to receiving such communication. Your response to our vacancy is considered the active act whereby you give your informed, free, specific and unambiguous consent to the processing of your data. You can always withdraw this permission.
How do we protect your information?
We have taken both technical and organizational measures to protect the databases where your personal data is stored, against factors like unauthorized access, unauthorized use, theft or loss. Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. All sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, which is the standard security technology for creating an encrypted link between a web server and a browser.
How long do we keep your information?
We will keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the above purposes (e.g. for as long as we have, or need to keep a record of, the recruitment process of an individual). We will not store your data for any future use without your permission (e.g. for future opportunities) and will not provide your data to any third parties without your consent.
Website Visitors
What personal information do we collect from the people who visit our blog, website or app?
We collect personal data to improve the quality of our website and the services we provide. When viewing our site, we collect information about your connection to it. This includes data such as the time of your visit, your IP address, the browser or device used and the pages you visit.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience. In these cases, you are in control of the personal data you share with us. We will only use it for responding to your inquiry.
When do we collect your information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, use Live Chat, enter information on our site or provide us with feedback on our products or services.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).

How do we protect your information?
Security is a high priority on our website. We regularly evaluate and adapt our security mechanisms to continuously protect your personal data and improve where possible.
We implemented a variety of security measures for when you enter, submit, or access your information to maintain the safety of your personal data. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
We have also taken both technical and organizational measures to protect the databases where your personal data is stored, against factors like unauthorized access, unauthorized use, theft or loss. Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. All sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology, which is the standard security technology for creating an encrypted link between a web server and a browser.
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards, which apply to companies accepting credit card payments. We only provide articles and information on our website, never ask for credit card numbers and use regular Malware Scanning.
How long do we keep your information?
We will keep the personal data collected on our website for as long as it is necessary (for example, for as long as we have a relationship with an individual).
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregated data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
For more information on how we use cookies, click on the privacy preferences in the site’s footer, where you can also change your cookie preferences.
We use cookies to:

Understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions so we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.

Turn off cookies:
You can change your cookie preferences for one or more cookie(s) by clicking on the relevant opt-out link(s) in the privacy preferences below.
In your web browser settings, you can also choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s ‘Help Menu’ to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
When you disable cookies in your browser:
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal data to outside parties without advanced notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about the other sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DoubleClick DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:

Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration

We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the Dart cookie) or other third-party identifiers on our website. We use these cookies to compile data regarding your interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out of Google AdSense:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Personal Data from Children
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 16 years old. When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 16, the GDPR puts parents in control. The GDPR spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
“Do Not Track” is a preference you can set in your web browser to let websites know that you do not want them collecting your personal data.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking to monitor, analyze and report on your usage of our website. Third parties providing us with such services may collect anonymous data about your behavior our website. We use such data to improve your user experience.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a United States law that sets rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. We use both CAN SPAM and GDPR to govern how we use communication channels.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:

Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.

GDPR Rights
Under GDPR, you have rights relating to the personal data we hold about you. This includes rights such as the right to access, amend or delete the personal data we have about you.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails:
You can unsubscribe from communication by emailing us at privacy@tenforce.com or follow the instructions at the bottom of the email.
Accessing Your Personal Data
You can access your personal data by emailing us at privacy@tenforce.com. We will respond to your request and promptly send you a copy.
Amending Your Personal Data
To update personal data submitted to us, you may email us at privacy@tenforce.com.
Once we are informed of any changes, we will make the relevant corrections.
Other Rights
You may also have the right to erasure/deletion, to restrict or object to our processing of personal data and the right to data portability.
To exercise any of these rights, email us at privacy@tenforce.com. We will promptly respond to your request.
Data Breaches
Should a data breach occur which poses a high risk to you, we will notify you as soon as possible.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy may be adapted in the future and we recommend that you consult it regularly to learn about any changes. A date stamp of the most recent version is provided below.
Terms & Conditions
To view TenForce’s Terms & Conditions, please click here.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
TenForce
Havenkant 38
3000 Leuven
Belgium
privacy@tenforce.com
www.tenforce.com
Last Edited on 2018-01-04
