

The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“the Government”) is concerned to ensure that all personal data submitted through GovHK are handled in strict adherence to the relevant provisions of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinancehttps://www.pcpd.org.hk/english/data_privacy_law/ordinance_at_a_Glance/ordinance.html (PD(P)O).


Collection of Information
This Government will record the visits to GovHK by using cookies and page tagging without collecting any personal identifiable information of users.

Cookies

A cookie is a small amount of data created in a computer when a person visits a website on the computer. It often includes an anonymous unique identifier. A cookie can be used to identify a computer. It, however, is not used to collect any personal information. In other words, it does not have the function of identifying an individual user of the website.
Cookies are used by the Government to collect statistics about the number of visits of users to GovHK and the users’ preference of websites and online services offered on GovHK.
You may choose to accept or reject cookies. If you reject the cookies, you will not be able to use some of the functions of GovHK, such as saving your preferences in using the GovHK and accessing some online services on GovHK.

Page tagging

Javascript and pixel tags are used to collect statistics on customer usage patterns of GovHK and Government online services offered on GovHK; and for tracking the performance of our online advertisements. A pixel tag is a transparent image placed on certain webpages to collect data on user activities. The collected data are aggregated and analysed for measuring the effectiveness, improving the usability of GovHK and the services / online advertisements provided on GovHK. No personal or identifiable information about a visitor would be collected.
You may disable JavaScript on your computer. Disabling JavaScript should not affect your access to GovHK, but you will not be able to use some of the GovHK functions, such as changing text size and accessing Government online services offered through GovHK.


Provision of Personal Data
For different purposes and at different times you may be invited to provide personal data to the Government through GovHK on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, telephone number, mailing address or e-mail address. The Government will specify the collection purpose and intended usage of your data when it invites you to provide such information and advise you how you may request access to or correction of the personal data provided.
Unless permitted or required by law, the Government will not disclose your personal data to any third parties without your prior consent.
GovHK uses SSL protocol to encrypt data during network transmission to protect your personal data. All personal data you provide to the Government via GovHK are secured, and access to them is restricted to authorised personnel only.


Search Service
Search service on GovHK is provided by an independent contractor of the Government. We are advised by the independent contractor that it does not collect personal identifiable information while serving search results through GovHK. The independent contractor will share the anonymous data it collects through the search service with the Government for compiling traffic analysis on government websites. The Government will not match the data obtained from any such search activity with any personal data possibly held by the Government.
This Privacy Policy has been translated into Chinese. If there is any inconsistency or ambiguity between the English version and the Chinese version, the English version shall prevail.


Back to top

Last revision date: December 2014

