
Privacy policy
Website Usage Tracking - Log FilesLike many other Web sites, soringpcrepair.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.Cookies and Web Beaconssoringpcrepair.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on soringpcrepair.com.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to soringpcrepair.com and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.htmlSome of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on soringpcrepair.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, jаvascript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.soringpcrepair.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. soringpcrepair.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.Blog Comment PolicyComments are welcomed and encouraged on this site. Comments are free. There are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:Comments deemed to be spam or questionable spam will be deleted. Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topic.Comments including profanity will be deleted.Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted.Comments that attack a person individually will be deleted.The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to this blog without notice. This comment policy is subject to change at anytime.GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)soringpcrepair.com  takes your personal data seriously and is taking all of the necessary actions to be compliant with GDPR. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a legal framework that sets guidelines for the collection and processing of personal information of individuals within the European Union (EU), which comes into effect on May 25, 2018.We use Google Adsense to display ads. All these services are GDPR compliant. Check out here for Adsense.Your consentBy using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by soringpcrepair.com  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
