Collection and Use of InformationYou may access and use many of our Services without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, some Services may require you to provide us with personal information (referred to for convenience as "Submission Pages").
These Submission Pages collect information that you give us, for example, when you create an account with us; register for one of our events, such as CES or Innovate Celebrate (and these events will each have specific and additional terms and conditions that each attendee will be required to accept as part of the registration process); download one of our publications; purchase a product; complete a form on the website; or subscribe to our publications and newsletters like i3 or Tech5. The information collected includes (but is not limited to) your name, job title, employer name, address, email address, phone number, credit card or account information, photos, and information about your interests in and use of various products. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any personal data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain Services and for us to respond to you.
We also collect information about you when you use our Service, for example, when you visit our websites, or view and interact with our ads and content. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system, other information that is provided by the end user device and information about the use of the CTA’s services, including a history of the pages you view. We also use cookies and similar technologies, and you may view our Cookie Policy.

Additionally, we may use third-party service providers to include social media features and widgets, analytic tools, or targeted advertising in our Services. These service providers operate independently and may collect your IP address and use cookies. Interactions with these features are governed by the service providers’ own privacy policies. More information on this is outlined in our Cookie Policy.

From time to time, CTA receives personal information about individuals from authorized third parties and sources other than through a CTA Service, such as our partners. This may happen, for example, if:
 


Your employer is a member of CTA and signs you up for an event.


Your employer is an exhibitor at a CTA event and signs you up for the event.


You choose to participate in a CES Delegation and provide authorization to your delegate coordinator to sign you up for the event.


You participate in an event which is co-sponsored or co-hosted by CTA.


Instead of registering directly on our website, you choose to register with LinkedIn, which authorizes LinkedIn to share information that includes (but is not limited to) your name, your profile picture, your company name, your email address, and your LinkedIn ID number.

	If you give us information about another person, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on their behalf and agreed that you may consent to the processing of their personal data. 
We use the information we collect in a variety of ways in providing the Services and operating our business. We process your personal information for account administration, to deliver the products and services you require, and to inform you of CTA-related events, meetings, content, initiatives and other benefits or opportunities associated with CTA and the industry. We may also use this information to help understand your needs and interests to better tailor our products and services to meet your needs. We will use your information to respond to your questions. If we get personal information from a source outside of CTA Services, we will treat the personal information in accordance with this Policy.


