Many services of the Bikemap GmbH (“Bikemap") can be used without providing any personal data. Personal information is only provided on a voluntary basis (e.g. email address). This personal data will not be shared with any third parties.Please note that every transfer of data via the internet might provide security issues. A full protection of data can therefore not be guaranteed.The transmission of not actively requested advertisement and information material to any contact data published on Bikemap by any third parties is prohibited. Bikemap has the right to take legal action in case of unrequested transmission of advertisements, such as SPAM-Mails. CookiesCookies are small text files, which are saved on the user’s device when visiting a website. These text files support Bikemap in analyzing user surfing behavior in order to improve Bikemap’s services. The storage of cookies can be deactivated in the settings of the user’s browser, which can restrict the usage of Bikemap’s services. Privacy policy for the usage of Facebook-pluginsCertain plugins of the social network Facebook (Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025, USA) are integrated in the platforms of Bikemap. A registration can for example be conducted via an existing Facebook account. An overview of all Facebook plugins can be found here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.When using Bikemap’s services a direct connection between the user’s browser and the Facebook-server will be established. Facebook receives information about the IP addresses, which are accessing the platforms of Bikemap. By clicking on Facebook’s “Like Button” while the user is logged in a Facebook account the content of Bikemap’s services can be linked to a Facebook profile. Thereby Facebook can allocate the usage of services to a user profile. Bikemap does not receive any information about the content of the transferred data as well as its usage by Facebook. Further information can be found in the privacy policy of Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.phpThe user can prevent Facebook from drawing a connection between the the usage of Bikemap’s services and the respective Facebook user profile by signing out of the user’s personal Facebook account. Privacy policy for the usage of Google AnalyticsBikemap uses Google Analytics, a web analysis tool of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are stored on the user’s device and enable an analysis of surfing behavior on Bikemap’s websites. The information about the usage of Bikemap’s services generated by cookies will normally be transferred to and saved on a server of Google in the USA. In order to enable and guarantee an anonymous tracking of IP addresses (so-called IP-Masking) the code „anonymizeIp“ was added to Google Analytics. Through the activation of IP-anonymization concerning the services of Bikemap IP addresses will be shortened by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the agreement in the European Economic Area.On behalf of Bikemap Google will use this information in order to analyze the common usage of Bikemap’s services, to create reports about online activities and other services related to the usage of Bikemap’s services and the usage of internet connection for Bikemap. The IP address submitted by the user’s browser via Google Analytics will not be linked to other data of Google.The storage of cookies can be deactivated in the settings of the user’s browser software, which might lead to restrictions in the usage of Bikemap though. Further can the tracking of data through cookies (including IP address) as well as the processing of data by Google be prevented. Via the following link you can download and install the available Browser-Plugin: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.In addition the tracking of Google Analytics can be deactivated by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set, which will prevent the future tracking of any data when visiting the websites of Bikemap.Deactivate Google AnalyticsYou can find further information about Terms of Service and Privacy Policy here: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html bzw. unter https://www.google.de/intl/us/policies/. Privacy policy for the usage of Google AdSenseBikemap uses Google AdSense, a service for integrating advertisements of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google AdSense uses cookies, which are stored on the user’s device and enable an analysis of the website’s usage. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). Through these web beacons information such as the traffic on Bikemap’s websites can be analyzed.The information about the usage of websites and other services of Bikemap created through cookies and web beacons (including the user’s IP address ) and distribution of advertisements will be transferred to and saved on a server in the USA. Google can forward the respective information to any contracting partner of Google. Google will not link the IP address with any other stored data of the individual user. The installation of cookies can be deactivated in the settings of the user’s browser software, which might lead to restrictions in the usage of Bikemap though. Through the use of Bikemap’s services the user agrees to the processing of the collected data by Google in the previously described method and purpose. Privacy policy for the usage of TwitterBikemap uses certain services of Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. (“Twitter”). By using Twitter and the function “Re-Tweet” the user’s visited websites are connected with the user’s Twitter account and are made public to other users. Through this process data is transferred to Twitter.Bikemap does not receive any information about the content of the transferred data as well as the usage of the data by Twitter. Further information can be found in the Twitter's privacy policy via the following link: http://twitter.com/privacyPrivacy settings can be edited in the account settings of Twitter: http://twitter.com/account/settings Information, deletion and blockageThe user has the right to receive free information about the stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing as well as a right of correction, blockage and deletion of the respective data. In case of questions concerning data privacy every user can get in contact with Bikemap. Change of data privacy policyThese data privacy policy will be updated occasionally. The user is responsible to inform himself or herself about possible changes. Sources:Last update:
February 2016