
Privacy Policy for Website Users and End Customers

This website is operated by JK Holdings Limited, having registered address at 76a, Gorg Borg Olivier Street,
St. Julian’s with directors being Kevin Buttigieg, Jeffrey Douglas Buttigieg and Joseph Buttigieg (hereinafter
“RE/MAX” or “we”). This privacy policy describes how we collect and process your personal data acting as
the data controller in connection with this website or with other services we are providing to you as an end
customer. 
1.     Your Personal Data
1.1     What Personal Data We Collect
During your visit of this website, we will automatically collect the following personal data about you:

information about the pages that you visit on this website;
the date and time of your visit, 
your IP address, 
your web browser, 
the website (URL) that you visited before accessing this website and 
certain cookies (see Section 2.1 below). 

Moreover we will collect any information that you submit to us when using the website.
If you are looking to sell, buy or rent a property,we may obtain personal data from this website or from other members of the RE/MAX franchise network. The personal data we process in this context is:

your name and surname;
your address;
your telephone number;
your email address;
listings and associated listing information and
data concerning individual real estate transactions.

This information will only be obtained if you provide this information yourself to our franchise network or if you input this data in our website.
You may also provide us information when applying for a position with us. In such a case the personal information that we process is:

Your name and surname;
Your CV and any personal data contained therein;
Your telephone number and mobile phone number;
Your email;
Personal References.

In cases where we ask you to provide any personal data, there is no obligation to do so, but if you do not, you will not be able to use all functions of our website, apply with us or to make use of our real estate services in general.
1.2     Specific Categories of Personal Data
Certain personal data is more sensitive and is classified as special categories of personal data, which relates to the following:

Racial or ethnic origin;
Political opinions;
Religious or philosophical beliefs;
Trade union membership;
Genetic data;
Biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; 
Data concerning health;
Data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation

RE/MAX will never process such personal data without obtaining your prior written consent. 
2.     Cookies, Google Analytics, Facebook and AddThis plugins
2.1     Cookies
This website uses so-called cookies. A cookie is a small file that may be installed on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are generally used to provide site visitors with additional functionality within the site. They may for example be created to keep track of your visit and support your navigation on the website, help you resume where you left off and/or remember your preferences and settings when you visit the website again. Cookies cannot access, read or modify any other data on your computer.
Most of the cookies used on this website are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted once you leave the website. On the other hand, persistent cookies remain on your computer until you delete them in your browser. We use persistent cookies to recognize you when you visit this website the next time.
If you want to control the cookies installed on your computer, you can modify your browser settings so that it notifies you when a website wants to install a cookie or you can block cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been installed on your computer. Refer to the 'Help' function within your browser for more information on how to perform these steps. 
Please note, however, that disabling cookies might affect your online experience and/or prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
2.2     Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how you use this website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If this website anonymizes IP addresses, your IP address will be truncated by Google within a EU member state or other EEA state before being transmitted to the US. Only in exceptional situations will your full IP address be transmitted to Google servers in the United States and truncated there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can prevent Google from collecting information (including your IP address) via cookies and processing this information by downloading this browser plugin and installing it:  http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at the Google Analytics Terms of Service  or at the Google Analytics Privacy Overview. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics is supplemented by "gat.anonymizeIp();" to ensure anonymized collection of IP addresses (IP masking).
2.3     Facebook plugins (Like-button)
Our pages integrate plugins of the social network Facebook operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins are characterized by the Facebook logo or the “Like-Button” (“Like”) on our website. You can find an overview of Facebook-plugins here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you visit our pages, the plugin establishes a connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook thereby obtains the information that you have visited our website using your IP address. If you click on the Facebook “Like” button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our pages on your Facebook profile. Thereby Facebook can correlate your visit of our site with your user account. We point out that we as the provider of this website have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or how Facebook uses it. For more information, please refer to the privacy statement of Facebook under http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php .
If you do not wish that Facebook can associate your visit to our website with your Facebook-account, please log out from your Facebook account before visiting our website.
2.4     AddThis plugin
Our website also uses a social bookmarking plugin called “AddThis” which is provided by the Oracle Corporation, 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 (“Oracle”). Through AddThis, Oracle also provides web analytics services to us. AddThis uses cookies to implement the described functionality. Oracle collects data such as your IP address or your behavior on our website to evaluate your use of our website and compile anonymized reports on website activity. This information will be used by Oracle for the purpose of serving you with targeted advertising. Oracle may transfer the collected information to their servers or third parties outside of the EU/EEA.
Further details on the categories of collected data and the its processing are available at
http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy  . 
You may object to the collection of data by Oracle by following the instructions at
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ .
3.     Purposes for which we use your data
We will use your personal data to provide this website to you as a user of this website, to generate usage statistics, to improve and further develop this website, to provide real estate services to you, to respond to your requests and messages, to send you our newsletter if you have subscribed to it, to contact you about properties that may interest you, and to analyze your data in aggregate form for business intelligence purposes.
If you have applied for a position with us, we will process your data to determine your suitability for a position with RE/MAX.
4.     Legal basis for the processing
The legal basis for the processing of your data will be our prevailing legitimate interest (pursuant to Article 6(1)(f) EU General Data Protection Regulation, “GDPR”).
If we process certain personal data about you that we receive from our website or from another member of the franchise network, in particular our franchisees, the legal basis for the processing will be your consent pursuant to Article 6(1)(a) GDPR that you will be asked for in a separate process. Where you will be asked for your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. However, doing so would not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your data based on the consent before its withdrawal.By withdrawing your consent, we may also be unable to provide you with our services. 
5.     Disclosures and data transfers
5.1     Independent Third Parties
As far as this is necessary for the purposes set out above, we will transfer your personal data to the following recipients:

Our franchisor PMSCS REAL ESTATE FRANCHISING, INC., Alpenstrasse 15, Postfach 7863, CH-6302, Zug, Switzerland (“RE/MAX Europe”) as well as RE/MAX Europe’s other franchisees and their respective franchisees;
GryphTech Inc., 2595 Skymark Avenue, Suite 206, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada and
other IT service providers that we use.

Some of the recipients referred to above are located in or process personal data outside of your country. The level of data protection in another country may not be equivalent to that in your country. However, we only transfer your personal data to countries where the EU Commission has decided that they have an adequate level of data protection or we take measures to ensure that all recipients provide an adequate level of data protection. We do this for example by entering into appropriate data transfer agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses (2010/87/EC and/or 2004/915/EC). Such agreements are accessible upon request from [email protected] 
5.2     Regulatory Authorities
In terms of current laws, we may be required to transfer your personal data to certain regulatory or government authorities when subject to a proper and lawful request in terms of the law. We may be obliged to provide such data and we may also be prevented from informing you that such data has been provided. 
6.     Retention periods
We will retain your data that we collect automatically when you visit this website for no longer than six months. 
If you have subscribed to our newsletter, we will retain you email address until you unsubscribe from our newsletter. If you have registered on our website, we will retain your data for as long as your account exists and thereafter only for as long as there are any legal obligations to retain your data.
Moreover, we will retain your personal data that we receive from other members of the franchise network at least until the end of your business relationship with any of those members of the franchise network unless there are statutory retention obligations or potential claims are not yet time-barred.
If you have applied for a position with RE/MAX, we will delete all your personal data if we do not engage you with RE/MAX.
7.     Your rights and remedies
Under applicable data protection law, you have these rights 

to check whether and what kind of personal data we hold about you and to access or to request copies of such data, 
to request correction, supplementation or deletion of personal data about you that is inaccurate or processed in non-compliance with applicable requirements, 
to request that we restrict the collection, processing or use of personal data about you, 
in certain circumstances, to object for legitimate reasons to the processing of your personal data, 
to the extent that your data is processed on the basis of your consent, to request data portability, 
to know the identities of third parties to which your personal data are transferred and 
to provide instructions on how your data must be handled after your death when relevant. 

When you are making such requests please note the below:

That following your request, we shall have up to 30 days to reply, except in extreme situations as allowed under law. In such a case, we shall provide you with information why your requests was not finalised within such a 30 day period. 
That we have the right to charge a reasonable fee or refuse your request, if such requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive. 
That when you are making a request, we may request documentation or information to confirm your identity. 

In case of any complaints, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
8.     Hyperlinks
Our website contains hyperlinks to third party websites which are not the property of RE/MAX and are not in any way affiliated with RE/MAX. These websites are managed by third parties who have their own data protection policies and procedures in place and RE/MAX shall not be responsible for the way the owners of these websites process your personal data. 
9.     Contacting us
You can contact us at:
JK Holdings Limited 
76a, Gorg Borg Olivier Street, St. Julian’s 
[email protected] 
+356 22471300

