Terms of Use:
This website is subordinate to the administration of (ARAB NEWS) one of the publications of the publisher SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (and shall be referred to hereinafter as “(ARAB NEWS) website” or simply “the website”). This site is available for your personal use and your entry and usage of the website is subject to these terms and conditions of usage and the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Also, your access and entry to the website shall be considered an unconditional approval to these usage terms, whether or not you are a registered user. This approval shall be effective from the date of your first usage of the website.
Any adjustment to these terms and conditions shall be effective as soon as it is announced, unless otherwise indicated. Your continued use of the website after the announcement of any adjustment shall mean your unequivocal acceptance of said adjustment.
The terms and conditions of usage include a section specific to the privacy policy and intellectual property rights.
 
Usage Restrictions:
By using (ARAB NEWS) website, you agree to abstain from the following:

Providing, uploading or copying content, material, data, photos or other information not owned by yourself or for which you do not own a license.

Using this website in any manner in order to send a commercial e-mail or other type of spam mail, or abusing (ARAB NEWS) website in any similar fashion.

Providing or uploading files onto this website that contain viruses or damaged data.

Publishing, advertising, or distributing any material or information that damage reputation or violate laws, or any pornographic or indecent material, or material that is contrary to public morals, or any illegal data or information through (ARAB NEWS) website.

Participating through (ARAB NEWS) website in illegitimate or illegal activities.

Advertising –on (ARAB NEWS) website – about any product or services that makes us in violation of any law or regulation implemented in any field.

Using any method, program, or procedure to obstruct or attempt to obstruct the proper functioning of (ARAB NEWS) website.

Undertaking any procedure that imposes an unreasonable or large burden inappropriately on the website’s infrastructure.

Adherence to the rules, laws, and implementing regulations in effect within and outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
 
 
Using links to (ARAB NEWS) website
You need to submit a specific application, and obtain the approval of SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY administration the publisher of (ARAB NEWS), prior to the creation of electronic links to this website or the presentation of any of its contents, or taking part in any similar activities.
SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY administration reserves the right to impose any conditions upon permission of establishing any electronic link to this website and any contents thereof, or presenting this website or any of its contents.
 
SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY administration reserves its right to suspend and obstruct in any fashion whatsoever any connection with any website that contains inappropriate content, or material that is explicit, offensive, indecent, pornographic, unacceptable or illegal, and any names, material or information that violates any law, intellectual property rights, privacy rights or the rights of publicizing.
 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY administration reserves the right to hinder any undeclared connection in any manner whatsoever, and shall not bear any responsibility for the content of any other website through which this website can be accessed, or that can be accessed by this website as well.
With the exception of the aforementioned, it is strictly prohibited to transfer copy or create electronic links with (ARAB NEWS) website or any of the contents thereof.
 
Links from (ARAB NEWS) website
Links shall be provided to portals and /or other websites for ease of access for you. We are not responsible for the contents or credibility of the portals and/or the websites we link to, and do not certify their contents. Usage of links to access those websites or portals shall be take place under your responsibility entirely.
We aim to replace disconnected electronic links –that do not work- with other websites, yet we cannot guarantee that these links will work continuously.
 
Protection from viruses
(ARAB NEWS) administration undertakes extensive efforts to examine and test the contents of this website through all phases of production. We advise you to continuously operate anti-virus software on all material downloaded from the internet. We shall not be considered responsible for any loss or damage to your data or computer, which may take place while connecting with this site or using material from this site.
 
Waiver of demands
(ARAB NEWS) website and the services, information, material and functions available therein, or those that can be accessed through the website, are provided to you for your personal usage “as is” without any endorsements, promises or guarantees of any kind, with the exception of governmental entities with which we are connected to based on previous usage reports.
We cannot bear responsibility for any discontinuations, mistakes, or transgressions that may result from the use of this website or the contents therein or any site linked thereto, whether this usage takes place with or without our knowledge.
The user who sends any information or communications via this site shall not have the right to own these or the right to ensure the confidentiality thereof. Further, any usage or interactive usage included on this site shall not guarantee and shall not be meant to guarantee the user any rights, licenses, or privileges of any kind.
 
Limits of responsibility
Electronic services presented by websites to (ARAB NEWS) administration through the internet, and the obtainment of information about various governmental departments and entities, are provided only to facilitate manual procedures. Therefore, you fully acknowledge that communications through the internet may be subject to interference or obstruction by a third party, and that the website does not replace information provided by official parties, and that requests and administrative procedures can be taken directly before the competent authorities.
Therefore, resorting to this website is your own responsibility, and in no case whatsoever shall we be responsible for any loss or damage of any kind you may incur as a result of your usage or visit of the website, or as a result of your reliance on any data, opinion or advertisement on the website, or due to a delay in operation, miscommunication, problems getting onto the internet, equipment or software malfunction, or behaviors or ideas of any person entering into this website.
Accordingly, you hereby agree that your exclusive and only means to address any damage or loss that may take place as a result of entering or using this website is abstaining from using or entering this site or discontinuing these actions of usage and entry.  
 
Indemnification
Based on the above, you consent not to take any measure against (ARAB NEWS)administration or SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY  or any part of this administration and indemnify it from responsibility, in addition to any entities, employees or agents in charge of management, maintenance, modernization or presentation of (ARAB NEWS)website, and this indemnification shall be from all obligations and responsibilities that may take place in relation to any demand resulting from any infringement on your behalf of the terms and conditions of usage, or any of the laws in effect whether in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or your place of residence.
 
End of usage
We shall be permitted, and based on our sole discretion, to terminate, restrict or suspend your right in entering the website and using it without notice and for any reason, including the infraction of the terms and conditions of usage or any other conduct that we may deem at our discretion to be illegal or harmful to others. In the case of termination, you shall not be authorized to enter this website.   
 
Ownership rights
The copyright in this website and the material on this website (including without limitation the text, computer code, artwork, photographs, images, music, audio material, video material and audio-visual material on this website) is owned by SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
This website is technically supervised by the information center, which is affiliated with the SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The information available on this site including the figures on information, software, photographs, designs and trademarks (the contents) are protected in accordance with rights of publication and trademarks and other ownership rights.
With the exception of what may indicate otherwise, you shall not be permitted to sell, license, rent, adjust, copy, reproduce, reprint, upload, advertise, transfer, distribute, edit, or create works derived from any material or content of this website to the public or for commercial purposes, without obtaining prior written approval from SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY administration in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
It is strictly prohibited to adjust any of the website’s contents. Also, the figures and photos on this site are protected in accordance with rights of publication. These shall not be reproduced or exploited in any manner whatsoever, without the prior written consent of the (ARAB NEWS) administration in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
 
Judicial reference
Based on the above, you agree to submit exclusively to the judicial authorities in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, in relation to all demands and disputes that result from your usage of this website.
 
If (ARAB NEWS) or SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY discovers that you have used its copyright materials in contravention of the license above, SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY may bring legal proceedings against you seeking monetary damages and an injunction to stop you using those materials.  You could also be ordered to pay legal costs.
 
Notwithstanding what stated in this term SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY have the right to take the legal action, prosecution and claim, etc. against any infringement or breach in the place of infringer residence.
 
Privacy policy:
If you use one of the applications available on (ARAB NEWS) website or e-mailed us and provided us with personal data, then this data may be shared with governmental entities or other departments, in order to serve you better. Such information may also be shared with non-governmental entities authorized to perform certain services. Providing your personal information via the website of (ARAB NEWS) administration shall be considered prior approval on your behalf to store, process and use such information. (ARAB NEWS) administration reserves the right to disclose any information to the competent authority and at any time if it deems so necessary.
The (ARAB NEWS) administration holds you individually responsible for the accuracy of the information you send via this website.
(ARAB NEWS) administration works diligently to preserve your personal data, , through the ensuring of electronic storage of personal data sent using appropriate security technologies.
(ARAB NEWS) website contains electronic links for websites or portals that that use methods to protect information and the privacy of such information which are different from the methods we use. We shall bear no responsibility for the contents of other sites and the ways they deal with their privacy issues, and advise you to refer back to the privacy notices specific to such websites.
(ARAB NEWS) administration shall not bear the responsibility of any incorrect data, despite the fact that entered data shall be considered correct. 
