
							We act according to the principle of data parsimony and data avoidance, i.e. we collect and use only the most necessary data for processing your order or product registration and for the communication with you. 

You can visit our web site without leaving personal data: When surfing without logging in we do not collect any personal data but merely place a cookie. By default information such as your IP address, time and duration of your visit, operating system, browser and visited sites are captured. 

If you register as a customer we collect your data via the registration form you fill in, among others your name, your address including e-mail, the details of your desired method of payment, your credit card number if this applies, and the details on your regarding order. Different cookies will be created in this case as well (refer to chapter 5 for details on the cookies). 

We store your order data within the ordering history and send the order data to you via e-mail. The terms and conditions can be found here. 

When registering a product via the Service Center or the web site, data about the registered product, your hardware and the used serial number is stored. On initial registration your e-mail address and your postal address and your preferred language are stored as well. 

Furthermore, the data you voluntarily enter on initial registration in the Service Center’s online profile is stored. 

We also sporadically send out surveys on specific questions regarding NATIVE INSTRUMENTS and its products. If you take part in these campaigns, your e-mail address and your answers will be stored. 

Finally, we need information on your person, at least your e-mail address in the following cases:
 if you register for the delivery of a newsletter or comparable promotional material. See chapter 10. for this. if you use our support services. In this case the data you enter into the form about your hardware and software is stored and used for follow-up, i.e. if use support a further time. if you participate in one of our competitions or other marketing campaigns. if you get in touch with us for other reasons.

