
		
				6. Disclosure of personal data
			
		

							The careful handling of your personal information is important to us. It is by no ways our business to sell this information. We hand over information that we receive to third parties solely for the purposes described in the following: 

1.  In some cases NATIVE INSTRUMENTS is required by law to disclose information to third parties. In particular when a crime or abuse is suspected, NATIVE INSTRUMENTS is obliged to disclose information to law enforcement authorities. This includes exchanging information with companies that inquire credit card abuse. No personal data is passed if companies want to use them commercially. 

2.  We assign other service providers, partner companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include payment processing (credit card, direct debit), analysis of our databases, handling newsletters and other promotional activities as well as analysis and documentation of our site visits. 

These service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their tasks. However, the may not use them for any other purposes. They are also obliged to treat the information in accordance with this privacy policy and the German data protection laws. For this reason, we try to assign service providers who are bound to the German data protection regulations, or at least to the European data protection rules. 

As part of a credit card and credit assessment your name and your address are passed to such a company, whereas your rights are respected in strict accordance with statutory provisions.

3.  As we continuously develop our business, it may occur that we sell or buy individual subsidiaries, business units or parts of them. In such transactions, customer information is usually transferred together with the transferred part of the company. Your data are further subject to the previously existing privacy statement. The only exception is the case that you explicitly agree to other provisions. In the unlikely event that all or substantial parts of NATIVE INSTRUMENTS are sold, personal information will be passed on to the buyer. 

4.  In all other cases, we will inform you when personal information should be disclosed to third parties, and give you the opportunity to give your consent.
						
