Privacy and cookies 
This policy sets out how IOP uses and protects any information collected or given by you when you access and use any website owned, operated or controlled by IOP.
References to “IOP” mean the Institute of Physics and/or IOP Publishing as appropriate. References to “this Website” are to the specific IOP website which links to this Policy.IOP respects the privacy rights of its users and recognises the importance of protecting the information provided by its users and collected about their visits to this Website. IOP has adopted this Policy that guides how it collects, stores and uses the information provided and collected.Please read this Policy carefully as, once you use this Website, you will be deemed to have read and accepted it.This Policy was last updated on and is effective from 25 April 2018.IOP may change this Policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes made. If you use this Website after any such change has been made, you will be deemed to have read and accepted the change.Information collection, security and useIOP collects information from its users at several different points on this Website. This information is used for customer service purposes and IOP also collects usage data so that it can customise this Website according to individual selections (see “Cookies” below).Save where otherwise stated, IOP is the controller of the personal data collected from this Website. In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, IOP follows strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of personal data which users provide to it, to prevent unauthorised access. Save where it has a user’s express consent, it will not sell or rent this information to others, except that it may make the information available to other companies within its group.RegistrationIn order to receive and/or access some services, users have to complete a registration form. During registration, a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). This information may be used to contact the user about the services for which they have expressed interest and also about other goods, services and features IOP believes that the user will find interesting.It is optional for the user to provide demographic information and unique identifiers, but it is encouraged so that IOP can provide a more personalised experience. If a user chooses not to provide such information then they will not be able to access parts of this Website and/or will not be able to use all the services offered by this Website.Marketing by Post: Occasionally we will send you marketing information by post where (we have decided that) it is mutually beneficial to you and our organisation. Such information will be non-intrusive and is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests that reflect your involvement and interest in the organisation.Marketing by Email: Where you have consented to us sending you email updates about our work, invitations to events and webinars, information about volunteering opportunities or other ways you can get involved in the work we do or competitions and surveys we may run from time to time, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time. If you have provided us with information about your interest areas or location or, if you have purchased or used our products and/or services, we may use this information to tailor the content of our emails to you. We will not send you marketing emails if you have opted out of receiving them. Any marketing emails we send you will include an unsubscribe link at the end of the email.If you would like to stop receiving marketing emails from us, you can let us know by:Clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any promotional emails you receive from us;Emailing us at marketing@iop.org (please ensure you tell us if you would like to opt out from all email marketing communications or just a particular update); orPhoning us on 020 7470 4800 (Mon–Fri 9am–5pm BST/GMT).Our emails may contain a “web beacon pixel” to tell us whether they have been opened and to verify any clicks through to links or articles within the email. We may use this information for purposes such as determining how to improve our communications to users, which of our emails are more interesting to users and to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them. The pixel will be deleted when you delete the email. If you do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to your device, you can read the email in plain text view or with images disabled.Cookies: What are Cookies?This Website may place small text files, called cookies, on your computer to distinguish you from other users of this Website. These cookies monitor how you use this Website so that IOP can make improvements, and are also used to give you the best user experience (for example by remembering your login details so that you do not have to enter them each time). Some cookies may also be placed by third parties, for example Facebook and Google if you use their services via this Website, to monitor how you use their services and also to target relevant advertising to you when you visit other websites on which they advertise.In most cases, cookies do not contain personally identifiable data.What cookies may be placed?This Website may use the following types of cookies:Strictly necessary cookies (Type 1): these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around this Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of this Website. Without these cookies, certain services you have asked for cannot be provided.Analytical/performance cookies (Type 2): these cookies allow IOP to recognise and count the number of visits to this Website and to see how visitors move around this Website when they are using it, so that we can improve how this Website works. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information.Functionality cookies (Type 3): these cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience; for example, your user name, language or region.Targeting cookies (Type 4): these cookies are placed by third parties to collect information about your browsing habits when you elect to use their services, in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests.You can find out more information about the individual cookies actually used on this Website by viewing the IOP Cookie Directory, which is updated regularly.IOP is not responsible for the use of cookies by third parties, and users are encouraged to read the privacy statements of those third party service providers before using their services. Links to third party privacy statements can be found in the IOP Cookie Directory.How do I opt-out of cookies?Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. You should note that deleting certain cookies may prevent you from accessing certain parts of this Website and/or may affect your user experience.To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, and not just this Website, visit: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutLinksThis Website may contain links to third party websites and services. Please be aware that IOP is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. It encourages its users to read the privacy statements of these third party websites and services. This Policy applies solely to information collected by this Website.Surveys and contestsFrom time-to-time this Website may request information from users via surveys or contests. Participation is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested.Information requested may include contact information (such as name and delivery address) and demographic information. Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for the purposes of monitoring or improving the functionality of this Website.Correcting/updating personal dataIf a user’s personal data changes (such as their postcode), or if a user no longer desires IOP’s service, IOP will correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to it if they are notified by the user. This can usually be done by the user within any personalisation options of this Website (where applicable) or by sending an email to custserv@iop.org.Notification of changesIf IOP decides to change this Policy, it will make the updated version available via this Website so its users are always aware of what information it collects, how it uses it and under what circumstances, if any, it discloses it. If, at any point, it decides to use personal data in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, it will notify users. Users will have a choice as to whether or not IOP uses their information in this different manner. IOP will use information in accordance with this Policy. 