
Do you share my data?

Yes, though when and how we share it depends on whether it is personal data or non-personal data. AVG may share non-personal data with third parties and may publicly display aggregate or anonymous information.

We do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties.

We may share certain personal and non-personal data with:

Any of our affiliated companies;

AVG is part of the Avast Group.
The Avast Group acts globally, comprising many companies in many offices around the world. In order to do business around the globe, we may share your personal data across our offices and companies which may be in countries with different laws regarding the collection and use of personal data than the country we collected it from.
Certain of our search providers may require us to share your full IP address with them in order to fulfill your search requests. Please note that the search providers have their own privacy policies that govern the privacy of these requests. We encourage you to read these privacy policies before deciding to use these services.

Selected AVG resellers, distributors and other partners performing services on our behalf.

We may share some of your personal data, such as your email address, with certain selected resellers, distributors and other partners to enable them to contact you on our behalf about products, services or offers we believe are important to you or your business, to fulfill any terms under your licensing and service relationship with AVG, or to provide you local technical and customer support.

Lastly, we may share your personal data:

when necessary to deliver the product or service you require such as with a payment card provider who we use to process your credit card transaction;
when authorized by law or necessary to comply with a valid legal process;
when required to protect and defend the rights or property of AVG, including the security of our products and services;
when necessary to protect the personal safety, property or other rights of the public, AVG or its customers or employees; or
in connection with a sale of all or part of our business.

If we are legally compelled to disclose your personal data to a third party, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you in advance of a disclosure unless legally prohibited. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will abide by this Privacy Policy, and any affected users will be informed if we transfer any personal data to a third party or if personal data becomes subject to a different privacy policy as a result.

