
Privacy Policy
Mid-Day is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Mid-Day Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Mid-Day website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. 
Collection of your Personal Information
Mid-Day collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Mid-Day also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. 
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Mid-Day. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Mid-Day for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Mid-Day Web site. 
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Mid-Day public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Mid-Day does not read any of your private online communications. 
Mid-Day encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Mid-Day so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Mid-Day is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Mid-Day and Mid-Day family of Web sites. 
Use of your Personal Information
Mid-Day collects and uses your personal information to operate the Mid-Day Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Mid-Day also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Mid-Day and its affiliates. Mid-Day may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. 
Mid-Day does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Mid-Day may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Mid-Day may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Mid-Day, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. 
Mid-Day does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Mid-Day keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Mid-Day, in order to determine what Mid-Day services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Mid-Day to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. 
Mid-Day Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mid-Day or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Mid-Day; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Mid-Day, or the public. 
Use of Cookies
The Mid-Day Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Mid-Day pages, or register with Mid-Day site or services, a cookie helps Mid-Day to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Mid-Day Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Mid-Day features that you customized. 
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Mid-Day services or Web sites you visit. 
Security of your Personal Information
Mid-Day secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Mid-Day secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. 
Changes to this Statement
Mid-Day will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Mid-Day encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Mid-Day is protecting your information. 
Contact Information
Mid-Day welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Mid-Day has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Mid-Day at cs@mid-day.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. 
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Mid-Day Multimedia Limited ("Mid-Day") maintains Mid-Day.com (henceforth the "Site") for your information, recreation, education, entertainment and communication. The Site is free, and can be accessed through a web browser by any individual. 
You may download material displayed on the Site for personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. This will be only for non-commercial use and not for any financial gain whatsoever. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Mid-Day's written permission. 
Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions (hereby referred to as "Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement between you and Mid-Day are superseded and of no force or effect. 
Terms and Conditions:

Assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted/ protected by intellectual property laws unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the explicit written permission of Mid-Day. Mid-Day is not responsible for any legal implications that may occur to you if you have copied any material whatsoever from the Site and used for commercial purposes. Mid-Day neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe patent, copyright or any intellectual property rights or any other rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Mid-Day.
You shall not archive or retain any Content in any form without Mid-Day's prior written permission.
Mid-Day says that reasonable effort has gone into developing the content of the Site, especially for accuracy and for including up-to-date information. However, Mid-Day assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Content on the Site. 
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your own risk. Neither Mid-Day nor any other individual or organisation involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site or any service provided through the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. 
Mid-Day also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site. 
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Mid-Day or its affiliates for any purpose including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, Mid-Day is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. 
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Mid-Day. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorised by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications, regulations and statutes. 
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site, are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Mid-Day and others. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Mid-Day will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution. 
Mid-Day does not endorse in any way the advertisers on the Site to the contents of such advertisements. Please verify the veracity of the all information contained in any advertisement on your own before undertaking any reliance. 
Although Mid-Day may, from time to time, monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, Mid-Day is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Mid-Day will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Mid-Day to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials. 
Mid-Day may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound. 
Mid-Day prohibits caching, unauthorized hypertext links to the Site and the framing of any content available through the Site. Mid-Day reserves the right to disable any unauthorized links or frames. 
Users of this Site agree that any disputes arising from the use of the Site shall be governed by the laws of India without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws. Any suits brought hereunder may be brought in the courts of Mumbai, India and users of the Site submit to the jurisdiction thereof. 

