EUROEPANTOUR.COM - TERMS OF USE
 
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
Terms of Website Use
These terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) sets out the terms of use on which you make use of our website www.europeantour.com (“our site”), whether as a guest or a registered My European Tour user. Use of our site includes accessing, browsing or registering to use our site.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.
Other Applicable Terms
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:

Our privacy policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided to you is accurate
Our cookie policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site

Information about Us
Our site is owned by the PGA European Tour (company no: 01867610; registered office: Wentworth Drive, Virginia Water, Surrey GU25 4LX) (“PGAET”) and is operated and managed on behalf of PGAET by PGA European Tour Productions Limited (company no: 02597356; registered office: Wentworth Drive, as above) (“Tour Productions”) and Deltatre Media Limited (company no: 04436986; registered office: 1 Bickenhall Mansions, Bickenhall Street, London W1U 6BP) (“D3”) (PGAET, Tour Productions and D3 being collectively, the “Operators”).
Changes to these Terms
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
Change to our Site
We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
Accessing our Site
Our site is made available free of charge, although registration via My European Tour is required in order to access certain parts of our site. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Use of our Site
You may only use our site for lawful purposes and you may not use our site in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation. You also agree not to interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of our site or any equipment or network on which our site is stored. 
Your Account and Password
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security or My European Tour registration process, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us here.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. 
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site (including, without limitation, all digital video footage and live scoring data) for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or ours licensors.
If you print off, copy, download or otherwise disseminate any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
No Reliance on Information
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
Limitation of Liability
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:

Use of, or inability to use, our site; or
Use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.

If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:

Loss of profits, sales, business or revenue;
Business interruption;
Loss of anticipated savings;
Loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
Any indirect or consequential loss or damage.

If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any goods by use to you, which will be set out in our terms and conditions of supply.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Linking to our Site
You must not establish a link to our site (or any content contained within our site) in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
Third Party Links and Resources in our Site
Where our site contains links to other sites and/or resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Applicable Law
Please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation are governed by English law. We both agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Trademarks
PGAET and members of PGAET’s group (which means PGAET’s subsidiaries, PGAET’s ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006) own a number of trademarks in numerous territories, including but not limited to the following UK registered trademarks:

European Tour – registration number UK00002600170

Contact Us
To contact us, please use the email from here.
Thank you for visiting our site.
PRIVACY POLICY
Overview
PGA European Tour (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.europeantour.com (“our site”) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 (“the Act”), the data controller is PGA European Tour of Wentworth Drive, Virginia Water, Surrey GU25 4LX and the Site is operated and managed on behalf of PGA European Tour by: (i) PGA European Tour Productions Limited of Wentworth Drive (as above) (company registration number 02597356); and (ii) Deltatre Media Limited of 1 Bickenhall Mansions, Bickenhall Street, London W1U 6BP (company registration number 04436986).  
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:

Information you give us – you may give us information by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site (i.e. My European Tour), place an order on our site, participate in social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include (without limitation) your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, personal description and credit card information.
Information we collect about you – with regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:

Technical information, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform
Information about your visit, such as the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); content you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page 

Information we receive from other sources - we may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example only, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.

Cookies
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we used them see our Cookie Policy.
Uses made of the information
We use the information held about you in the following ways:

Information you give to us – we will use this information:

To carry out obligations arising from any transactions entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, goods and services that you request from us
To provide you with information about other goods and services that we offer to those that you have already enquired about
To provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods, services and events we believe may interest you. We will only contact you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with such information where you have consented to such contact. You can decide whether to consent when first registering for a My European Tour account, and after registering you can amend your consent preferences at any time via your My European Tour account settings. If you do not want us to receive such communications from us or selected third parties, please make sure you keep your consent preferences updated
To allow third parties to provide you with information that you request – for example, notifying European Tour promoters of your application to volunteer at a European Tour event 
To notify you about changes to our site
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer

Information we collect about you – we will use this information:

To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our site, when you choose to do so
As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you
To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them

Information we receive from other sources – we may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive). 

Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, each as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:

Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract or arrangement (for example, an application to volunteer at a European Tour event) we enter into with them or you
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site

We may disclose your personal information to third parties:

In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets
If PGA European Tour or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of PGA European Tour, our subscribers, or others

Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes, or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by updating your preferences in your My European Tour account or by contacting us at here.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner companies, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed, you can contact us here.
 



INFORMATION ABOUT THE USE OF COOKIES






This Site uses cookies to improve the Site’s performance and enhance the user experience. This policy explains how this is done. By continuing to browse the Site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.


What are cookies?
Cookies are small files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website to recognise your device the next time you visit. Cookies serve many functions. For example, they can help us to remember your username and preferences, analyse how well our website is performing, or even allow us to recommend content we believe will be most relevant to you.
Cookies contain personal information - i.e. your username if you log into My European Tour. Most cookies do not collect information that identifies you, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our websites, or a user’s general location. 

What cookies does the Site use?
We use the following type of cookies on the Site:
·       Strictly necessary cookies – these are cookies that are required for the operation of the Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Site or make use of My European Tour or to use any of the retail functions on the Site.
·       Analytical/performance cookies – they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Site works, for example, by ensuring that users are easily finding what they are looking for. 
·       Functionality cookies – these allow us to recognise users who return to the Site and remember Site personalisation choices.
·       Targeting cookies - we also use cookies which record users’ visits to the Site and which enable us to present content which we think will be of particular interest to you.

In particular, we use the following individual cookies:
 
You can block the download of cookies or remove/disable them (including the cookies we use) by altering the privacy settings on your web browser. However be aware that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the Site. More detail on how to disable cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org
 




Cookie
 


Purpose




_xcla


This stores a user’s consent to allow cookies




_chartbeat2
_chartbeat4
_chartbeat5
_cb_ls


This is used for real team website traffic reporting/performance monitoring




myETFTeam


This records information to a logged-in user’s Fantasy Tour team




myET


This records information related to logged-in users and is used to determine whether a user is logged in




.ASPXAUTH


This is used to provide session-based authentication for MyET website




ETBrowserCheck


This is used to record if a user is using IE6 or lower




etLang


This records a user’s choice when he/she is presented with the option to browse the site in a local language




_gat_webTrack
_gat_mobilelegTracker
_gat_langSiteTracker
_gat
_ga


These are Google Analytics (Legacy) cookies




_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmt
_utmv
_utmz


These are Google Universal Analytics cookies




_unam


This is used by the ShareThis social sharing widget




_gads


This is used by Double Click for publishers by Google




How to block or disable cookies
 
SECURITY OF INFORMATION

We take the security of your personal information seriously. When you submit your credit card details, we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to guard your information. In addition, we have security procedures in place to protect our customer database from loss and misuse, and only allow access to it when absolutely necessary, and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of the personal information contained within it. However we cannot guarantee that any data transmission over the Internet is completely secure.

This DCT contains links to other digital communication tools. We are only responsible for the privacy practices on this site. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other digital communication tool that you visit.

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY


We reserve the right to change our security and privacy policies at any time. Accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review our current policies.

Updating and correcting information

You may correct your personal information by emailing us using the contact form or by changing your profile on our DCT. Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us. We would encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes.
Your rights to access your personal information

You have the right to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you. We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make.

HOW TO CONTACT US


If you would like any further information or have any comments about our privacy policy or any other aspect of our DCT or service, please contact us by any of the methods shown below:

To send Feedback please click here for our contact Form.
europeantour.com
PGA European Tour
WentworthDrive
VirginiaWater
Surrey
GU24LX
United Kingdom