
Privacy & Security Notice

Your privacy is taken seriously at the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority.  Providing electronic access to turnpike information and services while maintaining privacy is a guiding principle of the turnpike’s information technology initiative.  The Oklahoma Turnpike Authority collects only the personal information necessary to provide enhanced services to our customers. 
Personal data in our possession is maintained and used in ways that respect individual privacy.  The Oklahoma Turnpike Authority educates our employees about the importance of protecting personal information and consumer privacy. Only authorized employees have access to personal information.  Depending on the situation, we may collect the following information about visitors to our website:

The domain name, but not the e-mail address.
The e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
Aggregate information about which pages consumers access or visit.
Information volunteered by the customer, such as survey information.

This information is used only to improve the scope and content of the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority’s services on the Internet.
Information Sharing
The Oklahoma Turnpike Authority will not release personal information to third parties except where it is already provided by law for purposes of notification. We do not provide, rent, or sell personal information to third parties for marketing programs or any other purpose. 
Internet Cookies
Cookies are short and simple text files stored on your computer by Internet websites to help identify users and enhance customer service. The Oklahoma Turnpike Authority sites may use cookies to customize and personalize your service transactions. For example, our website may use cookies to keep track of customers. Using web browser settings, you can refuse the cookies or delete the cookie file from your computer by using any of the widely available methods.
Security
The Oklahoma Turnpike Authority uses the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your sensitive personal information, including your credit card number, during online transactions. Using this widely accepted form of encryption, your transaction is secured from your personal computer to the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority computer processing your request.  The Oklahoma Turnpike Authority processing computers are located behind a secure firewall.
For added security, your credit card information is stored in encrypted form on an Oklahoma Turnpike Authority database and only authorized employees have access to your credit card number for card processing purposes.
SSL is highly regarded to be a very safe encryption method, but we fully understand if you are not comfortable entering your credit card information online.  In that event, please contact PIKEPASS Customer Service at 1.800.PIKEPASS and speak directly to a representative.
        If you have trouble accessing our website, then you may be behind a firewall or using a proxy server that doesn't allow secure transactions.  If that is the case, then you may contact PIKEPASS Customer Service at 1.800.PIKEPASS for your service requests.
E-mail Correspondence
If you send an e-mail message or complete an unsecured web form, which contains personal information, we collect and store the following information: 

E-mail address
Name
Address
Phone / Contact Information
Vehicle Information
Account Number

If unsecured and / or unencrypted e-mail is used, please do not put confidential and personal information such as social security number, driver license number, date of birth, bank account/credit card information, or PIKEPASS account access code in your e-mail communications. Your privacy cannot be protected or insured by the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority during an e-mail transmission.

