
This privacy statement applies to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital and its fundraising organization, American Lebanese Syrian Associated Charities (ALSAC). St. Jude and ALSAC respect the privacy of our visitors and donors. For information regarding our privacy policies for Canadian residents, please view our Canadian privacy policy. This site collects information such as the visitor's domain name, site traffic patterns and server usage statistics. This information is used to improve the performance and content of our Web pages and to personalize content and layout of our pages for individual visitors and donors. We do not collect and store your email address unless you choose to communicate with us in one of several ways:  You contact us directly via email. You provide your email address to us via phone, mail, electronic form or paper sign-up sheet. You opt out of future messaging after receiving a "Forward to a Friend" or "Share With Your Network" email message.  We do not sell, share or rent our email lists to third-party organizations. We do share this information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, but we do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. Third-party personally identifiable information you provide for memorial or honor donations or for merchandise shipping will not be shared. We may occasionally conduct voluntary surveys on this site. Personally identifiable information collected in these surveys will not be shared. Aggregate results may be shared for analysis by third parties but we do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. The aggregate data cannot be used to identify individuals. We may ask you to provide information in a few circumstances. When you donate online or offline, register or purchase items from stjude.org, we will need personal information, such as name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card number, so that we can process your donation or order, notify you of order status or provide a receipt. We do not rent, share or sell your personal information to outside marketers. We may share personal information with marketing firms engaged by us solely to perform services on our behalf, but we do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with the law. We might use the information you provide to share information about services or products you have requested or to inform you of promotional offers that might be of interest. We use shipping companies to ship merchandise and a credit card processor for merchandise orders and donations but we do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.  Cookies and Other Technology We use cookies to store visitors' preferences, alert visitors to new areas of the site, customize Web page content based on visitor interests and record past activity in order to provide better service. Cookies are small text files that do not damage a visitor's system or files. Most browsers will allow a user to accept or deny cookies. If a visitor rejects our cookies, they may still use our site. St. Jude, or those acting on our behalf, uses web beacons to access St. Jude cookies inside and outside our network of websites. Web pages may contain an electronic file called a web beacon that allows a web site to count users who have visited specific content or sites or to access certain cookies. Cookies allow St. Jude to personalize your experience when you visit St. Jude web sites and those that may precede or follow the stjude.org domain.  This file and technology enables us to target relevant content or information to enhance your user experience. Most browsers will allow a user to accept or deny cookies. If a visitor rejects our cookies, they may still use our site. Security We care about the security of your transactions and apply industry-standard practices and technologies to safeguard your credit card information. We also employ other best practice security protocols to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the organization. Security best practices include encrypting all web traffic, testing for security vulnerabilities and correcting all critical and/or high vulnerabilities, and securing ALSAC and St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital websites with Web Application Firewalls and Intrusion Protection Systems. Links to Third-Party Websites This site contains links to other sites that are owned or operated by others (“third-party websites”). We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of sites not owned by St. Jude Children's Research Hospital or ALSAC. We encourage our visitors to be aware of when they leave our site and to read the privacy statement of any site that collects personally identifiable data. Changes to our Privacy Statement Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this site. Any changes will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise. Contact Us St. Jude Children's Research Hospital will discontinue contact with any person upon oral or written request. Write: St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Attn: Donor Services, 501 St. Jude Place, Memphis, TN 38105. Or phone 1-800-822-6344, or email donors@stjude.org. The quickest means of unsubscribing from electronic communications is through the Email Management Center or by using the unsubscribe function on the eNewsletter you are receiving. If you have any questions about St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, ALSAC, or our privacy protections, please contact us at:


To protect your privacy and security, we will take certain steps to verify your identity before granting access to your information or making corrections. Callers will be asked specific questions, including full name, address, phone number and if applicable credit card numbers and/or expiration date, in order to verify their identity and protect the privacy of our visitors and donors.

