Privacy Policy
                The purpose of this data protection declaration is to inform you, as a user, about the collection of personal data on this website. We therefore consider it important to present all essential information for the protection of your data as transparently as possible. However, if there are any questions, questions or need for clarification, please do not hesitate to contact us.  The purpose of this data protection declaration is to inform you, as a user, about the collection of personal data on this website. We therefore consider it important to present all essential information for the protection of your data as transparently as possible. However, if there are any questions, questions or need for clarification, please do not hesitate to contact us.A. The data controller in the sense of the General Data Protection Regulation (Art. 4 para. 7 GDPR) and the other national data protection laws and data protection provisions is:  Julian Liebig Steinstr. 9 37603 Holzminden EMail: support@workupload.com for complete provider identification  This contact data is therefore relevant for all data protection questions regarding this website and for all data protection claims on your part.   in the sense of the General Data Protection Regulation (Art. 4 para. 7 GDPR) and the other national data protection laws and data protection provisions is:Julian LiebigSteinstr. 937603 HolzmindenEMail: support@workupload.comThis contact data is therefore relevant for all data protection questions regarding this website and for all data protection claims on your part.B. Collection and storage of personal data when you visit our website In the following, we will inform you about the relevant data protection procedures that take place when you visit our website.  In the following, we will inform you about the relevant data protection procedures that take place when you visit our website.1. Logfiles Every time you visit our website, we automatically collect data and information from the computer system you use to access the website.   The following data is collected here:  (1) Information about your browser type and version (2) Information about your operating system  (3) Date and time of your access (4) Websites from which your system accesses our website  (5) Websites that are accessed by your system via our website (6) Your IP address  Your data is processed for the purpose of delivering our website content, ensuring the functionality of our information technology systems, optimizing our website. Thus, the processing for the protection of our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR, i.e. the performance of our business activities, is necessary.  Since the collection of data for the provision of our website and the storage of data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of our website, you also have no right of objection.  Every time you visit our website, we automatically collect data and information from the computer system you use to access the website.The following data is collected here:(1) Information about your browser type and version(2) Information about your operating system(3) Date and time of your access(4) Websites from which your system accesses our website(5) Websites that are accessed by your system via our website(6) Your IP addressYour data is processed for the purpose of delivering our website content, ensuring the functionality of our information technology systems, optimizing our website. Thus, the processing for the protection of our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR, i.e. the performance of our business activities, is necessary.Since the collection of data for the provision of our website and the storage of data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of our website, you also have no right of objection.2. Cookies We use "cookies" on our website. These are small text files that your browser automatically creates and that are stored on your end device when you visit our website. Cookies do not damage your computer system or contain viruses, Trojan horses or other malicious software.  We use cookies to improve our website, for example to make it more user-friendly and to adapt it to user interests.  The following data will be stored and transmitted in the cookies:  (1) Language settings (2) Login information (3) Frequency of page views (4) Usage of website functions  The data collected in this way will be pseudonmyized as a technical precaution. It is therefore not possible to associate the data with you. The data will not be stored together with other personal data.  The data processed by cookies is required for the purposes stated to safeguard our legitimate interests (the conduct of our business) pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR.  Most browsers accept cookies automatically. To prevent this, however, you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer system or so a message appears before a new cookie is created. However, if you disable cookies completely, you may not be able to use all the features of our website.  Each browser may differ in the way it manages cookie settings. This is described in the help menu on each browser, which tells you how to change your cookie settings.  We use "cookies" on our website. These are small text files that your browser automatically creates and that are stored on your end device when you visit our website. Cookies do not damage your computer system or contain viruses, Trojan horses or other malicious software.We use cookies to improve our website, for example to make it more user-friendly and to adapt it to user interests.The following data will be stored and transmitted in the cookies:(1) Language settings(2) Login information(3) Frequency of page views(4) Usage of website functionsThe data collected in this way will be pseudonmyized as a technical precaution. It is therefore not possible to associate the data with you. The data will not be stored together with other personal data.The data processed by cookies is required for the purposes stated to safeguard our legitimate interests (the conduct of our business) pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR.Most browsers accept cookies automatically. To prevent this, however, you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer system or so a message appears before a new cookie is created. However, if you disable cookies completely, you may not be able to use all the features of our website.Each browser may differ in the way it manages cookie settings. This is described in the help menu on each browser, which tells you how to change your cookie settings.3. Website Analysis On our website we use "Google Analytics", a web analysis service from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as: "Google"). Google uses cookies, which are small text files placed on your device, to help the website analyze how users use the site. Cookie-generated information about your use of this website is usually transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the USA. If anonymization of the IP address to be transmitted by the cookie is activated on the website ("IP anonymization"), your IP address will be truncated beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will only be transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there in only exceptional cases. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website on our behalf, compiling reports on website usage, and providing other services to us relating to website usage and internet usage. User usage profiles may be created from the processed data. The IP address transmitted when using Google Analytics is not merged with other data from Google.  We use Google Analytics only with the previously described IP anonymization activated. This means that your IP address will only be processed by Google in an abbreviated form. Direct references to persons can be excluded.  We use Google Analytics for the purpose of analyzing the use of our website and continuously improving individual functions and offers as well as the user experience. By statistically evaluating user behavior we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. This also includes our legitimate interest in the processing of the above data by Google, which is based on Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your web browser to prevent the cookies generated by Google Analytics from being saved. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website. If you wish to prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your user behavior (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google, you can download and install the web browser plug-in available under the following link:  In order to oblige Google to process the data transmitted only in accordance with our instructions and to comply with the applicable data protection regulations, we have concluded a processing contract with Google. In the exceptional cases where personal information is transferred to the United States, Google has subjected itself to and is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement between the European Union and the United States. Google therefore undertakes to comply with the standards and regulations of European data protection law. Further information can be found in the following link:  Further information on the use of data by Google, on setting and objection options and on data protection can be found on the following Google web pages:  • User conditions:  • Privacy Policy Overview:  • Privacy statement:  • Data use for advertising purposes:  • Settings for personalized advertising by Google: 
On our website we use "Google Analytics", a web analysis service from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as: "Google"). Google uses cookies, which are small text files placed on your device, to help the website analyze how users use the site. Cookie-generated information about your use of this website is usually transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the USA. If anonymization of the IP address to be transmitted by the cookie is activated on the website ("IP anonymization"), your IP address will be truncated beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will only be transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there in only exceptional cases. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website on our behalf, compiling reports on website usage, and providing other services to us relating to website usage and internet usage. User usage profiles may be created from the processed data. The IP address transmitted when using Google Analytics is not merged with other data from Google.We use Google Analytics only with the previously described IP anonymization activated. This means that your IP address will only be processed by Google in an abbreviated form. Direct references to persons can be excluded.We use Google Analytics for the purpose of analyzing the use of our website and continuously improving individual functions and offers as well as the user experience. By statistically evaluating user behavior we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. This also includes our legitimate interest in the processing of the above data by Google, which is based on Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR.You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your web browser to prevent the cookies generated by Google Analytics from being saved. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website. If you wish to prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your user behavior (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google, you can download and install the web browser plug-in available under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout In order to oblige Google to process the data transmitted only in accordance with our instructions and to comply with the applicable data protection regulations, we have concluded a processing contract with Google. In the exceptional cases where personal information is transferred to the United States, Google has subjected itself to and is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement between the European Union and the United States. Google therefore undertakes to comply with the standards and regulations of European data protection law. Further information can be found in the following link: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI Further information on the use of data by Google, on setting and objection options and on data protection can be found on the following Google web pages:• User conditions: https://policies.google.com/terms • Privacy Policy Overview: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 • Privacy statement: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ • Data use for advertising purposes: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads • Settings for personalized advertising by Google: https://www.google.de/settings/ads 4. Online-Marketing This website uses the online advertising program "Google AdWords" and conversion tracking from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google") as part of Google AdWords. We use the offer of Google Adwords to draw attention to our attractive offers with the help of advertising materials (Google Adwords) on external websites. We can determine how successful the individual advertising measures are in relation to the data from the advertising campaigns. This is to track our interest in showing you advertising that may be of interest to you, making our website more interesting to you, and achieving a fair calculation of advertising costs.  The conversion tracking cookie is set when a user clicks on an AdWords ad placed by Google. Cookies are small text files which are saved on your computer system. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. Should the user visit certain pages on the website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page. Each Google AdWords advertiser has a different cookie. Thus, cookies cannot be tracked using the website of Adwords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the Adwords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, advertisers do not obtain any information that can be used to identify users personally. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can opt-out of this by easily disabling the Google Conversion Tracking cookie by changing your browser settings. In doing so, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. We use Google Adwords because of our legitimate interest in a targeted advertising according to Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR.  Google LLC, headquartered in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which ensures compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU.  You can obtain further information about Google's data protection provisions at the following Internet address:  You can permanently deactivate cookies for advertising purposes by preventing them from appearing in your browser software or by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available from the following link:  Please note that certain features of this website may not be available or may be available only to a limited extent if you have disabled the use of cookies. 
This website uses the online advertising program "Google AdWords" and conversion tracking from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google") as part of Google AdWords. We use the offer of Google Adwords to draw attention to our attractive offers with the help of advertising materials (Google Adwords) on external websites. We can determine how successful the individual advertising measures are in relation to the data from the advertising campaigns. This is to track our interest in showing you advertising that may be of interest to you, making our website more interesting to you, and achieving a fair calculation of advertising costs.The conversion tracking cookie is set when a user clicks on an AdWords ad placed by Google. Cookies are small text files which are saved on your computer system. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. Should the user visit certain pages on the website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page. Each Google AdWords advertiser has a different cookie. Thus, cookies cannot be tracked using the website of Adwords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the Adwords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, advertisers do not obtain any information that can be used to identify users personally. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can opt-out of this by easily disabling the Google Conversion Tracking cookie by changing your browser settings. In doing so, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. We use Google Adwords because of our legitimate interest in a targeted advertising according to Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR.Google LLC, headquartered in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which ensures compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU.You can obtain further information about Google's data protection provisions at the following Internet address: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ You can permanently deactivate cookies for advertising purposes by preventing them from appearing in your browser software or by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available from the following link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin Please note that certain features of this website may not be available or may be available only to a limited extent if you have disabled the use of cookies.5. Google reCAPTCHA On this website we also use the reCAPTCHA function from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). This function is mainly used to distinguish whether the entry has been made by a human or misused by a machine and via automated processing. The service includes sending the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google and is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in determining the individual nature of actions on the Internet and the prevention of abuse and spam.  Google LLC, headquartered in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which ensures compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU.  For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy, please visit: 
On this website we also use the reCAPTCHA function from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). This function is mainly used to distinguish whether the entry has been made by a human or misused by a machine and via automated processing. The service includes sending the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google and is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in determining the individual nature of actions on the Internet and the prevention of abuse and spam.Google LLC, headquartered in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which ensures compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU.For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy, please visit: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ 6. Google Maps On our website we use Google Maps (API) from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Maps is a web service for displaying interactive (country) maps in order to display geographical information visually. When you use this service, our location will be displayed to you and any journey to it will be made easier.  When you visit any of the subpages that include the Google Maps map, information about your use of our website (such as your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. This takes place regardless of whether Google makes available a user account via which you are logged in or no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish to be associated to your Google profile, you must first log out before activating the button. Google saves your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and evaluates them. An evaluation of this nature is carried out in particular in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR on the basis of Google's legitimate interest in the placement of personalized advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise this right.  Google LLC, headquartered in the USA, is certified for the US-European Privacy Shield Agreement, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection applicable in the EU.  If you do not agree with the future transmission of your data to Google within the framework of the use of Google Maps, there is also the possibility of completely deactivating the Google Maps web service by switching off the JavaScript application in your browser. Google Maps and thereby the map display on this website can then not be used.  Detailed information on data protection in connection with the use of Google Maps can be found on Google's website ("Google Privacy Policy"): 
On our website we use Google Maps (API) from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Maps is a web service for displaying interactive (country) maps in order to display geographical information visually. When you use this service, our location will be displayed to you and any journey to it will be made easier.When you visit any of the subpages that include the Google Maps map, information about your use of our website (such as your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. This takes place regardless of whether Google makes available a user account via which you are logged in or no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish to be associated to your Google profile, you must first log out before activating the button. Google saves your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and evaluates them. An evaluation of this nature is carried out in particular in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR on the basis of Google's legitimate interest in the placement of personalized advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise this right.Google LLC, headquartered in the USA, is certified for the US-European Privacy Shield Agreement, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection applicable in the EU.If you do not agree with the future transmission of your data to Google within the framework of the use of Google Maps, there is also the possibility of completely deactivating the Google Maps web service by switching off the JavaScript application in your browser. Google Maps and thereby the map display on this website can then not be used.Detailed information on data protection in connection with the use of Google Maps can be found on Google's website ("Google Privacy Policy"): https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ 7. Google Web Fonts This site uses web fonts provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google") for the consistent display of fonts. When you visit a page, your browser loads the web fonts you need into its browser cache to display text and fonts correctly.  For this purpose, the browser you are using must be connected to Google's servers. Google is therefore aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer.  US-based Google LLC is certified under the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.  For more information about Google Web Fonts, visit 
This site uses web fonts provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google") for the consistent display of fonts. When you visit a page, your browser loads the web fonts you need into its browser cache to display text and fonts correctly.For this purpose, the browser you are using must be connected to Google's servers. Google is therefore aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer.US-based Google LLC is certified under the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.For more information about Google Web Fonts, visit https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and Google's Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ 8.1. Advertising We use "Google AdSense", an online advertising service from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as "Google"), on our website. Among other things, Google AdSense uses cookies, small text files that are stored locally in the cache of your web browser on your terminal device. For this Google uses a Web Beacon to set the cookies on your device. Your data will be transferred to the USA and evaluated there. If you are logged in with your Google account, your data can be directly assigned to it. If you don't want to be associated with your Google profile, you need to log out. It is possible that these data are passed on to contracting partners of Google to third parties and authorities.  We may use Google AdSense for marketing and optimization purposes, in particular to serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent you from seeing the same ads more than once. This also includes our legitimate interest in the processing of the above data by Google, which is based on Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR. The storage period is 2 years.  You can prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website. It is also possible to prevent the storage of cookies by deactivating the interest-related ads on Google via this link  Google has also signed and is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement between the European Union and the United States. Google therefore undertakes to comply with the standards and regulations of European data protection law. Further information can be found at the following link:  Further information on the use of data by Google, on setting and objection options and on data protection can be found on the following Google web page:  • Privacy policy:  • Privacy policy for advertising: 
We use "Google AdSense", an online advertising service from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as "Google"), on our website. Among other things, Google AdSense uses cookies, small text files that are stored locally in the cache of your web browser on your terminal device. For this Google uses a Web Beacon to set the cookies on your device. Your data will be transferred to the USA and evaluated there. If you are logged in with your Google account, your data can be directly assigned to it. If you don't want to be associated with your Google profile, you need to log out. It is possible that these data are passed on to contracting partners of Google to third parties and authorities.We may use Google AdSense for marketing and optimization purposes, in particular to serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent you from seeing the same ads more than once. This also includes our legitimate interest in the processing of the above data by Google, which is based on Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR. The storage period is 2 years.You can prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website. It is also possible to prevent the storage of cookies by deactivating the interest-related ads on Google via this link http://www.google.de/ads/preferences . Please note that this setting will be deleted if you delete your cookies. You can also deactivate interest-based ads via the link http://www.aboutads.info/choices . Please note that this setting will be deleted if you delete your cookies. If you use the web browsers Firefox, Internet Explorer, or Google Chrome, you can permanently deactivate the setting of cookies under the following link: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin . We would also like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website to their full extent.Google has also signed and is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement between the European Union and the United States. Google therefore undertakes to comply with the standards and regulations of European data protection law. Further information can be found at the following link: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI Further information on the use of data by Google, on setting and objection options and on data protection can be found on the following Google web page:• Privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ • Privacy policy for advertising: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads 8.2. Advertising We use "PropellerAds", an online advertising service from Propeller Ads Ltd, HE353513, 15 Karaiskaki Street, 3032 Limassol, Cyprus (hereinafter referred to as "PropellerAds"), on our website. Among other things, PropellerAds uses cookies, small text files that are stored locally in the cache of your web browser on your terminal device. For this PropellerAds uses a Web Beacon to set the cookies on your device. Your data will be transferred to Cyprus and evaluated there. It is possible that these data are passed on to contracting partners of Google to third parties and authorities.  We may use PropellerAds for marketing and optimization purposes, in particular to serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent you from seeing the same ads more than once. This also includes our legitimate interest in the processing of the above data by PropellerAds, which is based on Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR. The storage period is 2 years.  You can prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website.  Further information on the use of data by PropellerAds, on setting and objection options and on data protection can be found on the following PropellerAds web page:  • Privacy policy: 
We use "PropellerAds", an online advertising service from Propeller Ads Ltd, HE353513, 15 Karaiskaki Street, 3032 Limassol, Cyprus (hereinafter referred to as "PropellerAds"), on our website. Among other things, PropellerAds uses cookies, small text files that are stored locally in the cache of your web browser on your terminal device. For this PropellerAds uses a Web Beacon to set the cookies on your device. Your data will be transferred to Cyprus and evaluated there. It is possible that these data are passed on to contracting partners of Google to third parties and authorities.We may use PropellerAds for marketing and optimization purposes, in particular to serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent you from seeing the same ads more than once. This also includes our legitimate interest in the processing of the above data by PropellerAds, which is based on Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR. The storage period is 2 years.You can prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website.Further information on the use of data by PropellerAds, on setting and objection options and on data protection can be found on the following PropellerAds web page:• Privacy policy: https://propellerads.com/privacy/ 9. Payment processing We use Entry in the Privacy Shield list.
We use Stripe , an offer from the American company Stripe Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Stripe") for the processing of payments (legal basis according to GDPR, if and to the extent applicable: Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR). Stripe is certified according to both the EU American and the Swiss-American Privacy Shield and thus guarantees adequate data protection. In particular, Stripe has published the following information on the nature, scope, and purpose of the data processing: Datenschutzerklärung C. Registration You can register on our website in order to be able to use the full scope of the offer.  The data you enter here will only be used for the purposes of using the offer. The data stored within the scope of the registration will not be passed on to third parties as long as this is not necessary for the fulfillment of the contractual purpose.  When you register the following data will be stored: (1) Your IP address  (2) Date and time of registration (3) Your email address  When you make use of a chargeable offer, the following data will also be stored: (1) Your name (2) Your address (3) Bank account or credit card data for identity verification and payment processing 
The processing of the data provided is carried out for the fulfillment of the user contract in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 b) GDPR. 
You can register on our website in order to be able to use the full scope of the offer.The data you enter here will only be used for the purposes of using the offer. The data stored within the scope of the registration will not be passed on to third parties as long as this is not necessary for the fulfillment of the contractual purpose.When you register the following data will be stored:(1) Your IP address(2) Date and time of registration(3) Your email addressWhen you make use of a chargeable offer, the following data will also be stored:(1) Your name(2) Your address(3) Bank account or credit card data for identity verification and payment processingThe processing of the data provided is carried out for the fulfillment of the user contract in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 b) GDPR.D. Contact  You can contact us electronically via a form on the website or by email. In this case, the data that you enter in the form or send to us by email will be transmitted to us and stored by us.  This concerns:  (1) Date of contact (2) Your email address (3) If necessary, other data, if you provide this  Before submitting the contact form, you will be advised of this privacy policy.  If you write us an email and are interested in our offer, the legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 b) GDPR. In all other respects the processing takes place due to our justified interest from Art. 6 para. 1 f) of the GDPR regarding business conduct.  This data transmitted to us will only be used for the purpose of conducting the conversation and will not be passed on to third parties.  We will delete this data if it is no longer required for the respective purpose. I.e. when the exchange by email or via the contact form with you is finished and we have completely processed your request. 
You can contact us electronically via a form on the website or by email. In this case, the data that you enter in the form or send to us by email will be transmitted to us and stored by us.This concerns:(1) Date of contact(2) Your email address(3) If necessary, other data, if you provide thisBefore submitting the contact form, you will be advised of this privacy policy.If you write us an email and are interested in our offer, the legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 b) GDPR. In all other respects the processing takes place due to our justified interest from Art. 6 para. 1 f) of the GDPR regarding business conduct.This data transmitted to us will only be used for the purpose of conducting the conversation and will not be passed on to third parties.We will delete this data if it is no longer required for the respective purpose. I.e. when the exchange by email or via the contact form with you is finished and we have completely processed your request.E. Processing in third countries in general Unless otherwise stated above, the processing of your personal data in countries outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA) is carried out exclusively on the basis of the legal requirements pursuant to Art. 44 GDPR. This is exclusively the case either on the basis of an adequacy decision of the European Commission (Art. 45 GDPR) and/or on the basis of appropriate guarantees (Art. 46 GDPR). 
Unless otherwise stated above, the processing of your personal data in countries outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA) is carried out exclusively on the basis of the legal requirements pursuant to Art. 44 GDPR. This is exclusively the case either on the basis of an adequacy decision of the European Commission (Art. 45 GDPR) and/or on the basis of appropriate guarantees (Art. 46 GDPR).F. General term of storage In general, personal data will only be stored for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the data was collected or to comply with the respective statutory retention period. After the purpose has been served or the deadline has expired, the data will be deleted. 
In general, personal data will only be stored for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the data was collected or to comply with the respective statutory retention period. After the purpose has been served or the deadline has expired, the data will be deleted.G. The data subject's rights Insofar as we have processed personal data from you, you are a data subject within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights towards us: (1) Art. 15 GDPR - You can request information about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you may obtain information about the purposes for which the data is processed, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the existence of a right of rectification, deletion, limitation of processing or objection, the existence of a right of appeal, the origin of your data if it has not been collected from us, and the existence of automated decision making including profiling and, where applicable, the existence of a right of access to your data. (2) Art. 16 GDPR - You may immediately request the correction of inaccurate or incomplete personal data stored by us. (3) Art. 17 GDPR - You may request the deletion of your personal data stored with us, unless the processing is necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfill a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims. (4) Art. 18 GDPR - You may request the restriction of the processing of your personal data if the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you refuse to delete it and we do not collect the data, however, you refuse the data deletion and we no longer need the data, but you need the data to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or you have lodged an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR. (5) Art. 20 GDPR - You may receive your personal data which you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or request transmission to another data controller. (6) Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR - You have the right to revoke your consent which you have granted to us at any time. The consequence of this is that we may no longer continue the data processing based on this consent for the future. (7) Art. 77 GDPR - You can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or workplace or our place of business. 
Insofar as we have processed personal data from you, you are a data subject within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights towards us:(1) Art. 15 GDPR - You can request information about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you may obtain information about the purposes for which the data is processed, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the existence of a right of rectification, deletion, limitation of processing or objection, the existence of a right of appeal, the origin of your data if it has not been collected from us, and the existence of automated decision making including profiling and, where applicable, the existence of a right of access to your data.(2) Art. 16 GDPR - You may immediately request the correction of inaccurate or incomplete personal data stored by us.(3) Art. 17 GDPR - You may request the deletion of your personal data stored with us, unless the processing is necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfill a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims.(4) Art. 18 GDPR - You may request the restriction of the processing of your personal data if the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you refuse to delete it and we do not collect the data, however, you refuse the data deletion and we no longer need the data, but you need the data to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or you have lodged an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR.(5) Art. 20 GDPR - You may receive your personal data which you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or request transmission to another data controller.(6) Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR - You have the right to revoke your consent which you have granted to us at any time. The consequence of this is that we may no longer continue the data processing based on this consent for the future.(7) Art. 77 GDPR - You can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or workplace or our place of business.H. Right of Ojection If your personal data is based on legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 f) GDPR, you have the right in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR to object to the processing of your personal data if there are reasons for this which arise from your particular situation or if the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without stating a particular situation.  If you wish to exercise your right of revocation or objection, simply send an email to support@workupload.com

            If your personal data is based on legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 f) GDPR, you have the right in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR to object to the processing of your personal data if there are reasons for this which arise from your particular situation or if the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without stating a particular situation.If you wish to exercise your right of revocation or objection, simply send an email to support@workupload.com