
 Privacy Policy

In order for (IASCA SOCIETY) to protect your personal information, you are requested to read this privacy policy prior to using (IASCA SOCIETY) website located at www.ascasociety.org 
In general, you can visit our Web sites without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and e-mail address, to correspond with you or provide you with a subscription, for example. If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet, it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. 
You acknowledge that your using this website means your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept this policy in full, your entry to this site will be considered unauthorized and you will have to stop using the site immediately. You acknowledge that (IASCA SOCIETY) reserves the right solely and without any limitation on its part to modify and amend the terms and conditions of this privacy policy at any time. You will be bound by such amendments and modifications as soon as they are posted on (IASCA SOCIETY) website when (IASCA SOCIETY) may deem that appropriate. 
In this situation, we advise you to keep visiting (IASCA SOCIETY) website from time to time to be familiar with any changes that may take place in the future in relation to this privacy policy. 
(IASCA SOCIETY) may choose to notify you of any material changes that may affect your rights via your e-mail, we advise you to keep your e-mail effective and in the event that it has been changed to notify us immediately of your new e-mail address. 
Why did we adopt this Privacy policy? 
(IASCA SOCIETY) has adopted this privacy policy to inform users of the kind of personal information that will be collected, the purpose of collecting it and the protection measures that (IASCA SOCIETY) has employed or will further employ in the future to keep your personal information confidential and private. 
What kind of information do we collect form you? 
In order to subscribe to our website, submit a comment, or contact us, you agree to provide the following information in the required form: 
Your name 
Your Company name 
Your E-mail address 
Your address 
 
Why did we collect this information? 
(IASCA SOCIETY) collects your personal information for the following reason: 
To contact you. 
Submitional Reasons 
Statistical reasons. 
 
Are we going to disclose your information to other parties not mentioned here? 
(IASCA SOCIETY) will not disclose your personal information to any third party, unless it receives an order from a competent court or required to do so under the provisions of Law. 
What security measures do we use to protect your personal information? 
(IASCA SOCIETY) saves the records of its members on high quality servers, database, and safety systems. (IASCA SOCIETY) has employed several technological security measures to protect your personal and confidential information from being misused, altered while being transmitted over the Internet. Moreover, (IASCA SOCIETY) uses cookies to gather information that will improve its website and serve you efficiently. Cookies are small files that the website places on the website user computer which allow the website server to recognize the user each time he visits the website and store the user preferences. However, (IASCA SOCIETY) does not guarantee in any way that its use of the above mentioned security measures would guarantee fully that your personal information would remain private while being transferred over the Internet. 
Whom should you ask if you have any other questions? 
If you have any question related to this privacy policy or any of its provision or you wish to make any comment about it, please contact us
