
PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR EUROPEAN CONSUMERS AND CUSTOMERS

    This information is designed to help you understand what we do with information about people, referred to as
    “personal data”.
    It is addressed only to consumers and customers based in Europe.
    For consumers and customers in other countries, this statement is not addressed to you and the information it
    contains may not apply to you.
    You should refer instead to our Privacy Policy.
  

    We are CarGurus, Inc., of 2 Canal Park, 4th Floor, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA (and our subsidiaries). Either we or one
    of our European subsidiaries is the data controller of your personal data. If you have any questions or concerns
    about the information presented here, or about what we do with personal data, you should email us at
    privacy@cargurus.com or write to us at the above address, to the
    attention of our General Counsel.
  

    Our sites are not intended to be used by children.
  
In summary, we use personal data:

to connect consumers interested in listed vehicles with the dealerships that are advertising them for sale
to operate the interactive features of our websites and mobile applications, such as the discussion forums,
      saved searches and pricing alerts
    
to promote our services, and to help our advertisements appear to people who are more likely to be interested in
      them
    
to manage our customer relationships, handle queries and complaints, prevent fraud and otherwise operate our
      business.
    


    The rest of this statement provides further details. In order to help you reach the information you want quickly, we
    have divided this page into different sections according to your different potential interactions with us. You can
    get to the section you want by following the links below.
  

    What would you like to know more about?
  

When you ask to be put in touch with a dealership
You can use our website to be put in contact with a dealership that has a vehicle for sale that you are interested
    in buying. Our websites have a form for that purpose. We then either connect you with the dealership through our
    systems, or pass the information that you provide to the dealership to them so they can follow up with you directly.
    Which of those we do depends on the relationship we have with the dealership.
Where we pass on your details directly, the receiving dealership is then the controller of their copy of your
    personal data, and they are responsible for what, if anything, they do with it. Typically, we would expect them to
    contact you by email or phone to see if you wish to take things forward (arrange a test drive, for example).
Where we connect you with the dealership through our systems, we will pass messages back and forth between you and
    the dealership. Again, the content of those messages will be seen by the dealership, and they are responsible for
    what, if anything, they do with it. At a point in discussions you will likely engage with the dealership directly,
    for example for a test drive or to inspect the vehicle in person.
Alternatively, you can call the number for a dealership provided on our website to be connected to the dealership
    that way. If you do, we will have a record that the call took place, but we do not record the calls themselves and
    we will not know what was discussed. The dealership is responsible for what they do with any information you give
    them on the phone. We use the call records that we have only for customer service purposes and to keep dealerships
    informed of which calls they have received through us.
You can also, if you wish, choose to receive email alerts from us about vehicles listed on the websites, such as
    price drops or new listings.
We will retain this information for up to 10 years, in case of disputes. Of course, if you have created an account
    with us, then we will also continue to hold the account information you provided for that reason. You can learn more
    about that below.
We do these things either on the basis that they are necessary in order to provide our service, or on the basis of
    our legitimate interest in promoting vehicles listed on our websites.

Browsing our website, CarGurus accounts, and advertising on our website
Cookies and analytics
Our website sets certain “cookies” in your browser and other similar technologies like “beacons”. Some are simply
      used for statistical analysis (e.g. how many people looked at a particular page), or as a technical mechanism to
      let you log in to your account or to allow you to use certain interactive features (like alerts or saved searches)
      without logging in.
For statistical analysis we use the Google Analytics service, which collects this information anonymously,
      allowing us to see trends without identifying individual users. You can learn more about Google Analytics
      here.
Cookies and adverts
We also use cookies and other similar technologies in order to identify your browser or device to our advertising
      partners. We do that to help our advertising partners to target advertisements for our service to you when you are
      browsing on other websites. In a nutshell, the effect of these cookies is that, if you have looked at vehicles on
      our site, it is more likely that adverts for CarGurus will appear when you are browsing on other websites.
The third party adverts which appear on our own sites are chosen according to the content of the pages you view
      on our sites and information about your browsing habits already known to our third party advertising partners; for
      example, if you are looking at a page showing vehicles made by a particular manufacturer, it is likely that the
      adverts appearing on that page will be for that manufacturer. We do not share information about you with the third
      parties who advertise on our site.
We keep the information we gather from analytics cookies for up to 10 years. How long gathered advertising data
      is retained by our advertising partners is determined by them. We can provide further information on request.
For our login and session cookies, we do this on the basis that it is necessary to provide the features of our
      websites that require it.
For our analytics cookies, we do this on the basis of our legitimate interest in understanding how people use and
      interact with our websites.
For our advertising cookies, we do this on the basis of your consent, which we will ask you for in a banner notice
  the first time you visit our website . You do not have to consent to these advertising cookies, and you will still be
  able to use our website if you do not. Our cookie banner provides links to control panels which will allow you to
  withhold consent by changing what our advertising partners do with advertising cookies, or disabling them altogether.
  You can also access these panels at any time in the future if you want to change your mind through the opt-out pages
  of the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance.
Accounts
Certain features of our websites, such as the discussion forums and the “virtual garage”, require you to create
      an account with us. When you do so, we will use the information you provide when you create the account in order
      to administer it, and to give you access to those features.
When you have an account with us, you will also have the option to subscribe to a range of email alerts relating
      to your interactions with us, such as new inventory matching search criteria you specify, and new posts in
      discussion threads that you have followed or replied to. You can control these email alerts through the control
      panel here.
We will keep your account information for as long as your account is active, and for up to 10 years
      afterwards.
We do this on the basis that it is necessary to provide those features of our websites.

The personal data of people working at dealerships
We can come into possession of the personal data of people working at dealerships in a few ways.
For all of our customers and dealerships whose inventory we host, we will have the work contact details of the
    people we work with there to manage that relationship. We will also have work contact details of anyone working at a
    dealership who has attended or enrolled in one or our events or webinars or created an account to interact with our
    tools or services.
In addition, some dealerships provide automated feeds of their inventory via various third party inventory
    syndicators that we subscribe to. As well as details about the available vehicles, those feeds will typically
    contain basic contact details for the dealerships, which can in some circumstances include names and work email
    addresses of individuals at the dealerships whom the dealerships have nominated as sales contacts for the listed
    vehicles.
We use the provided dealership contact details to connect dealerships with consumers making enquiries about the
    vehicles they have listed. We also use them to promote our dealership events and webinars and our premium
    subscription service to the dealerships, via mail, email and phone, and to manage our relationships with them.
We will always remove you from our marketing lists if you ask us to. Typically, the best way to do that is to use
    the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our emails (for marketing emails).
We keep the details of our contacts at dealerships for as long as their inventory is on our site, and for up to 8
    years afterwards.
We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest in connecting consumers looking to buy cars with dealerships
    that have cars for sale, in providing our services to dealerships, in promoting our events and product offerings,
    and in managing our business.

The personal data of people working at other organisations
When we work with other businesses and organisations, such as our advertising customers, we will have the business
    contact details of the relevant people who work there, and we will use them to manage our relationship with those
    businesses and (where relevant) to promote our services to them.
We will also receive the work contact details of people working at actual or potential customers if they attend or
    enrol in an event or webinar that we host. If they are not already customers, we will use those details to provide
    the event or webinar, and to promote our services to them.
We keep information about people working and customers or suppliers for as long as the relevant businesses are
    customers or suppliers (as applicable), and for up to 8 years afterwards, in case of issues or disputes. We also
    keep the information about people working at a prospective customer for as long as that business is a realistic
    prospect, and for up to 8 years afterwards, again in case of issues or disputes.

Other uses of personal data at CarGurus
Fraud prevention
We process personal data ourselves, and share certain personal data with our third party fraud prevention
      partners, in order to detect fraud and to reduce the incidence of fake reviews on our websites. We do that on the
      basis of our legitimate interest in preventing fraud and increasing the reliability of the reviews on our
      websites. We will share information on suspected fraud and illegal activities with the relevant authorities when
      we consider it appropriate.
Third party service providers
We also share personal data with third parties who need it in order to provide services to us in support of the
      purposes described above. For example, we use external providers to host our websites and databases, and to
      operate our email alerts and marketing communications. We also use an external data warehouse provider to store
      and manage for us the data gathered by our advertising cookies.

International transfers of personal data
Most of our operations are based in the USA, and so we do transfer your personal data to the USA for processing
    when the relevant business function resides there. In order to safeguard your rights and freedoms, we have put in
    place contracts with our European subsidiaries in the form approved by the European Commission for these kinds of
    transfers. We can provide you with a copy of those contracts on request.
We have also taken steps to ensure that suppliers to us who handle personal data, especially suppliers of online
    services like hosting, are bound to us by contracts which comply with European data privacy standards, and we fully
    intend to enforce those contracts if necessary to safeguard your rights.

Your rights and how to exercise them
European and/or UK privacy laws give you certain rights in respect of the information that we hold about you. Below
    is a short overview of those rights.

With some exceptions, you have the right to have a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. We may make
      a reasonable charge for additional copies of that data beyond the first copy, based on our administrative costs.
      For data that you have given to us, you have the right to receive your copy of it in a common electronic format,
      and to provide copies of it to other people if you wish.
    
You have the right to have the personal data we hold about you corrected if it is factually inaccurate.
In some circumstances, you have the right to have personal data that we hold about you erased (the “right to be
      forgotten”). This right is not generally available when we still have a valid legal reason to keep the data.
    
You have the right to require us to stop using your personal data for marketing purposes.
You also have the right in some circumstances to request that temporary restrictions are placed on how we
      process your personal data, for example, if we are processing it on the basis of our legitimate interest, and you
      contest our assessment that our interest is not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms.
    
If we are processing your personal data on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw that
      consent at any time, in which case we will stop that processing unless we have another legal basis on which to
      continue.
    

If you want us to stop sending you marketing emails, the quickest and most efficient way is to use the provided
    “unsubscribe” links in our emails (although you can also contact us directly if you prefer). Otherwise, if you want
    to exercise your rights in respect of your personal data, the best way to do so is to contact us by email at privacy@cargurus.com or to write to us at the address above to the
    attention of the General Counsel. In order to protect your privacy, when you contact us we may ask you to prove your
    identity before we take any steps in response to such a request.
In some cases, typically for people who work at dealerships who pay for our products, the actual controller of your
    personal data might be one of our local subsidiaries, but you can always contact CarGurus, Inc. for help or if you
    want to exercise your rights, regardless of which of our group companies is technically the controller.
When CarGurus, Inc. itself is the data controller, CarGurus Ireland Limited of First Floor, Styne House, Upper
    Hatch Street, Dublin 2, Ireland is our representative in Europe for data privacy purposes, and you can also contact
    them if you have questions or concerns.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about our handling of your personal data with your local data
    protection authority, which is:

In the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office (http://ico.org.uk)
    
In the Republic of Ireland, the Data Protection Commissioner (https://dataprotection.ie)

In Germany, the data protection commissioner for your home state
In Italy, the Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali (http://www.garanteprivacy.it).
    
In Spain, the Agencia Española de Protección de Datos (https://www.agpd.es/)
    


