
Aurora's Privacy Policy
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Aurora Data
Recovery AB (aurora) collects personal information. It applies to
information we collect about:

visitors to our websites
order forms
people who use our data recovery services
people who purchase hard disk drives
job applicants and our current and former employees

Visitors to our websites
When someone visits aurora.se 
our LINUX based WEBsite produced standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns just as every commercial website does. We could use this information this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site and at different times of the day. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting any of aurora's international websites. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any other source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, as is the case when filling in an order form, we do NOT store any data on our web servers
Use of cookies by aurora
Aurora Data recovery use only two Cookies: one to remember your preferred language selection and the second to remember if you are (an anonymous)  private person or a company visitor
Use of Search engine
Our website search is scripted by aurora and does not store the visitors identity. Search queries and results are logged anonymously to help us improve our website keywords and search functionality. No user-specific data is collected by either aurora or any third party.
People who call our helpline
When you call aurora's data recovery helpline we collect CallingLine Identification (CLI) information. We also make a note of the nature of the the inquiry, together with the advice offered. We use this information to help improve our efficiency to help you, the caller.
People who email us
Certain email sent to us, including any attachments, may be stored. Such examples would be commercial documents, orders, delivery information, price lists   Email monitoring or blocking software (anti-spam or anti-virus applications) will also be used. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send to us is within the bounds of the law.
If customers should make a complaint to us
If we were to receive a written complaint from a customer we would make up a file containing the details of the complaint. This normally contains the identity of the complainant and any other individuals involved in the complaint.We will only use the personal information we collect to process the complaint and to check on the action taken. 
We usually have to disclose the complainants identity to whomever the complaint is directed. This is inevitable where, for example, the accuracy of a persons record is in dispute. If a complainant doesn't want information identifying him or her to be disclosed, we will try to respect that. However, it may not be possible to handle a complaint on an anonymous basis.
We will keep personal information contained in complaint files in line with our retention policy. This means that information relating to a complaint will be retained for two years from closure. It will be retained in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted according to the need to know principle.Similarly, where inquiries are submitted to us we will only use the information supplied to us to deal with the inquiry and any subsequent issues and to check on the level of service we provide.
When we take enforcement action against someone, we may publish the identity of the defendant in our Annual Report or elsewhere. Usually we do not  identify any complainants unless the details have already been made public.
People who use auroras data recovery services
Aurora offers various services to the public.
We have to hold the details of the people who have requested our service in order to provide it. However, we only use these details to provide the service the person has requested and for other closely related purposes.
When customers fill in their order forms, they are asked to provide their contact details for obvious reasons.
When we request information as part of the registration process, we make it clear where the provision of information is required and where it is voluntary.
Service providers reporting a breach
In order to attain the highest possible level of security, Aurora store no customer data whatsoever on the Internet, in "clouds" or on our website. For that reason customers data cannot be hacked since it is nowhere on-line.
Job applicants, current and former aurora employees
When individuals apply to work at aurora, we will only use the information they supply to us to process their application and to monitor recruitment statistics. Where we want to disclose information to a third party, for example where we want to take up a reference or obtain a disclosure from the Criminal Records Bureau we will not do so without informing them beforehand unless the disclosure is required by law.
Personal information about unsuccessful candidates will be held for 12 months after the recruitment exercise has been completed, it will then be destroyed or deleted. We retain de-personalised statistical information about applicants to help inform our recruitment activities, but no individuals are identifiable from that data.
Once a person has taken up employment with aurora, we will compile a file relating to their employment. The information contained in this will be kept secure and will only be used for purposes directly relevant to that persons employment. Once their employment with Aurora has ended, we will retain the file in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish tax authorities.
Disclosure of personal information
In most circumstances we will not disclose personal data without consent. However when we investigate a complaint, or in legal conflicts arising out of non-payment for our data recovery services, we will need to share personal information with our legal advisors and with other relevant bodies.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on the 28th of May 2018.
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us or write to:
Aurora Data Recovery AB
Brovägen 9, 3tr
SE-182 76 STOCKSUND
SWEDEN


