Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
National Crime Check Pty Ltd (NCC, we, us, our) is committed to respecting the privacy of your personal and sensitive information. We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and any other applicable Australian laws.
 
Data protection and information security is of the utmost importance to NCC, so you can have trust and confidence in dealing with our organisation.
 
This document provides a clear set of guidelines so that you can understand how we manage your personal information, the steps we take to protect your privacy as well as how, when and where we may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information. It covers all personal information provided by you or your job applicants and employees, as well as other individuals who have given their written consent to us to conduct a police history check.
 
Back to top‘Personal Information’ and ‘Sensitive Information’ Defined
Personal information means information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion is true or not and recorded in a material form or not. 
 
Personal information may include, but is not limited to, career information, residential addresses, drivers licence number, passport number, date of birth, place of birth and any other government ID numbers.
 
Sensitive information means information or an opinion about, amongst other things, an individual’s criminal record that is also personal information or health information about an individual.
 
References to personal information in this policy include sensitive information except where indicated otherwise.
 
We will reasonably ensure that personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up to date.
 
As a user of our system, you will be able to confirm that the information that you or your applicants have provided is true and correct prior to submitting the data.
 
Back to topWhat personal information do we collect and hold?
The personal information we collect and hold about you or your applicants is information that you or your applicants choose to tell us in the national police checking service application/consent form, or which you or your applicants authorise us to obtain. This information may include you or your applicant’s name, address, date of birth, contact details, drivers licence details, passport details, or any other information you provide to us or authorise us to obtain.
 
Sensitive information we may collect and hold about you or your applicants is criminal history information. Where we receive unsolicited personal information, we will destroy the information in a prompt and timely manner. Under no instance will we keep unsolicited information, as all information will be received from you with you or your applicant’s consent or authorisation (as applicable).
 
Back to topWhy and how do we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information?
We collect, hold, use and disclose you or your applicant’s personal information for the purposes of:
 


being able to lodge an application for and receive the results of a police check through the National Police Checking Service;


for proof of identity purposes;


providing the results of these searches to any person you or your applicants authorise us to; and


any other purpose we explain when the personal information was collected and for any purpose that is directly related to these purposes that would reasonably be expected by the individual concerned.


 
We only collect personal information about an individual where the information is reasonably necessary for one or more of the above functions.
 
You consent to us using and disclosing personal information for these purposes or any other purpose we obtain consent for.
 
All personal information will be collected lawfully, fairly and not in an intrusive way.
 
Back to topHow we hold and protect your personal information
We store personal information we collect in relation to you or your applicants in various ways, including in electronic form using third party data storage providers.
 
We take data security very seriously. All information that is stored electronically is password protected on secure servers.
 
Our aim is to ensure that all personal information is securely protected from misuse, loss, and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure by way of maintaining:
 


physical security by preventing unauthorised access to our premises;


computer network security, including password security to prevent unauthorised access;


communication security; and


limiting access to authorised staff and contractors of NCC.


When personal information is no longer needed we will take reasonable steps to destroy and/or de-identify that information.
 
We have current security measures in place to prevent unauthorised use of our police check service including:
 


capturing IP addresses,


capturing payment information, and


verification of ID and signatures.


Back to topWhy will we disclose information to another organisation?
We will disclose your information only in accordance with the professional services we provide as described above.
 
We want to provide our customers with the very best products and services.  At times we may partner with other organisations to support the products and services we offer. Some of our service providers that provide services to us are provided entirely or partly from overseas locations. We may transfer personal information overseas to effectively deliver services to you.
 
For example we may partner with a third party provider who is able to determine the authenticity of your identity documents to ensure that your proof of identity requirements are met as efficiently as possible. In addition, we may partner with a third party provider who is able to monitor that emails sent to you has not bounced back thus increasing our communication efficiency. 
 
We may disclose personal information to overseas recipients for the purposes of using or liaising with verification sources as well as monitoring our emails sent and received. This information may include you or your applicant’s name, address, date of birth, contact details, drivers licence details, passport details, or such other information we notify to you. As at the date of this policy the recipients will be located in the United States of America although the countries in which these recipients are located may change over time.
National Crime Check uses Google Analytics User-ID  tracking. This tracking does not contain any sensitive or private information. If you do not want to be tracked in this way, contact support  to be opted out.
 
Back to topHow can you access to your personal information and correct it if it is wrong?
If necessary, your or your applicants may request access to the personal information that we hold about you or them (as applicable), under Australian Privacy Principles 12 and 13. We will provide this information upon request or otherwise as required by law.
 
If the applicant is able to establish that the information we hold about them is not accurate, complete or up to date, and the applicant requests us in writing to correct this information, we will then take reasonable steps to correct the information.
 
Under freedom of information (FOI) you have a right, with limited exceptions, to access documents held by NCC. A FOI request can take up to 30 days to process.
The Freedom of Information Act 1982 (FOI Act) gives any person the right to:


access copies of documents (except exempt documents) we hold


ask for information we hold about you to be changed or annotated if it is incomplete, out of date, incorrect or misleading, and


seek a review of our decision not to allow you access to a document or not to amend your personal record


You can ask to see any document that we hold. We can refuse access to some documents, or parts of documents that are exempt. Exempt documents may include those relating to national security, documents containing material obtained in confidence and or other matters set out in the FOI Act.
 
If you wish to access information we hold about you please put your request in writing and send it to:
Privacy OfficerNational Crime Check Pty LtdPO Box 10091Adelaide BC 5000
 
Our Privacy Officer can also be contacted on:
Email: support@nationalcrimecheck.com.au
Phone: 1800 080 095
 
Back to topWhat are ‘cookies’ and how do they work?
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded from our web servers and stored on your hard drive.
 
A cookie is a string of letters and numbers that uniquely identify the computer you are using and the Username and password you may have used to register at the site. This enables the website to track the pages you have visited.
 
Most browsers can be configured to refuse to accept cookies.  You can also delete cookies from your hard drive. However, doing so may hinder your access to valuable areas of information within our site.
 
Back to topWhat if I have a complaint?
If you have a complaint about our dealings with personal information, this policy or an alleged breach of the Australian Privacy Principles you have the right to expect that we will handle it in a friendly and professional way.
 
When we receive a complaint we look on it as valuable feedback that may help us to improve the services we offer and to ensure your needs are met in a satisfactory and appropriate manner.
 
If you wish to complain at any time about the handling, use or disclosure of your personal information just write to us at the following address:
Privacy OfficerNational Crime Check Pty LtdPO Box 10091Adelaide BC 5000
 
Our Privacy Officer can also be contacted on:
Email: support@nationalcrimecheck.com.au
Phone: 1800 080 095
 
We will make all efforts possible to investigate your complaint within 20 days and advise you of the outcome as soon as possible within 40 days of you making the complaint.
 
If the matter is not resolved to your satisfaction you can then refer your complaint to the Director of Compliance (Investigations) at the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner who can be contacted at:
Office of the Australian Information CommissionerGPO Box 5218Sydney NSW 2001
 
Changes to this Privacy Policy
 
We reserve the right to change, modify or update this privacy policy at any time, without liability to you, by posting the revised version on our website. The revised version shall take effect immediately upon posting. You should therefore refer to this privacy policy on our website regularly.
