
Data protection
Kingston University endeavours to comply fully with the Data Protection Act 1998 in its handling of personal data. We aim to keep your data safely and securely and to use them only for stated purposes. Details of the University's Notification to the Information Commissioner setting out brief details of how we use your data can be found by clicking on the following link and entering "Kingston University" in the Name field: www.ico.org.uk/ESDWebPages/search.asp.
Where you give us personal data through the website in order for us to provide you with a service, your data will be used in connection with that service. In some cases we may hold data for use in connection with future contacts you may make with the University. For example, data obtained during the recruitment process may be linked with data subsequently collected if you enrol as a student.
We do not sell or give your data to other organisations for marketing purposes. We may use your data to make you aware of similar services to those you may have used or enquired about and for advertising and retargeting purposes. We will offer you the opportunity to decline such future contact.
We may pass some of your data to other organisations if this is required by law, is necessary for the prevention or detection of crime or is necessary in order to provide particular services to you. In particular it may be necessary to share data with organisations (such as other colleges and universities) that we work in partnership with or which are involved in student funding services (such as local authorities and the Student Loans Company) or other collaborative arrangements. Note that the Faculty of Health, Social Care and Education is a joint faculty with St George's, University of London, and that institution may also have access to Faculty-held data. Under the government funding regulations and/or by law, the University is required to share some personal data with government departments or agencies acting on their behalf.
The University collects the personal data of prospective students, whenever enquiries are made (this includes any method of enquiry). Your personal data will be transferred to and stored by Uni-Quest which is an international educational services company.
In submitting your details by making an enquiry or applying for a degree course at the University,  you are consenting to your data being held by Uni-Quest Ltd, on behalf of Kingston University. Your data will be used for the purposes of dealing with your application and any enquiries you may submit about your application, as well as sending you relevant information about Kingston University. Uni-Quest Ltd will process your data in accordance with the Data Protection Act.
If you wish to stop your data being shared with Uni-Quest, please contact Uni-Quest Ltd at: Cargo Works, 1-2 Hatfields, Waterloo, London, SE1 9PG, United Kingdom or email the International Office at international@kingston.ac.uk. To access the Uni-Quest Ltd website (UK), please click on the following link:
Some data collected may be used for our own research purposes in anonymous and non-attributable form.
Please note that in most cases the University is unable to disclose information about students in response to third party requests (including those made by parents) without the prior written consent of the individual concerned, unless it is necessary to do so in order to comply with legal requirements or to prevent or detect crime.
You have the right under the Act to request copies of personal data relating to yourself that are held by the University, subject to a charge of £10. Such requests should be made in writing to the address below, accompanied by a cheque for £10 made payable to "Kingston University". It is helpful if you can provide information that may assist us in our search for the data that you are seeking, such as your University ID number, or details of departments with which you may have had contact. On receipt of these, the University will send you copies of data as soon as possible, and in any event within 40 days, provided exemptions specified by the Act do not apply.

Data Protection Officer Kingston University River House, 53-57 High Street Kingston upon Thames Surrey KT1 1LQ

Any queries in relation to data protection issues or the use of data by the University should be addressed to the University's Data Protection Officer.
You may find the following links of use:
Analytics
When you use the website, information about the IP address and browser that your computer is using will be made known to us. We may use such information to monitor how our websites are used, which pages are visited and how often visits are made.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. which uses cookies to help us analyse how this site is used.
Below are some examples of data collected automatically through Google Analytics from all users:

the Internet protocol (IP) address
computer and connection information such as browser type and      version, operating system, and platform
Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click stream data, including date      and time, and content viewed or searched for on the site

The University may also generate statistics on operating systems that are in use on PCs across the University campuses.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Web enquiry forms
You may be asked to provide personal information to obtain specific information or gain access to specific services of the University. By supplying such information you consent to the University storing the information for the stated purpose.
We may contact you to provide further information about the University that may help you in your recruitment and enrolment process.
The information is held by the University in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are sent from the web server to your computer via your browser. They are then stored in your computer as text files and passed back to the server. Cookies are generally used to identify users and on occasion, prepare customised web pages for them. Cookies may remain on your computer merely for the duration of the session (visit) or they may remain indefinitely. Most standard web browsers may be configured to refuse cookies. 
The Kingston University and our approved agents make use of Google Analytics to produce anonymised statistics on website usage to help us to improve our website and our users' experience. Google Analytics uses cookies in the process.
Google may transfer the collected information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purpose set out above.
For further information on how the University uses cookies please contact our Marketing Team:

Marketing Team  Kingston University, Kingston Hill, Kingston upon Thames, Surrey KT2 7LB 

Advertising cookies
We also use cookies for advertising, remarketing and retargeting purposes across all audiences, social media and web. This enables us to serve more relevant advertising as well as helping to improve our site for users. These include both Facebook and Google. Google uses cookies like NID and SID to help customise advertising on Google properties, like Google Search.
The cookies used in this process remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions without website, search results and engagement with our advertising. This helps us to show you tailored advertising on Google based on your interests.
To opt-out from Googles remarketing programme, please edit your Google Ad settings.
We also use cookies for advertising we produce across the web. Some of our other cookies may be used to measure conversion as well.
We use third-party platforms, such as DoubleClick Bid Manager to carry out our retargeting activities.
Note: We do not use cookies to collect Personal Data unless you have opted in to receive more personalised marketing from us.
We work with Net Natives and Akero Labs to deliver our advertising. Their policies details can be found here: http://netnatives.com/privacy-policy/ and https://akerolabs.com/privacy-policy/
Electronic payments
Where our website provides facilities for electronic payments the data collected through these pages will be securely encrypted for your protection. You need to take care when entering details such as credit card data to ensure that your details cannot be seen by others standing near to you. You should be particularly careful if using a computer in a public place such as a library or internet cafe. When you make electronic payments your data will be transferred to the appropriate finance company for verification and in order for the payment to be made to us. When you have finished the transaction ensure that you have signed off from our site so that another user cannot return to your details.
Links to other websites
This privacy policy only covers pages within the Kingston University website and associated websites with the kingston.ac.uk domain. It does not extend to sites to which a link is provided from the University site. Nor does it necessarily apply to subsidiary companies of the University unless their own site states that this is the case. 
