
OpticsPlanet specializes in shipping internationally and aspires to make the process as simple as possible for our customers. Most of our products can be shipped to almost any destination worldwide. For all customers with either an international billing or shipping address in their order, please read the following and  via phone or email should you have any questions.
Shipping
OpticsPlanet ships internationally to almost any destination worldwide.
All international shipping options utilize a mix of reliable carriers to ensure your order is delivered in a secure and timely manner. After the order is placed, the system automatically selects the most efficient shipping method based on destination, size, and weight.
For a complete summary of available shipping options, please view our International Shipping Options Page.
Please make sure to check your local laws, rules and regulations in regards to all custom/brokerage fees, duties, taxes and restrictions imposed on goods imported into the country of destination as all fees mentioned above are the responsibility of the recipient and not OpticsPlanet. All costs incurred on a refused delivery because of high custom or brokerage fees, duties, taxes or restrictions imposed by the country of destination are the responsibility of the customer.
Please note that some products are prohibited from shipping internationally and/or may require additional authorization from the U.S. Government or our suppliers. Sometimes, this is due to contractual restrictions by our manufacturing partners. In other cases, restrictions are imposed by the U.S. Government. For more details, please read our Export Policy and Export Restrictions. We will notify you if there are any restrictions which prevent your order from shipping.
For more specific information on our international shipping policies, please review our Shipping Policy Information Page.
Returns
OpticsPlanet allows returns on international orders for an exchange or refund within 30 days of merchandise receipt. All exchanges and returns require the completion of a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) form that is only active for 10 days from the date of submission. Please promptly ship the product back to us to meet this timeframe. In addition, please note that OpticsPlanet is not responsible for any shipping charges incurred in returning the merchandise to us or for any shipping charges associated with your new order.
For more information, please review our Return Policy Information Page.
Order Verification
OpticsPlanet takes the security of our customers' financial information very seriously. All international orders regardless of payment method are subject to our order verification process. By limiting fraudulent transactions and verifying order information ahead of time, we are able to provide consistently low prices and superior service, while maintaining the security of the ordering process and limiting unnecessary expenses. Please be aware that there may be a slight delay in the processing of your order while the order details are being verified.
OpticsPlanet reserves the right to validate any order through a variety of tools and methods available to us. OpticsPlanet may require additional information from the customer in order to confirm that all received information is verifiable and legitimate prior to clearance. Orders will not be processed prior to being confirmed valid.
Payment Options
OpticsPlanet accepts most major credit cards, PayPal, checks, money orders, wire transfers, purchase orders and gift certificates. For more detailed information on our payment option policies, please read our Payment Options Policy Information Page.
Pricing
Please note that pricing and availability are subject to change without notice. All prices listed are in U.S. dollars. For more detailed information on our pricing policies, please review our Pricing Policy.
Order Cancellation 
If you wish to cancel your order for any reason, please  as soon as possible. As a vast majority of in-stock items ship within 24 hours from an Illinois based distribution center, it is imperative that you contact us so we may attempt to cancel your order before it is processed and/or shipped. For more detailed information on our order cancellation policies, please review our Order Cancellation Information Page.
Please feel free to  via phone or email if you have any questions.