The Australian Capital Territory Government has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting personal privacy. We seek to adhere to the Guidelines for Federal and ACT Government World Wide Websites developed by the Australian Privacy Commissioner. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us.
Information collected
When you browse our web site, our system automatically makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:

your server address
top level domain name (e.g. .com, .net, .gov, .au etc.)
the type of browser and operating system you used
date and time of your visit
the previous site visited
which pages are accessed
the time spent on individual pages and the site overall
which files were downloaded.

In addition, this website uses the Hotjar web analytics service. Hotjar may record mouse clicks, mouse movements and scrolling activity. Hotjar collects information regarding pages visited, actions which are taken, country, device used, operating system, and browser used. Hotjar does not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. Hotjar does not track your browsing habits across web sites which do not use Hotjar services.
No attempt will be made to identify individual users except in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency (e.g. Australian Federal Police) exercises a warrant to inspect our service provider's log files. This information is analysed to determine the web site's usage statistics.
We collect no personal information about you unless you choose to take part in an activity that asks for information, such as:

sending an email
participating in a survey
undertaking a payment or other transaction
suggesting a link.

If you choose not to take part in these kinds of activities your ability to use the website won’t be affected.
Use of personal information collected
Any personal information you provide will only be used for the purpose for which it was provided and will not be disclosed to other people or organisations without your consent. The Internet is an insecure medium and users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet. Information submitted unencrypted via email or web forms may be at risk of being intercepted, read or modified. If you do not wish to email or send an online form to the Australian Capital Territory Government, you can send a letter to VisitCanberra, GPO Box 158, Canberra City ACT 2601.
MailChimp and privacy consent
Please note, this statement only relates to subscribers of the e-newsletter.
[To provide our e-newsletter to you] we use MailChimp, a reputable company* which provides online platforms that can be used to create, send, and manage emails. In providing this service, MailChimp may collect personal information, such as distribution lists which contain email addresses that Members have sent, or intend to send, emails to, and all information relating to those email addresses. For further information about the type of personal information MailChimp collects, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
MailChimp will use this information for the purpose of hosting the online platform to enable members (such as VisitCanberra) to create, send and manage emails. MailChimp will also use this information to measure their Email Campaign’s performance and to improve the features for specific segments of customers, evaluate your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. MailChimp may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on MailChimp's behalf. MailChimp uses cookies, Web Beacons and Flash player code to collect information about when you visit the website, when you use the services, your browser type and version, your operating system, and other similar information.
As MailChimp is based in the United States of America (USA) and the information generated by cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by MailChimp on servers located outside Australia, we are required to inform you that by subscribing to our e-newsletter:

you consent to your personal information being collected, used, disclosed and stored as set out in MailChimp’s Privacy Policy and agree to abide by MailChimp’s Terms of Use;
you understand and acknowledge that this service utilises a MailChimp platform, which is located in the United States of America (USA) and relevant legislation of the USA will apply. Accordingly, the Information Privacy Act 2014 (ACT) will not apply; and
you understand and acknowledge that MailChimp is not subject to the Information Privacy Act 2014 (ACT) and you will not be able to seek redress under the Information Privacy Act 2014 (ACT) but will need to seek redress under the laws of the USA.

You can opt out of our e-newsletter if you chose the ‘unsubscribe’ service provided by MailChimp in every email, or contact VisitCanberra. You can also disable or refuse cookies or disable Flash player; however, you may not be able to use the services provided by MailChimp if cookies are disabled. Should you wish to contact MailChimp, you can find contact details on Contact MailChimp page.
* MailChimp has the endorsement of TRUSTe's Privacy Seal, which means this privacy policy has been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with their program requirements including transparency, accountability, and choice related to the collection and use of your Personal Information. TRUSTe is an independent third party that operates a globally-recognized privacy trustmark.
This site contains links to external web sites. The Australian Capital Territory Government is not necessarily responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. For more information, refer to our disclaimer statement.
Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies and JavaScript code to enable analysis on usage of this website. The data collected about your use of this website, (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on Google's servers. Google will use this data for the purpose of compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google will not collect personal information about you and the reports provided by Google to us will only contain aggregate non personal data about your use of this website. (These reports may contain data relating to pages viewed, files downloaded or the completion of online subscriptions). We will use the data collected by Google Analytics to improve how this website functions. For example we can use the data to check whether customers are having problems finding information and make access to information as easy as we can.
Google may transfer this data to third parties where required to do so by law, or where third parties process this data on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any personal information you may have previously provided to Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note that if you do this, you may not be able to fully use this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
