
Privacy  Policy 
Quickpark  would like to assure you that we are committed to protecting the privacy of all  our users. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is  to inform you of the data relating to you that we collect and use in connection  with this website and the uses (including disclosures to third parties) we make  of such data. We will ensure that the information you provide us with is kept private  and confidential, and we will only use it to provide the services you request.
Requirement to Provide Personal Data
You are  not under a contractual or statutory obligation to provide us with any personal  data
Personal Data that Quickpark Collect and Process
When you  complete a booking, sign up to our newsletter, consult with our service team,  send us an email, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving  us information that we collect. That information may include: 

your name and contact details, including your  postal address, phone number and e-mail address;
your user ID and password to your account on our  website;
your credit/debit card or bank account details;
your contact preferences;
any other information relating to you that you  provide to us or that we generate about you in connection with your use of the  website.

By giving  us this information, you consent to this information being collected, used,  disclosed, transferred or stored by us or our third-party providers as  described in this privacy policy. In the interest of your privacy, we only  collect, use and retain information reasonably required for our legitimate  business interests, such as processing bookings and queries or providing you  with marketing materials.
Non Personal Data we Collect
In  addition when you browse the website or make a purchase, we may automatically  collect information about your visit by using cookies. The following  non-personal information may be retained about that visit:

your device type
the search engine used to access the website
how you came to the website
how you interacted with the website

Most non-personal information is collected via cookies or other analysis  technologies. This information may be used to monitor or improve website performance  or deliver targeted advertising. Information from the cookie alone generally  will not identify you personally and we will not use this information in  connection with any personally identifiable information you have provided.
Use of Cookies
The website  uses cookies to help us improve the experience  we provide on our website. 
Cookies are small text files that are added to your browser to track usage of our site. Collecting  this data allows us to understand our customers needs  as described in this policy.
 By continuing to use our website without changing your settings,  you are giving your consent to our use of cookies. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time. To find out how to do this, see the 'Help' menu on your browser. Please note that if you turn off cookies or change your settings, some features of the website may not work correctly.
How Quickpark use the Data we Collect
Quickpark uses your personal data  for the following:

to provide you with products or services 
to help us better understand your needs and interests. 
to help you complete a transaction or order
to communicate with you
to provide service and support
to update you on services and benefits
to personalise promotional offers 

We will give you the opportunity  to choose your privacy preferences regarding such communications.
Credit card information is used  only for payment processing and fraud prevention. Credit card information is  not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or Quickpark.
Non-personal information is  aggregated for reporting about Quickpark website usability, performance and  effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and  website content.
Information Quickpark Shares with Third Party  Providers
We may share your personally identifiable information with service  providers including:

Payment processors for secure credit card  payment transaction.
Email service providers to send you emails  pertaining to your booking. Such providers may send emails of a marketing  nature if you have agreed to receive such newsletters. 
Advertising partners who may use email address,  cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons, to  gather information about your activities on our website and other sites to  provide you with targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and  interests.
Our business partners, suppliers, and  sub-contractors, for the performance of any contract we enter into with them.  We may also share your data with analytics and search engine providers that  assist us in the improvement of our website.
Legal authorities when we believe in good faith  that we are lawfully authorised or required to do so or when necessary to do so  to protect the rights and safety of Quickpark, employees and users from  fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate or unlawful use of our services. 

Non-personal information may be aggregated for optimal website  utilisation
Keeping your information secure
Quickpark is committed to  protecting the information you provide. In particular we take steps to prevent  unauthorised access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the  appropriate use of the information we collect.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect Personal  Information from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration  and destruction, considering the risks involved in the processing and the  nature of the personal information. We implement a variety of security measures  when a user makes a booking, enters, submits, or accesses their information to  maintain the safety of your personal information.

		  Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only  accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to  such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In  addition, all sensitive/credit card information you supply is encrypted via  Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. All transactions are processed through a  gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers. If a security  breach causes an unauthorised intrusion into our system that materially affects  you, then Quickpark will notify you as soon as possible and later report the  action we took in response.
Retention of Personal Data 
We will not hold your personal  data for longer than is necessary. We retain your personal data for as long as  we need it for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, or to comply  with our obligations under applicable law and, if relevant, to deal with any  claim or dispute that might arise between you and us.
Access to and accuracy of your information
Quickpark  strives to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented  technology, management processes and policies to maintain customer data  accuracy. We will provide you with access to your information, including making  reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to  change your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also  take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID,  before granting access to your data.
Third Party Websites
Any  information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media  platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot  control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the  platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are  governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them..Our  website includes links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be  different from ours. If you submit personally identifiable information to any  of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We  encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Individual Rights
You have the following rights, in certain circumstances and subject to  certain restrictions, in relation to your personal data:

the right to access your personal data;
the right to request the rectification and/or  erasure of your personal data;
the right to restrict the use of your personal  data;
the right to object to the processing of your  personal data;
where our processing of your personal data is  based on you having provided consent, the right to withdraw your consent to the  processing at any time.

If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, or have  comments or questions about our Privacy Statement, please contact us at:
Data Controller
		  Quickpark
		  Unit 20
		  Western Industrial Estate
		  Naas Road
		  Dublin 12
Your Marketing Choices 
The good news is you have ultimate control over  your personal data. If you don’t want us to send you relevant offers or  marketing information you can opt out at any time.
		  To opt-out of receiving communications you have expressly requested  (such as e-mail newsletters, software updates, etc.), use any of the following  methods:

Select the e-mail "opt-out" or  "unsubscribe" link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in  each subscription communication
Return to the Web page(s) where you originally registered  your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions
In writing to Quickpark Data Controller

Changes to Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this privacy policy, which come into effect upon  updating this page. We recommend reviewing this privacy policy so you are aware  of any changes that affect what you are consenting to by interacting with the  website. The latest revision of the policy was prepared in May 2018.
 

