
Privacy policy
Last Updated: April 2018
Afilias Technologies Limited (“we”, “us” and/or “our”)
Please read this privacy statement carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
Introduction
We fully respect your right to privacy and are committed to protecting it.
Any personal information which you submit via the website will be treated in accordance with the EU General Data Privacy Regulation and this privacy statement.
Some of the technical terms used in this privacy statement are explained at the bottom of this page.
Your acceptance of our privacy statement
By accessing and/or using this website, you (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any entity or person on whose behalf you are acting) explicitly agree to the privacy statement set out below and agree that you fully understand it.
If you do not agree, or are not comfortable, with any aspect of this privacy statement, your only option and remedy is to immediately discontinue use of this website.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement from time to time without notice to you. Each time you access and/or use this website you will be bound by the then current privacy statement. For this reason, you should review the privacy statement each time you access and/or use this website.
Information we collect
We may request you to provide information to us on this website for the following reasons:

To provide product information
To give access to products and trials
To give access to reports, whitepapers, eBooks' or marketing materials
For order fulfillment
To set up a user account on this site
To arrange to meet with us at events

We may request that you provide details such as:

your name
email address
company
phone number
your areas of interest
your job function

This information is used by us for the purpose for which you provided it.
Billing Information
We may request billing information when you purchase applications or services. Any credit card information you provide will be processed by our payment processor services Realex and Paypal. We do not receive or store your full credit card information. Realex and Paypal comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
How we use the information we collect
We will communicate with you via email to process any request you make to access products and/or services from this website including:

To provide login details for user accounts
To provide licence key information
To provide licence expiry notices
To provide information regarding the functioning of the product
To provide access to device data, whitepapers, eBooks, guides or other marketing materials

We may send you information regarding how the product is used, best practice, product news and updates which may include promotions for ancillary products. You will have the choice to opt out of receiving further communications not essential to the functioning of the product on each communication of this type.
Third party service providers

We may store information collected on this website on the servers of third party services providers, whose services we use to manage, process and analyse data on website visitors
We may share your personal information with our business partners who offer a service to you jointly with us. You will always be made aware before submitting your data if this is the case
We do not sell or rent any data collected to any third parties

Disclosure of personal information
We do not disclose any information which you submit via the website to any third parties without your consent (unless obliged or permitted to disclose such information by a rule of law).
You acknowledge and agree that in certain circumstances we may be obliged to disclose personal information you submit to third parties, for example, in order to conform to any requirements of law or to comply with any legal process, as well as to protect and defend our rights.
We reserve the right to transfer ownership of the website (including personal information you submit) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of us, a subsidiary or line of business associated with us.
External websites
This website contains links to external websites. We are not responsible for and cannot control the content or privacy practices of other websites. These websites may have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to their websites.
Use of cookies
This website uses cookies to track of interactions with the website including whether a user has used a password to log in.
			It enables the system to automatically log out users after a certain period of time or force the user to log in again if the user closes the web page and then starts it up again.
			This is to prevent third parties from gaining unauthorised access to a user’s account and is for users' own protection.
We also use cookies to record interactions with our website and emails and this data may be used in combination with any data you supply when requesting products or services through the website for sales and marketing purposes.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies.
			However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website.
			Unless you have adjusted your browser so that it will refuse cookies, our systems will issue cookies when you log on to our website.
Internet Advertising
We may use third-party advertising service vendors such as Google, LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter to serve advertisements about our products. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this site and other sites you have visited. In doing so, these vendors may collect data such as your browser type, operating system, web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed and other clickstream data.
The use of cookies, web beacons or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies. Users can opt out of cookies used for advertising. 
Children
Our products are not intended for use by children. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children.
Your rights to your data
You have a right to be given a copy of your personal data which is held by us.
You also have a right to have inaccurate personal information relating to you which is held by us corrected. You may also request the deletion of your personal information held by us.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the email subject or letter subject ‘DeviceAtlas Data Protection / Legal’ at:
Afilias


						4th Floor
International House
							3 Harbourmaster Place
IFSC
Dublin 1
Ireland


					E-mail: legal [at] afilias.info
You should include with any such request any personal identifiers which you supplied earlier via the website (e.g. name; address; phone number; e-mail address, password) or otherwise.
We reserve the right to request you to provide additional information in order to enable us to identify your personal information and/or to verify your identity. If such information is required, this may affect the timeline within which we deal with your request.
Security
We take our security responsibilities seriously, employing appropriate physical, organisational and technical measures. We review our security policy regularly.
Use of Internet
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Further, communicating via the Internet and other electronic means necessarily involves personal information passing through or being handled by third parties such as our Internet service provider.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. We will implement security procedures once your personal information is received.
Governing law and jurisdiction
This privacy statement and all issues regarding this website are governed by Irish law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, our practices relating to this website or your dealing with this website you can contact us at the following address:
E-mail: legal [at] afilias.info
Glossary of Technical Terms
Cookies: Small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website. Cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can "remember" you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the website.
Thank you for visiting our website.

