
Privacy Statement
Introduction
Data Protection is the safeguarding of the privacy rights of individuals in relation to the processing   of   personal   data.   The Data Protection Acts 1988 - 2018 (the “Data Protections Acts”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) No 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) (the GDPR and the Data Protection Acts together “Data Protection Law”) confer rights on individuals as well as placing increased responsibilities on those persons and organisations that process personal data. The Food Safety Authority of Ireland (FSAI) collects and processes data (information) about individuals who come in contact with the organisation. 
The purposes for processing data are the legal and regulatory responsibilities outlined in the Food Safety Authority of Ireland Act 1998 which include, but are not limited to: the organisation and administration of research activities; investigations and audits; promoting public awareness and understanding of the risks, rules, safeguards and rights in relation to food safety; handling complaints lodged by members of the public and cooperating with (which includes sharing information with) other food safety authorities, government departments, and other EU Member States. 
As part of a continuing commitment to applicable Data Protection Law, the FSAI has appointed a Data Protection Officer to be responsible for data protection and your privacy. If you have any queries in relation to this Privacy Statement, please contact the Data Protection Officer at:
 
or alternatively you may address written correspondence to:

Data Protection Officer, Food Safety Authority of Ireland, The Exchange, George's Dock, IFSC, Dublin, D01 P2V6.

When the term 'we' is used in this Privacy Statement, it refers to the FSAI as operator of the website.  In order to provide you with information and services, we will need to collect and use information about you. We are committed to protecting your privacy and managing your personal information in a secure environment in accordance with Data Protection Law. The FSAI website has been developed with your rights and needs in mind and will be maintained according to strict guidelines and policies. In particular, FSAI will ensure that personal information is processed in accordance with applicable Data Protection Law.  This Privacy Statement applies to all personal data collected via the FSAI website and other services and products offered by FSAI, including “MenuCal” and “SafetyNet”. By using our website and related services (including MenuCal and SafetyNet), you accept the practices described in this Privacy Statement.  We may update our Privacy Statement from time to time to take account of changing requirements such as changes in technology or legislation. 
Purpose of this Privacy Statement 
This policy is a statement of FSAI’s commitment to protecting the rights and privacy of individuals in accordance with the Data Protection Law.
The data subject rights which you can exercise, if applicable, are:

The right to be informed about how we collect and process your personal data (Articles 12 - 14 of the GDPR)
The right to access information (Article 15 of the GDPR)
The right to rectification (Articles 16 & 19 of the GDPR)
The right to erasure (Articles 17 & 19 of the GDPR)
The right to data portability (Article 20 of the GDPR)
The right to object to processing of personal data (Article 21 of the GDPR)
The right of restriction (Article 18 of the GDPR) and,
Rights in relation to automated decision making, including profiling (Article 22 of the GDPR).

Where personal data is kept by the FSAI for the performance of its statutory functions, the rights of data subjects provided for in Articles 12 to 22, 34 and 5 of GDPR, and the corresponding obligations of the FSAI, may be restricted in accordance with Data Protection Law. 
 
If you require further information in relation to your rights or wish to request the exercise them, you can contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO): dpo@fsai.ie.  
Collection of Personal Information
The FSAI fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information on this website without your permission. Any personal information volunteered will be protected by appropriate security measures and safeguards, in accordance with applicable Data Protection Law.
We will not ask for and collect any sensitive information about you (such as gender, marital status, age, race or health information) unless it is necessary to meet legal, public interest or statistical requirements related to and required to complete the transaction you have requested. Provision of this information (except where it is a legal requirement) is completely at your discretion, and you may decide not to provide it.
 
How We Use Your Personal Information
The personal information that you provide to the FSAI for services is used for identification purposes and will assist you to subscribe to FSAI services more easily. The information we collect from your use of the website or FSAI services enables us to provide personalised services that are tailored to your needs. Recording usage patterns helps us to identify the areas of our site that are popular and those that are not. We may contact you occasionally for your views and feedback on our services and to notify you if there are any important changes or developments to the FSAI services. This information helps us to improve and provide a better service for you. You may opt out of receiving such communication from us at any time. 
The FSAI may process personal information on the basis of:

The performance of a contract
Compliance with a legal obligation
Consent
The performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the FSAI
Protecting the vital interests of a natural person

Examples of activities which we carry out where your personal data may be processed:

Fulfilling publication orders
Responding to queries and requests
Newsletters
The marketing of and communications from the FSAI
Enforcement of the FSAI Act 1998
Provision of services to you via MenuCal and SafetyNet 

Disclosure of Your Information
We will not use your personal information or data for a purpose other than the purposes for which you supplied it, and will not disclose it to any other person or organisation unless:
 

The information is necessary to facilitate answering of a query or specific request, which you have made
We are required by law to do so
There are reasonable grounds to believe that disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to life or health
That person or organisation is an agent or contractor providing a service to FSAI, who will be required to maintain the same or similar privacy principles as specified in privacy legislation
You have given us consent to do so.

 
Security of Information
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all personal data we process is complete, up-to-date and stored in a secure environment accessed only by authorised persons. 
Appropriate safeguards are identified and implemented so that FSAI can take all necessary steps to protect your personal data and any transmission of information sent to or received by FSAI. Transmissions sent to or from FSAI are routinely monitored for quality control and systems administration. Although FSAI strives to reduce any security risks through all means necessary, no organisation can fully eliminate this risk. 
Website including MenuCal and SafetyNet
This Privacy Statement applies to all personal data collected via the FSAI website including “MenuCal” and “SafetyNet” and any other services that may be provided by the FSAI from time to time. By using our website (including MenuCal and SafetyNet), you accept the practices described in this document.  We may update our Privacy Statement from time to time to take account of changing requirements such as changes in technology or legislation and may contact you in relation to material updates and changes to these services. 
In relation to the information which you provide upon registration for MenuCal, we collect the minimum amount of information necessary in order to provide you with the MenuCal service; your name, email address, type of business and location. Optional details can be provided by the user; number of outlets, number of employees, how you heard about MenuCal. Information relating to the business is used to improve the MenuCal service. 
In relation to the information which you provide upon registration for SafetyNet, we collect the minimum amount necessary in order to provide you with the SafetyNet service and accurately record your profile on behalf of your employer.
The FSAI may contact you while you are a registered user of MenuCal or SafetyNet in order to maintain the availability of services to you and to gather user feedback about these services.  You may opt out of receiving such communication from us at any time.    
Analytics
Google Analytics is used by the FSAI to monitor trends in the user engagement on the FSAI website. This enables the FSAI to improve and develop the website based on these insights. The FSAI does not use this service to identify individuals who visit the site.
The FSAI maintains this website to enhance access for stakeholders and other interested parties to avail of information relating to food safety and other services provided by the FSAI. No information processed in the running of the website is used to identify individual visitors; any information generated by visitors to the website is processed to enable basic functionality and development of the site.
Technical details are logged for administrative purposes. The following details are logged:

Time and date of visit
IP address used to visit site
URL of where the site visitor was linked to our site by (backlinks, search engines including search terms) 
The browser used by the visitor to the site 

Cookies
We also track the pattern of visitor usage across FSAI website using cookies. Cookies are very small text files that a website can transfer to an individual's device. These are used to make the FSAI website easier to use by storing information about your preferences on the site. Cookies are a common feature among most websites as not only do they store user preferences but also aid in the administration and development of the website. Upon visiting any FSAI site page you will notice our Cookie Policy link accessible on the top banner of each page.  
For further information on Cookies, please see our cookie policy.
Linked Websites
The FSAI website contains links to other websites (“linked websites”). Those links are provided for convenience only and the FSAI cannot guarantee that they will remain current or continue to be maintained. The FSAI are not responsible for the content or privacy practices associated with linked websites.
Our links with linked websites should not be construed as an endorsement, approval or recommendation by us of the owners or operators of those linked websites, or of any information, graphics, materials, products or services referred to or contained on those linked websites, unless and to the extent stipulated to the contrary.
Social Media
The FSAI is active on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube and shares links to some of our content on these platforms. The FSAI utilises these channels to provide information to the public regarding the work that FSAI does and to answer queries sent through these channels. The FSAI uses analytical tools which aggregate social media engagement in order to measure the performance and success of the organisations social media activities.
Images/Video/Audio
Explicit consent of a data subject must be given in advance for the FSAI to use a data subject’s image, video image, voice, written statements or interviews:
 

In specified advertising, marketing and publicity materials such as in FSAI internal communications
On the FSAI website(s)
In FSAI Internal presentations
On FSAI Social media including Facebook/Twitter/Instagram/Linkedin/Youtube/Safety Net
In printed marketing materials such as brochures, leaflets, prospectus, and other promotional material for which it may be suitable.

This consent can be withdrawn at any time thereafter. 
 
Copyright
The material on our website, the software, design, text and graphics comprised in the site and the selection and layout of the site are owned or licensed to us and protected by copyright under the laws of Ireland and other countries. You may view this website and its contents using your web browser and save an electronic copy of the website solely in the usual operation of your web browser in visiting the site.
You must not otherwise reproduce, transmit (including broadcast), adapt, distribute, sell, modify, publish, communicate to the public or otherwise use any of the material on the site without FSAI’s prior written consent.
Contact
Should you wish to obtain further information on matters relating to the processing of your personal data, or any of the points raised in this document, please contact us at:
Data Protection OfficerFood Safety Authority of IrelandThe ExchangeGeorge's DockIFSC, Dublin 1D01 P2V6Tel: 01 8171300Fax: 01 8171200Email: dpo@fsai.ie
While we are satisfied that we have met, and continue to meet our obligations under Data Protection Law, you are entitled to complain to the Data Protection Commission, who may be contacted by email info@dataprotection.ie or by post to Data Protection Commission, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, or 32 AP23 Co Laois.  If you choose to refer a matter to the Data Protection Commission, we would be grateful if you would provide us with a copy of the relevant correspondence so as to ensure that our position is accurately represented.  
 
Last reviewed: 9/1/2019


