Terms of Use for Uptodown.com
The use of any page on the website Uptodown.com, including any of its subdomains
and/or sections (hereafter ‘UPTODOWN’), as well as the use of any service offered on
UPTODOWN or the download of computer programs from UPTODOWN, implies the full
acceptance of these terms of use.
UPTODOWN is managed by Media Ingea S.L., a company domiciled at 20 Puerta del Mar
Street, 4th D Floor, 29005 Málaga, Spain, and registered at the Málaga Trade Registry in
volume 3350, book 2262, sheet 67, page MA-64486; with VAT number B92461524. This
address should be used for any claims-related correspondence.
Should particular conditions of use exist from Media Ingea S.L. (not from third parties) for
certain content, services, or products offered on UPTODOWN, those conditions shall prevail
over these terms of use to the extent that incompatibilities arise.
The present terms of use are divided into two sections:
I General website terms of use applicable to all of UPTODOWN and to all products and/or
services offered or sold thereon.
II Intellectual and industrial property rights of UPTODOWN content and of the contributions
made by developers or users to UPTODOWN.
The user shall be entirely liable for any losses or damages suffered by Media Ingea, S.L. as a
consequence of any use of UPTODOWN that does not comply with the provisions established
in any part of these terms of use or in any other section of the UPTODOWN website. The user
further agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the company Media Ingea, S.L., as well as its
administrators, personnel, agents, and representatives, from any claims in which they may be
implicated as a consequence of such user noncompliance.
I GENERAL WEBSITE TERMS OF USE APPLICABLE TO ALL OF
UPTODOWN AND TO ALL PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES OFFERED OR
SOLD THEREON.
1.1 Objective of the General Terms of Use
Media Ingea S.L. offers the user via UPTODOWN, or may offer in the future, the services,
products, and complementary facilities as detailed below:
a. Access to a respository of software content classified by category. This includes the
download of software from UPTODOWN’s servers with the highest assurance of
availability and/or speed that this may involve. In no case does this imply the sale of a
license nor possession of intellectual property rights for the program, the use of which
will be subject to the license, conditions, and restrictions imposed by the developer or
intellectual property rights holder.
b. Search service for software content on the UPTODOWN library and directory.
c. Direct email update service for new programs and updates.
d. Periodic newsletter service for registered users covering new developments and
information related to the sector or to UPTODOWN.
e. Media Ingea S.L. may, at some point, provide additional services or facilities, either
free or paid.
1.2 Liability for the processing and use of content
UPTODOWN does not guarantee the quality, accuracy, reliability, correctness, or morality of
the data, programs, information, or opinions included on the site and in particular those
expressed or entered in user forums or opinions. However, users may report presumed abuses
or inappropriate uses of the site to allow UPTODOWN to review the corresponding content.
In relation to the content and programs available for free download, UPTODOWN limits itself
to offering an intermediary service, as established in Article 17 of Law 34/2002 of 11 July on
Information Society Services and E-Commerce (‘LSSI’), by providing links and search content,
while not assuming liability for said content beyond the cases expressly provided for in the
aforementioned law; that is, UPTODOWN shall only accept liability when it (i) has actual
knowledge that the activity or information being reported or referred is illegal or harms the
assets or rights of a third party covered by compensation, and (ii) has not acted with diligence
to remove or disable the corresponding link. The service provider shall be understood to have
actual knowledge when a competent authority has declared the data illegal or ordered its
withdrawal, or access to said data has become impossible, or the existence of the damage has
been declared, and the service provider is aware of the corresponding resolution.
An identical system to the one established in the previous paragraph applies to other links to
third-party sites that may be available on UPTODOWN. The inclusion of such links does not
imply any relationship, recommendation, or supervision by UPTODOWN of the destination
page, and UPTODOWN therefore accepts no liability for its content, except in such cases as
expressly established in the LSSI.
The apps published on UPTODOWN are products created by their respective developers. This website is not directly affiliated with them. All of the brands, trademarks, product and company names or logos mentioned here are property of their respective owners. Our download site and app distribute original, unaltered software, which is obtained directly from the developers’ websites and is not modified in any way. 
The user assumes as his or her exclusive liability any consequences, damages, or actions that
may arise from accessing, playing, or disseminating said content. It is the responsibility of the
user to verify, prior to downloading, the compatibility of the program with his or her computer
and other applications, as well as its features and the advantages of downloading and installing
the program on his or her system. Likewise, it is the responsibility of the user to ensure that
the download and use of UPTODOWN content is legal and appropriate in the user’s location
and personal circumstances.
UPTODOWN shall not be held liable for the infringements of any developer, programmer, or
user that affect the rights of another UPTODOWN user, or of a third party, including rights
related to copyright, trademarks, patents, confidential information, or any other intellectual or
industrial property rights.
This limited guarantee and limitation of liability mentioned in the preceding paragraphs shall
neither affect nor prejudice the obligatory rights extended by place of residence and applicable
by direct application of Spanish mandatory law or by the forwarding of Spanish law to the laws
of another jurisdiction for specific cases.
1.3 Developer programs available via UPTODOWN
UPTODOWN allows the developers of the programs available for download on its platform to
boost their visibility and reach a greater number of users. Except in cases where specific
agreements exist with the developers, UPTODOWN’s activity is limited to providing access and
impartial information prepared by professionals about the different applications. UPTODOWN
shall at all times maintain links to the websites of the original developer. However,
UPTODOWN shall quickly honor any written request from a developer to withdraw access to
the developer’s products from the UPTODOWN site.
1.4 Unauthorized use of the UPTODOWN website or its content
The user may not employ the facilities and capacities of the UPTODOWN site to carry out or
propose activities prohibited by law, or to attempt to attract site users to competitor services,
or to advertise the sale of products or services for commercial purposes.
The user shall refrain from interfering with UPTODOWN or other users’ use of the UPTODOWN
site, and in particular from impersonating another user or person while using the portal.
Likewise, the user agrees not to add information to forums that is not relevant to that
particular forum.
Access via robots and/or scripts to access, copy, or control any part of UPTODOWN are
prohibited without the express prior authorization of UPTODOWN.
It is strictly prohibited to add serial numbers, cracked software, or similar information, as well
as links to pages that include them, in UPTODOWN’s forums or comments. The IP addresses of
offenders shall be saved and appropriate legal measures taken against them.
Likewise, the user shall be responsible for ensuring compliance with these clauses by any
person he or she authorizes to use the service.
1.5 Liability of Media Ingea S.L. for the operation of UPTODOWN
EXCEPT IN CASES OF INTENTIONAL ACTION, AND THOSE IN WHICH DUE TO THE PARTICULAR
CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE USER OR OBJECT AN IMPERATIVE REGIME OF LIABILITY IS DEEMED
APPLICABLE, MEDIA INGEA S.L. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY
NATURE AFFECTING THE USER DUE TO THE USE OF UPTODOWN OR OF ANY OF THE SERVICES
OR PRODUCTS OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE.
IN PARTICULAR, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE PROVISIONS OF THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH,
MEDIA INGEA ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONTENT OF THE PROGRAMS
AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOAD THROUGH UPTODOWN, WHICH ARE THE EXCLUSIVE
RESPONSIBILITY OF THEIR DEVELOPERS, AND SUBJECT TO THE CORRESPONDING LICENSE
CONDITIONS. THE USER ASSUMES ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE DOWNLOAD AND USE OF
THE PROGRAMS, EXPRESSLY EXONERATING MEDIA INGEA, S.L. OF ALL LIABILITY, AND
ACKNOWLEDGING THAT UPTODOWN, EXCEPT IN CASES IN WHICH IT IS EXPRESSLY
ESTABLISHED OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO SOLELY PROVIDING ACCESS TO THE PROGRAMS OF
THE CORRESPONDING CREATOR OR DEVELOPER.
1.6 Service suspensions
Media Ingea may unilaterally cease to provide to any or all users the services and/or products
offered via the UPTODOWN website.
In cases of service interruption to a particular user, a simple notification to the user shall
suffice for said interruption, for any situation involving noncompliance with the terms of use or
with any applicable regulation. The user accepts that Media Ingea shall incur no liability on the
occasion of a suspension on these terms.
Additionally, Media Ingea may at any time, and incurring no liability, vary the content of
UPTODOWN, interrupt the provision of all or some services, and/or deactivate or delete all or
some user accounts without further limitations beyond those established by applicable laws on
the requirement to maintain logs of certain operations during the corresponding legal time
periods.
1.7 Applicable law and jurisdiction
The present terms of use are subject to Spanish legislation and to the extent to which the law
does not establish an obligatory jurisdiction for a particular case the parties are subject to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Málaga in everything related to them.
The present terms of use are subject to Spanish legislation and to the extent to which the law does not establish an obligatory jurisdiction for a particular case the parties are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Málaga in everything related to them.II INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY RIGHTS TO UPTODOWN
CONTENT AND CONTRIBUTIONS MADE BY DEVELOPERS AND
UPTODOWN USERS
2.1 Rights to UPTODOWN content
The user acknowledges that the elements and utilities integrated into the UPTODOWN website
include content belonging to UPTODOWN, content from third-party developers, and content
created by users themselves. Content belonging to UPTODOWN (including, with no limitation,
the trademarks, logos, UPTODOWN site HTML code, design, and program descriptions and
remaining content) and content from third-party developers are protected by intellectual
and/or industrial property legislation.
The user therefore commits to respect the terms and conditions established in the present
general conditions of use and the corresponding licenses for the use of the content from third-
party developers available on UPTODOWN. The user acknowledges that the reproduction,
modification, transformation, public communication or distribution, including without
limitation the commercialization, decompilation, disassembling, utilization of reverse
engineering techniques or any other method to obtain the source code of the website and/or
applications available on it, and transformation or publication of any unauthorized test result
for any of the elements or utilities integrated into the UPTODOWN website constitutes an
infraction of intellectual and/or industrial property rights, and the user is therefore obligated
to refrain from engaging in any of the aforementioned actions.
The user agrees to neither remove nor alter any distinctive sign used as a trademark or
commercial name (graphics, logos, etc.), identifying feature of an element protected by
copyright, or other notices, captions, symbols, or labels of Media Ingea S.L. or of third parties
that appear on the UPTODOWN website.
2.2 Use of the content and applications available on UPTODOWN
Unless prior agreement between the rights holder and the user stipulates otherwise, the user
agrees to utilize the information and applications available on UPTODOWN exclusively for his
or her own needs and to neither directly nor indirectly engage in commercial exploitation of
the products and/or services to which he or she has access, or of the results obtained due to
utilization of the UPTODOWN website.
2.3 Prohibited conduct
The user shall abstain from any conduct in the use of the UPTODOWN website that jeopardizes
the intellectual and industrial property rights of Media Ingea S.L. or of third parties; or that
infringes or transgresses the honor, personal or family intimacy, or the image of third parties;
or that is illicit or damaging to morality.
In particular, and without implying any limitation, the user shall abstain from engaging, via the
use of the UPTODOWN website, in any destruction, alteration, disablement, or damage to the
electronic data, programs, or documents belonging to Media Ingea S.L., to its providers, or to
third parties, nor shall the user introduce or spread on the network any programs, viruses,
applets, Active X controls, or any physical or electronic instrument or device that causes or is
susceptible to causing any kind of alteration to the network, the system, or third-party
computers. Likewise, it is expressly prohibited to engage in any type of activity or practice that
violates the principles of good conduct generally accepted amongst Internet users.
2.4 Content uploaded on UPTODOWN by the user
The user is solely responsible for all materials uploaded, posted, e-mailed, or added in any
other way by him or her to UPTODOWN (‘User Content’). The user certifies that he or she
holds all intellectual and/or industrial property rights to User Content. By using the website
and in exchange for the broadcasting of the corresponding content, the user cedes to Media
Ingea S.L. and its associated and linked companies, as well as its collaborators, an irrevocable,
free, and non-exclusive global license, liable for sublicense, for a duration equal to the duration
of the corresponding rights, to reproduce, transform, distribute, or publicly transmit User
Content on UPTODOWN and the pages of its affiliates, related firms, and/or collaborators.
UPTODOWN may distribute User Content to other users or make any other future use of it via
any medium and/or procedure and in any format.
2.5 Requirement to report noncompliance
Any presumed infraction of intellectual or industrial property rights carried out on UPTODOWN
and identified by a user should be reported to UPTODOWN by sending an email that includes a
description of the presumed infraction to the following address: contacto@uptodown.com.
External Graphic Resources
Thanks to our friends from Freepik.com and Flaticon.com for so great icons and service :).
Uptodown.com Privacy Policy
In accordance with the provisions of the Organic Law 15/1999 on the Protection of Personal
Data (LOPD in Spain) and implementing regulations thereof, the operator of this website and
application, pursuant to the provisions of Art. 5 and 6 of the LOPD, hereby informs all site
users who have provided or shall provide personal data that the supplied data shall be
included in an automated file duly registered with the Spanish Data Protection Agency in the
name of Media Ingea S.L., at the Málaga Trade Registry in volume 3350, book 2262, sheet 67,
page MA-64486; with VAT number B92461524.
In like manner, the Service Provider has adopted all necessary technical and organizational
requirements to guarantee the security and integrity of data of a personal nature, and to avoid
their loss, alteration, and/or access by unauthorized third parties.
Use of Cookies and Activity Log
The Service Provider, or a third party contracted to provide web analytics services, may employ
cookies when a user browses this website. Cookies are files sent to the user’s browser via a
web service in order to log user activity during their browsing time.
The cookies used by this website are associated exclusively with an anonymous user and his or
her computer, and in themselves do not supply any personal data for that user.
The use of cookies allows the server that hosts the website to recognize the user’s web
browser in order to simplify browsing, for example by allowing users who have previously
registered to access the site areas, services, promotions, and contests exclusive to registered
users without having to log in for every visit. Cookies are also used to measure site readership
and traffic parameters and monitor growth and visit statistics. 
A user may configure his or her browser to send a notification when cookies are received and
may opt not to allow the installation of cookies on the computer in question. Please consult
your browser’s instructions and usage manual for further information on this subject.
It is not necessary for users to allow the installation of cookies sent by this website, or by an
authorized third party, in order to use the site, although the user may need to log in each time
he or she wishes to access features that require prior registration or login. 
IP Addresses
This website’s servers can automatically detect the IP address and domain name for each user.
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to a computer that is connected to the
Internet. All this information is logged in an activity file on the duly registered server, allowing
the collected data to be subsequently processed to obtain solely statistical measures on
numbers of page views, requests made to web services, order of visits, point of access, etc.
Security
The website employs data security techniques that are generally accepted in the industry, such
as firewalls, access control procedures, and encryption mechanisms, all with the aim of
preventing unauthorized access to personal data. To these ends, the user/client assents to the
service provider obtaining data to carry out the corresponding authentication of access
controls.
