
PCO Manufacturing Privacy Policy 
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how PCO Manufacturing collects and processes your personal data, including any data you may provide when you access PCO.ie, when you enquire about a product or service, when you purchase a product or service from us, through your dealings with our staff and when you report a problem with our website
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
General statement
PCO Manufacturing fully respects your right to privacy and will not collect any personal information about you on our website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to PCO Manufacturing will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003 and the EU GDPR 2018.
Collection and use of personal information
PCO Manufacturing will not collect any personal data about you on our website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by completing the online enquiry form). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties and is used by PCO Manufacturing only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Requests regarding data supplied
On request, we can supply copies of your personal data which you may have supplied via our website. If you wish to obtain such copies, you must write to PCO Manufacturing at the address below or e-mail us at salesoffice@pco.ie. You should include any personal identifiers which you supplied earlier via the website (e.g. Name; address; phone number; e-mail address). Your request will be dealt with as soon as possible.
If you discover that this company holds inaccurate information about you, you can request that we correct that information. Such a request must be in writing or via e-mail.
In certain circumstances, you may also request that data which you have supplied via the website be deleted. If you wish to request a deletion, you would generally be expected to identify some contravention of data protection law in the way this office processes the data concerned.
Complaints about data processed via the website
If you are concerned about how personal data is processed via our websites, please do not hesitate to bring such concerns to the attention of PCO Manufacturing at the contact details below.
PCO Manufacturing Contact Details
email: salesoffice@pco.ie
phone: +353 (0) 1 83 56 700
fax: +353 (0) 1 83 56 710
Updated: May 2018
Cookie policy
PCO Manufacturing respects the privacy of all visitors to our website.
This is our policy on the use of cookies on www.pco.ie. We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time to reflect any changes in technology or legislation affecting the way we use cookies and how you, as a user, can manage them.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit our website. Cookies are then sent back to our website on each of your subsequent visits, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also helps us to improve our site.
If you choose to opt out of receiving cookies you may lose some features and functionality of www.pco.ie
If you want to:
i.            prevent your browser from accepting new cookies;
ii.            remove cookies; or
iii.            disable cookies,
the help menu in the menu bar of most browsers will explain how to do this or you can click on the links below to access instructions from some of the most popular browsers:
·         Google Chrome
·         Internet Explorer
·         Firefox
·         Safari
·         Safari Mobile
·         Opera
·
For more information on how to manage cookies, please visit http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm.
What Cookies Do PCO Manufacturing Use?
When you use the www.PCO.ie website, the following types of cookies can be set on your device:
Strictly Necessary Cookies:
These cookies are required for the operation of our website including, for example, cookies that enable you to log into the Customers’ Area of our website.
·         Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to collect statistical information about visitors to our website and the pages they view. PCO Manufacturing may use these cookies to understand what content is popular and how the layout of the website might be improved.

