Once your personal data is submitted to us, it shall be kept securely on our database.
    
    We use the email address which you have provided us with to send you an email welcoming you to Betclic. We may send you emails, letters by post and SMS messages from time to time containing information ranging from special promotions to technical and other information relating to our services and the services of our Group companies. Should you wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, you can do this easily by either changing your Account settings or clicking “unsubscribe” on the bottom of the email. If you have agreed to receive offers from Betclic and/or partners on the pre-registration sign-up page and you later wish to unsubscribe, simply click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link on the email. Should you wish to unsubscribe from receiving SMS messages, you can do this easily by following the instructions to unsubscribe in the SMS message sent to you. Please note that we may from time to time send out service-related emails announcing, for instance, a temporary suspension of one or more of our services due to maintenance. IT IS THEREFORE RECOMMENDED THAT YOU DO NOT OPT OUT OF RECEIVING EMAILS FROM BETCLIC. If you have opted in to receive commercial offers from our select partners, you can unsubscribe from this mailing list by changing your settings in ‘My Account’ and ‘Newsletters’.
    
    If a customer chooses to use the Refer-A-Friend service in order to inform a friend about our Site, we will ask the customer for his/her friend’s email address and we will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting him/her to visit our Site and to register with us. If the friend does not sign up with Betclic, we do not store the friend’s email address in any database and we will not contact the friend after sending this email unless the same or another customer refers the friend to Betclic again via the Refer-A-Friend service. The Refer-A-Friend service may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all customers.
    As  part of our partnership with commercial banks and/or the companies in charge of  verifying the authenticity of credit card or electronic payment processing  data, your personal data is at the disposal of these establishments. However,  these establishments are only entitled to use such information for processing  or legal investigation purposes (for example, in suspected anti-money laundering  cases). We may also enter into partnerships with data processors and companies  which provide security, age verification and identification verification  services in order to improve the efficiency and security of the Site or to  comply with relevant regulations. These companies may have access to your  personal data in order that they can process necessary information data and  maintain the security of the Site. The companies that we choose to carry out  these functions have strict policies regarding privacy of personal data,  although we accept no responsibility for the privacy policies of those  companies. We will not disclose the amount of your winnings or losses to any  person or third party other than to you unless we are required by law to  disclose such information to competent authorities. It is therefore incumbent  upon you to declare your winnings to the relevant authorities if you reside in  a country where such gains are subject to taxation. We reserve the right to  pass on to payment service providers and to public, regulatory or other  relevant authorities, all or any customer personal data held by us if necessary  or required in the course of any legal investigation and/or in circumstances  where we reasonably suspect that fraud or criminal conduct has occurred and in  order for us to carry out our obligations under relevant fraud, anti-money  laundering and other applicable legislation.
For the purposes of this policy “Regulatory Body” shall mean any Authority which has issued a remote gaming licence to any of the Betclic Everest Group companies.  This shall also include any regulatory and/or sporting body which is in charge of regulating policies on the integrity and enforcement of rules relating to a particular sport and/or game as well as the detection of a criminal offence. Betclic Everest Group and/or any of its Group companies retain the right to set up and enter into agreements with these regulatory bodies and to share any customer data should it be made aware or have knowledge of a breach of such rules or the law or otherwise pose a threat to the integrity of the relevant sport or game. Those bodies may then use your Personal Information to investigate and act on any such breaches in accordance with their procedures.
 
    The personal data submitted by our customers may be stored and/or processed in any country in which we or our affiliates, suppliers, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. By accepting this Privacy & Cookies Policy, you give your consent to the transfer of your personal data outside of your country. Betclic is committed to taking all necessary steps to ensure that whenever personal data is transferred, such transfer takes place solely within the Group and the Group's select partners in which companies the standards of privacy and confidentiality should be of an acceptable standard, irrelevant of location.
    
    Betclic shall in no manner whatsoever be held responsible for the manner in which third parties process the personal data of our customers. Betclic shall only be responsible for its own Privacy & Cookies Policy and it does not warrant the standard of the privacy policies of any of the third parties who may have links placed on our Sites. We strongly recommend that when you access a new page via a link on our Site(s) which takes you to an external website, you take time to read through the privacy policy of the new website which you enter.
The personal data submitted by our customers may be stored and/or processed in any country in which we or our affiliates, suppliers, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. By accepting this Privacy & Cookies Policy, you give your consent to the transfer of your personal data outside of your country. Betclic is committed to taking all necessary steps to ensure that whenever personal data is transferred, such transfer takes place solely within the Group and the Group's select partners in which companies the standards of privacy and confidentiality should be of an acceptable standard, irrelevant of location.Betclic shall in no manner whatsoever be held responsible for the manner in which third parties process the personal data of our customers. Betclic shall only be responsible for its own Privacy & Cookies Policy and it does not warrant the standard of the privacy policies of any of the third parties who may have links placed on our Sites. We strongly recommend that when you access a new page via a link on our Site(s) which takes you to an external website, you take time to read through the privacy policy of the new website which you enter.