

Privacy Policy

        Protecting your privacy is extremely important to all of us at CenterWatch. For this reason, you may visit and navigate within the CenterWatch web site without providing any personal information, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or credit card information. If you choose to provide your personal information in sections such as our bookstore, we will protect your information to the best of our ability.
        
CenterWatch will never share your personal information with an external party without your permission. Additionally, we will only use your information for the purpose for which you provide it; no transfer of information will take place from one section of the site to another. Any information that we have the capability of collecting automatically (such as visitors' Internet domains and number of visitors) will be used for internal tracking purposes only.
        

        While CenterWatch takes every necessary administrative and technical precaution to secure our web site and to prevent unauthorized parties from accessing or interfering with our files, we cannot assure that such tampering will not occur. Furthermore, the privacy policies of other web sites do not apply to www.CenterWatch.com. If you have linked to www.CenterWatch.com from another web site, please check the other site's privacy policies before providing any information. Similarly, although we have high standards for the web sites to which we link, when you link from our web site to another web site, our privacy policy no longer applies. Again, please check the other site's privacy policy before providing any personal information.
        
	
We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behavior on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This analytic data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We do not collect or store any personal information (e.g. your name or address) and this information cannot be used to identify who you are. 
        

We have enabled Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to get an idea of visitor demographics.   We  use the data provided by Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to develop content around our visitor’s interests.
        

At any time, visitors may choose to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
        

        From time to time, we may modify our privacy policy. Please check the CenterWatch web site periodically to review our most recent privacy policy version.
        
Patient Notification Service 
To register for the Patient Notification Service, you must provide only your email address and select a therapeutic area of interest. No other information is required. CenterWatch has access to subscriber email addresses and utilizes them strictly for trouble-shooting and web-maintenance efforts.
        

        If you receive updates that you do not wish to receive, please contact us at customerservice@centerwatch.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions on our web site, located at the following URL address: http://www.centerwatch.com/clinical-trials/pns/ 
Clinical Trial Listings and Profile Pages

        At the bottom of most trial listings, Research Center Profiles, and Industry Provider Profiles on our web site, you will find a submit template/form. Any message you submit here is meant to be a confidential posting from you to the company or individual you are contacting. The message will never go to any CenterWatch staff member.
        

        Furthermore, CenterWatch cannot access or retrieve any message that you submit using these forms, nor are we responsible for any of these messages. However, all messages will indicate to the receiver that the transmission originated at www.CenterWatch.com.
        

        The company or individual you contact will only receive the information that you provide in the form. This information may include name, address, phone number, fax, email address, company (Profile Page forms only), and confidential message. To withhold information, simply leave that field blank. (Note: If you would like the company or individual you contact to respond to your message, please be sure to provide a phone number, email address, or mailing address at which you can be reached.)
        

        There may be additional eligibility requirements and other associated risks with clinical trial participation that have not been included with some of the clinical trials listed on the CenterWatch web site. Please contact the research center listed below each clinical trial listing to discuss the complete eligibility requirements and participation risks. For a list of important questions to ask clinical research professionals, and for more information about clinical trials, please visit our Overview of Clinical Trials page.
        
Bookstore

        We collect only the information necessary to process your order. All credit card transactions made on the www.CenterWatch.com web site are conducted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL-- the industry standard security protocol), which encrypt your payment information.
        

        Your order information is accessible to CenterWatch Customer Service personnel, working in conjunction with our fulfillment service provider, Cambey & West. You may be contacted by mail, phone, or email to:
        

Clarify your order
Clarify your shipping information
Notify you regarding the renewal of a subscription product or service
Follow up on your order to determine and improve the quality of our products and services

JobWatch

        To register for the JobWatch Resume Service, you must provide only your email address, which may be used by member companies to find qualified job applicants.
        

        To register for JobWatch Email Alerts, you must provide your email address.  No other information is required. CenterWatch has access to subscriber email addresses and utilizes them strictly for trouble-shooting and web-maintenance efforts.  At times, CenterWatch may use this list to inform subscribers of a new service JobWatch is offering or a new product CenterWatch is introducing that may assist them in their career search.
        

        If you receive updates that you do not wish to receive, please contact us at jobwatch@centerwatch.com.
        
Our Commitment to You

        In order to guarantee that the above precautions are maintained and implemented, we have trained and familiarized our staff with these policies. Each staff member is instructed as to his or her responsibilities regarding the protection of visitor privacy. To further ensure this protection, no one staff member is privy to all personal visitor information. All staff members and commerce partners with access to personal information are expected to uphold these standards.
        
Financial Disclosure

        Many organizations list their clinical trials on the CenterWatch web site. Based on the amount of time and effort that CenterWatch must provide to input and maintain these listings, organizations may be charged a nominal monthly fee. Most of the listings, however, are posted free of charge on the CenterWatch web site.
For additional information about the source of this information and the costs associated with this service, please contact the CenterWatch Customer Service Department at customerservice@centerwatch.com.
Contact Us
If you have questions about our commitment to your privacy on our site, please contact us at (617) 948-5100 or at customerservice@centerwatch.com. You may write to us at:

            My Privacy on www.CenterWatch.com
            CenterWatch
            10 Winthrop Square, Fifth Floor
            Boston, MA 02110


