
Disclaimer
Your use of the Manchester Metropolitan University Website is subject to the terms and conditions on this page and the pages linked to it.
Whilst the University makes every effort to ensure that the site is up to date and accurate, we cannot give any warranty that this is the case. The University expressly excludes liability for loss or damage arising from your use of this site (except in the case of death or personal injury arising from our negligence).
“Use of this site” includes, but is not limited to, the following:

Reliance placed upon information on the site
The downloading of materials from the site
The accessing of other parts of the Internet or sites from links on this site
In the case of downloading of materials it is your responsibility to ensure that material is virus checked by up to date virus software.

This website contains a “blogging” section, within which some current Students have published their thoughts on life at MMU etc. Whilst MMU makes every effort to ensure that the comments published in this section of the site do not contain any defamatory or discriminatory material, we cannot give any warranty that this is the case. MMU takes no responsibility for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the comments published.
From time to time this website may include links to other third party websites. These links are used to provide further information and are not intended to signify that MMU endorses such websites and/or their content. MMU takes no responsibility for any loss or damage suffered as a result of using any information published on any of the pages on the linked third party websites.
Copyright Notice
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright of all the material on this site is held by The Manchester Metropolitan University, a member of staff or Student. You may view or download information from the site for personal use. Information may not be published in any other format without the express written permission of the University or the copyright holder. Applications for permission should be made to the copyright holder. If it is not apparent who the copyright holder is please contact the New Media Manager.
Complaints About Copyright Or Offensive Material
If you wish to complain about material on this site because you believe either:

there is a breach of copyright; or
that the material is defamatory or otherwise in breach of law,

the University will investigate in accordance with its approved procedure.
Complaints should be directed to the New Media Manager.
Acceptable Use Policy
JANET is the name given to the networking services and facilities provided by funding councils and other bodies to support the UK educational research community.
The Manchester Metropolitan University is committed to the Acceptable Use Policy established by the United Kingdom Education and Research Networking Association (UKERNA). Full details of the Policy, including acceptable uses, unacceptable uses and compliance, can be found on the JANET website. Any breach of the Policy should be drawn to the attention of the New Media Manager.
Privacy
The Manchester Metropolitan University takes your privacy seriously. Your rights are protected by the Data Protection Act 1998 and the University is fully committed to ensuring that you have the full protection afforded by legislation.
The University has a comprehensive Data Protection Policy which governs how it collects and handles all information from any source. That includes any personal information collected over the Internet via this website.
Where the website seeks to elicit specific personal information about you, further details of the policy and its operation will be provided on the page in question.
Individuals have rights of access to information held about them by the University. Anyone wishing to have access to such information should write to the Data Protection Officer, The Manchester Metropolitan University, Legal Department, All Saints, Oxford Road, Manchester M15 6BH. A fee is payable for this service. Details of the current fee can be obtained by contacting the Legal Department.
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the provision of the University's Educational Services
The provision of educational services by the Manchester Metropolitan University is subject to terms and conditions of contract and, before accepting an offer of a place at the University, you are asked to note the following:
1. What is the contract between you and the University?
At its heart, it is a contract under which the University agree to provide educational services and the facilities for you to study, and you agree to progress those studies at the University. 
2. What makes up the contract?
The contract between you and the University is formed when you accept our offer of a place. The contract is made up of a number of key documents (“Key Contract Documents”).  These are:

This document (Terms and Conditions applicable to the provision of the University’s Educational Services)
MMU’s Regulations, Policies and Procedures for Students 2015/16
Key Information on your course (you will get this from your Course Brochure and the Prospectus)
Your offer letter and any other document referred to within.

3. What does the University expect of you?
The University expects you to play a full and active role in progressing your studies at the University. Alongside the obligations in these Terms and Conditions applicable to the provision of the University's Educational Services, the University has developed the MMU Commitment.  The Commitment sets out the intention of the University and the Students’ Union to work in partnership with you as an MMU student in supporting your learning and helping you succeed, and sets out your own role in ensuring that success, and the standards of behaviour and personal responsibility expected of our students. Although the University would like to draw your attention to the Commitment, it is not intended to be legally binding or to form part of the Key Contract Documents.
4. Payment of fees
You will find extensive guidance for students on a wide range of issues relating to the payment of fees in the University’s Regulations for the Payment of Fees and the associated Key Facts document. Please note that, ultimately, you may not be able to continue with your studies should you fail to pay your tuition fees.
5. The University’s Regulations
By enrolling at the University you agree to comply with the all the provisions of the University’s Regulations, Rules, Codes, Policies and Procedures.
There are some provisions we need to draw your particular attention to as they can result in a disciplinary process and ultimately mean you may not be able to continue at the University. These include:

Procedure for Handling Academic Misconduct
Procedure for Students at Risk of Academic Failure
Student Code of Conduct

6. Professional Suitability
Some programmes of study will require you to register with a statutory professional body and/or to practice under licence. It is your responsibility to ensure that all necessary declarations (including but not limited to criminal records, medical conditions, disabilities) are made to the University during the admissions process and during the period of study,  and that you comply with all relevant rules and regulations during study (and placement, if appropriate). The University will use its reasonable endeavours to support students in attaining fitness to practice but accepts no responsibility in the event that a student is declared not fit for practice.
7. Changes to Course Provision (and other changes)
The University will use all reasonable endeavours to deliver your course in accordance with the description applied to it in the course brochure and prospectus for the academic year in which you begin your course. However, the University is entitled to make reasonable changes to ensure the University delivers the best quality of educational experience to you.
These changes include:

Keeping our course content and delivery up to date and relevant.
Meeting the requirements of an external accrediting or reviewing body
Reviewing and refreshing optional modules
Altering the location of the course within your designated campus
Altering the method or delivery of the course

In making any such changes, the University will aim to keep the changes to the minimum necessary to achieve the required quality of experience and will usually notify and consult with affected students in advance about any changes that are required.
Sometimes circumstances may arise which are beyond the control of the University. Examples (without limitation) of such circumstances include:

industrial action by University staff or third parties
the unanticipated departure of key members of University staff
acts of terrorism
damage or interruption to buildings, facilities or equipment
severe weather conditions
the acts of any governmental or local authority; or
where the numbers recruited to a course are so low that it is not possible to deliver an appropriate quality of education for students enrolled on it.

In these circumstances, the University will provide as much notice as possible and will take all reasonable steps to minimise the resultant disruption by, for example, delivering a modified version of the course, or offering affected students the chance to move to another course or institution. To the full extent it is possible under the general law the University excludes liability for any loss and/or damage suffered by any applicant or student as a result of those circumstances.
If the University changes your course in a fundamental way and you are not satisfied with the changes, you will be offered the opportunity to withdraw from the programme and, if required, reasonable support to transfer to another provider. It should be noted that this is without prejudice to your right of cancellation and to any other remedy which the student would be entitled by law to seek.
8. Complaints
MMU recognises there may be occasions where students wish to raise legitimate complaints relating to their course, or the facilities and services provided by the University. It is important to both students and staff to know that such complaints will be dealt with seriously and transparently, and without fear of recrimination. To ensure that this happens, the University has in place a Student Complaints Procedure which details procedures and parameters for making a complaint, alongside what action may be taken in response to complaints.
If having exhausted all stages of the University’s internal complaints procedure, a student considers that the University has failed to consider and respond to their complaint appropriately, the student can refer their complaint to the Office of the Independent Adjudicator for Higher Education, which provides an independent scheme for the review of student complaints.
9.Data Protection
MMU is registered as a data controller with the Office of the Information Commissioner. The University’s entry on the Register of Data Controllers can be found at https://ico.org.uk/ESDWebPages/DoSearch?reg=412923. MMU will hold and process your personal data including some sensitive personal data. As an MMU Student you agree to this data being processed in accordance with our Data Protection Policy. If you have any queries relating to access to or storage of data, please review the Data Protection Policy which will provide guidance as to how to address any queries you may have.
Examination pass lists and/or degree classifications may be published. If you do not wish your results to be published in this way, you must notify the Director of Registry Services stating your reasons in writing by no later than seven days before you complete your examination or assessment. Your reasons will be considered and, where it is felt that publication of your results is likely to cause substantial damage or substantial distress and that this would be unwarranted, publication will be withheld.
You are obliged to provide the University with up to date contact details.    
10. Students who are under 18 on entry
Higher education is an adult environment and courses may not always be suitable for those who are under 18, who are legally defined as children. Students are therefore normally expected to be 18 years of age by 1 September of the year in which they enrol.    The University therefore reserves the right not to enrol anyone who has not met this age criterion; each case will be considered individually. The University is committed to the safety and well-being of all its Students but has particular responsibilities in relation to those who are under 18 when they arrive. The University will decide whether to offer residential accommodation to Students under 18 on a case by case basis. Our unfiltered access to the internet and some materials in the library are unsuitable for Students under 18.
When the University makes an offer to any applicant who will be under 18 on entry it will also provide further guidance to the applicant and his or her parents or guardian, together with a consent form for their parent or guardian to complete. The provision of consent and agreement to the University’s terms for under 18s are conditions of enrolment.
11. Other services
Other, non-educational services provided by the University to you, for example residential accommodation and sports centre membership, amount to separate and distinct contracts and are therefore subject  to separate contractual terms.
12. Employers’ Liability Insurance
A copy of the University’s Certificate of Employers' Liability Insurance (valid from 1st August 2015) is available.
13. Law
This contract shall be governed by English law.

