ISA PRIVACY NOTICE
By accessing to this site, certain information about the User, such as Internet protocol (IP) address, navigation through the Site, the software used and the time spent, along with other similar information, will be stored on the International Seabed Authority servers. These will not specifically identify the User. The information will be used internally only for web site traffic analysis. If the User provides unique identifying information, such as name, address and other information on forms stored on this Site, such information will be used only for statistical purpose and will not be published for general access. The International Seabed Authority, however, assumes no responsibility for the security of this information.
ISA ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
What information do we collect?
When you register on our site, we collect your name and address for inclusion to the International Seabed Authority (ISA) mailing list. You may, however, visit the site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website and mobile App (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To send periodic emails relating to ISA current events and news.
How do we protect your information?
We have implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the security of your personal information
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information. We do not transfer any information to outside parties. However, we may release information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property or safety.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This policy applies only to information collected through our App
Consent
By using our App, you consent to our privacy policy
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page. This policy was last modified 12 May 2014.

Contact us
For any questions regarding this privacy policy, contact us using the information below:
International Seabed Authority
14-20 Port Royal Street
Kingston, Jamaicawebmaster@isa.org.jm
