
carsales Network, Linked Sites and personal information
When you visit a website or use an application on the carsales Network, carsales records anonymous information such as IP address, time, date, referring url, and other referral information, device information and location, carrier, site interactions such as your access to website features, pages accessed, content, searching activities, lead submission, and files accessed and downloaded, type of browser and operating system. Such information collected by carsales may be linked to other information carsales holds about a user, compiling a complete profile about carsales users’ browsing, purchasing and other activities on the carsales Network.
carsales may use third party advertising companies to collect data and/or serve ads when you visit a website on the carsales Network. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to websites in order to provide advertisements about good and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit http://networkadvertising.org/..
carsales uses "cookie" and other methods to collect and store the information set out above. A cookie is a small file that stays on your computer until, depending on whether it is a sessional or persistent cookie, you turn your computer off or it expires (this may be as little as 30 days or up 2 years, or longer in some cases). Cookies may be used by carsales or by service providers engaged by carsales to provide you with the full range of services it offers, remember your preferences, remember the sites you visit on the carsales Network, measure and analyse usage of the carsales Network and for security. Persistent cookies may be used to identify the sites you visit on the carsales Network and to personalise the advertising that you see when you make future visits to those sites or other sites or platforms. Cookie data may be sold, licensed or otherwise provided to third parties for sale via advertising exchanges for this purpose. You may adjust your Internet browser settings to disable cookies. If cookies are disabled carsales may not be able to provide you with the full range of carsales services. The carsales Network may include links to third party web sites, co-branded web sites and applications and advertising served to the carsales Network by third parties (Linked Sites). The operators of Linked Sites may collect personal information through the use of cookies and otherwise. Carsales is not responsible for Linked Sites and recommends you read the privacy policy of Linked Sites before disclosing your personal information. This site uses Crazy Egg web analytics service. Crazy Egg may record visitor’s activities on the carsales Network, which may include mouse clicks, mouse movement, and scrolling activity performed on the carsales Network, user screen size, browser versions and other user experience based metrics. Crazy Egg does not collect any personally identifiable information, including credit card information, that you enter in this website. For more information see: Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the Crazy Egg Web Analytics Service. We are using the information collected by Crazy Egg service for analysing usability of the carsales Network and associated purposes. To opt out of this analytics service, please email contact@crazyegg.com. Carsales uses Nielsen/NetRatings web analytics tools to measure and analyse internet usage across our the carsales Network of websites. This service helps us measure and respond to our online consumers. The data collected does not identify a user personally.

