
When you visit a website or use an application on the carsales Network, carsales records information such as IP address, time, date, referring url, and other referral information, device information and location, carrier, site interactions such as your access to website features, pages accessed, content, searching activities, lead submission, and files accessed and downloaded, type of browser and operating system. Such information collected by carsales may be linked to other information carsales and its Network companies hold about a user, compiling a complete profile about carsales users’ browsing, purchasing and other activities.  This data may be used by carsales to categorise a user and provide personalised offers, marketing and advertising- including advertising by third parties. Data may be shared with advertisers for these purposes where the user is already a customer of the advertiser.
We partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for the purpose of delivering more relevant advertising to you.  Our partners use this information to recognise you across different channels and platforms over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes.  For example, our partners may deliver an ad to you in your web browser based on a purchase you made in a physical retail store.  To learn more about interest-based advertising in general or to opt out, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://networkadvertising.org/.
carsales uses "cookie" and other methods to collect and store the information set out above. A cookie is a small file that stays on your computer until, depending on whether it is a sessional or persistent cookie, you turn your computer off or it expires (this may be as little as 30 days or up 2 years or longer in some cases).
Cookies may be used by carsales or by service providers engaged by carsales to provide you with the full range of services it offers, remember your preferences, remember the sites you visit on the carsales Network, measure and analyse usage of the carsales Network and for security. Persistent cookies may be used to identify the sites you visit on the carsales Network and to personalise the advertising that you see when you make future visits to those sites or other sites or platforms. Cookie data and other data may be sold, licensed or otherwise provided to third parties via advertising exchanges or other data sharing platforms for this purpose. You may adjust your Internet browser settings to disable cookies. If cookies are disabled carsales may not be able to provide you with the full range of carsales’ services.
The operators of Linked Sites may collect personal information through the use of cookies and otherwise. carsales is not responsible for Linked Sites and recommends you read the privacy policy of Linked Sites before disclosing your personal information.
This site uses HotJar Ltd (HotJar) web analytics service. HotJar may record visitors’ activities on the carsales Network, which may include mouse clicks, mouse movement, and scrolling activity performed on the carsales Network, user screen size, browser versions and other user experience based metrics. Unless HotJar specifically indicates that it collects your personal information, for example when conducting an on-site survey on behalf of carsales, HotJar does not collect any personally identifiable information, including credit card information, that you enter in this website. For more information see Hotjar’s Privacy Policy We are using the information collected by HotJar for analysing usability of the carsales Network and associated purposes. To opt out of this analytics service, please email via this link.
carsales also uses Google Analytics cookies to record visitor behaviour on the carsales Network.  This information may be used together with other third party cookies such as Google advertising cookies and other personal information you may have already provided to us (or we have received from a third party with your consent) in order to personalise the advertising that you see on and off the carsales Network.  The Google Analytics Advertising Features used by carsales are called Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.  You can opt out of these by visiting Google Analytics’ site here.
carsales uses Nielsen/NetRatings web analytics tools to measure and analyse internet usage across the carsales Network of websites. This service helps us measure and respond to our online consumers. The data collected does not identify a user personally. Users can access more information about their choices regarding Nielsen/Netratings here.
Our properties may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, like Digital Content Ratings. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy.

