 The Bristol Panama is committed to safeguarding your privacy while visiting our website, namely www.thebristol.com. Our goal is to provide you with an Internet experience that delivers the information, resources and services that the Hotel in Panama City, Panama has to offer and is relevant to your needs. To achieve this goal, part of the operation of the Site includes gathering certain types of information about users. We understand that your privacy is important and wish to explain the types of information we may gather and the way in which we would use it. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site.
This policy will cover two types of information gathered at the Site: personal and aggregated. The term 'personal information' refers to data you voluntarily provide while using the Site that identifies you and/or the company on whose behalf you are accessing and using the Site. Examples of personal information may include data in connection with our services such as your name, email address, phone number, company affiliation, physical address and/or certain other personal information. The term 'aggregated data' refers to general information regarding Site visitors and users that relate specifically to the Site, e.g. traffic patterns, number of visits to certain pages, visits from other web sites or to third-party web sites linked to the Site, use of particular services and interest in services, information or features of the Site or other parties made available through or found at the Site.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED ABOUT YOU? HOW DO WE USE IT?
The Bristol Panama City Hotel in Panama takes the utmost care to ensure that the personal information we obtain from you is not used in a way that you may not be aware of or may not be agreeable to as well. You may wish to submit an information request about the Hotel, participate in one of our promotions or subscribe to our email or postal mail lists. In response, we may ask for information such as your name and postal address. In the event that you opt to provide us with this information, we will only use it for the purpose specified by you at the bottom of the information gathering form. In deciding whether or not to join such lists, please note that they are only used for The Bristol Panama purposes. We do not sell, rent or share any of your personal information with any other party including third-party joint promoters, nor use it for commercial purposes.
PERMISSION FOR USE
The Bristol Panama City luxury hotel may collect and use personal information that you submit at the Site in any manner consistent with uses in this Privacy Policy or disclosed elsewhere in the Site at the point you submit such personal information. At the time you submit personal information or make a request, the intended use of the information you submit will be apparent in the context in which you submit it and/or because the Site states the intended purpose. By submitting personal information at the Site, you are giving consent and permission for any use that is consistent with uses stated in this Privacy Policy or disclosed elsewhere at the Site at the point you submit such personal information. Such consent will be presumed by The Bristol Panama unless you state otherwise at the time you submit the personal information. Please do not request any such communications on behalf of an individual or company if you are not authorized to make the request.
WITHDRAWING CONSENT TO USE
If, after permitting use of your personal information, you later decide that you no longer want The Bristol Panama to include you on its mailing list or otherwise contact you or use your personal information in the manner disclosed in this Privacy Policy or at the Site, simply tell us by sending an email.
USE OF AGGREGATED DATA
The Bristol Panama is interested in improving the Site and may develop and offer new features and services. We monitor aggregated data regarding use of the Site for marketing purposes and to study, improve and promote use of the Site. In connection with such purposes, The Bristol Panama may share aggregated data with third parties collectively and in an anonymous way. Disclosure of aggregated data does not reveal personal information about individual Site users in any way that identifies who they are or how to contact them.
EXCEPTIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY ON USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:
The Bristol Panama may monitor and, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required, disclose information to protect the security, property, assets and/or rights of The Bristol Panama from unauthorized use or misuse of the Site or anything found at the Site.
The Bristol Panama may disclose information when required by law. However, it’s only to the extent necessary and in a manner that seeks to maintain the privacy of the individual.
USE OF COOKIES
To enable features at the Site, The Bristol Panama may assign one or more 'cookies' to your Internet browser. Cookies, among other things, speed navigation though our Site, keep track of information so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site and may provide you with customized content. A cookie is an Internet mechanism composed of a small text file containing a unique identification number that permits a web server to send small pieces of information or text by means of your browser and place them on your computer's hard drive for storage. This text lets the web server know if you have previously visited the web page. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user.
We use cookies to collect and maintain aggregated data (such as number of visitors) to help us see which areas are most popular with our users and improve and update the content on our Site. While in the process of browsing our Site, you also provide us with information that doesn't reveal your personal identity -- what type of destination you're exploring, for example.
We use this aggregated data only as explained in this Privacy Policy. We do not connect aggregated data to any name, address or other identifying information.
You may occasionally receive cookies from unaffiliated companies or organizations to the extent that they place advertising on our Site or are linked to the Site. These third-party cookies may collect information about you when you 'click' on their advertising or content link. This practice is standard in the Internet industry. Because of the way in which the Internet operates, we cannot control collection of this information by these third parties and the cookies are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY & PARENTAL CONSENT
Please be aware that The Bristol Panama has designed this Site to be used for information only purposes by all ages. However, as with any Site parental consent is encouraged.
You must be at least 18 years old to make reservations and/or submit personal information on our Site. Should The Bristol Panama inadvertently acquire personal information or any other data from users under the age of 18, The Bristol Panama will not knowingly provide this data to any third party for any purpose whatsoever and any subsequent disclosure would be due to the fact the user under 18 used the Site and submitted personal information without solicitation by or permission from The Bristol Panama.
LINKS PROVIDED TO OTHER SITES
The Bristol Panama may provide links to a number of other web sites that we believe might offer you useful information and services. However, those sites may not follow the same privacy policies of The Bristol Panama. Therefore, we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the actions of third parties, including without limitation, any web site owners whose sites may be reached through this Site, nor can we control the activities of those web sites. We urge you to contact the relevant parties controlling these sites by accessing their online policies for the relevant information about their data collection practices before submitting any personal information or other sensitive data.
WHAT INFORMATION IS SECURE? WHAT ISN'T?
Email communication to and from our site is not secure unless clearly noted otherwise. This is a risk inherent in the use of email. Please be aware of this when requesting information or sending forms to us by email.
When working with our internal database created online opt-in activity on www.thebristol.com site, we employ industry standard encryption technologies to help protect consumer data.
USER CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Use of this Site signifies your consent as well as the consent of the company for whom you use the Site and whose information you submit (if any) to this online Privacy Policy, including the collection and use of information by The Bristol Panama as described in this statement and also signifies agreement to the terms of use for the Site. Continued access and use of the Site without acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy relieves The Bristol Panama from responsibility to the user.
POLICY MODIFICATIONS & CONTACTING THE BRISTOL PANAMA
The Bristol Panama reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Notice of changes will be published on this page. Changes will always be prospective, not retroactive. If you have any questions about our policies, please contact: sales@thebristol.com.

GENERAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE WEBSITE  In line with the regulations set out in article 10 of Law 34/2002 of 11 July concerning information society services and electronic commerce, the general information concerning the Website is provided below:  Owner: Bristol Hotel, S.A. Address: Zona 10, Aquilino de la Guardia Ave., Panama, Panama Fiscal ID No.: 42855-7528-9551 D.V. 26 E-mail: info@thebristol.com Telephone: +507 264-0000 

 
