
The Data Protection Act puts obligations on users of personal information and lays down principles for its use. One principle states that information has to be processed fairly and lawfully. This means that you are entitled to know how we intend to use any information you provide. You can then decide whether you want to give it to us.
Organisations must lodge a notification with the Information Commissioner describing the purposes for which they process personal information. The details are publicly available from the Commissioner's office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF. (Tel 01625 545745. Fax 01625 524510). Alternatively, see the Commissioner's website (www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk).
Unless you have given us your consent, we will not provide information about you to companies outside our group to use for their own marketing purposes. Sometimes we need to give information to our agents and subcontractors so that they can provide a particular service for us. Sometimes, these companies may be located abroad in countries that do not have adequate data protection laws. In these circumstances we always take great care to ensure that your personal information is kept safe and secure. Where appropriate, details relating to your Nectar Card and number of points earned will be passed, via Sainsbury's Supermarkets Ltd, to Aimia Coalition Loyalty UK Limited so that they can administer the Nectar Programme. If you hold a credit card with us, we will share transaction details with our scheme providers (e.g. Visa or MasterCard). Other members of our group may also share your information (but not financial details) to help keep their records up to date and administer your relationship with them.
We are also committed to meeting the Standards of Lending Practise which are monitored and enforced by the LSB: http://www.lendingstandardsboard.org.uk Occasionally, the LSB's compliance monitoring body audits a sample of our customer records to assess our compliance with the Standards.  Whenever this happens, strict confidentiality conditions are always imposed.
Some Acts of Parliament oblige us to disclose information about our customers to certain bodies with statutory powers. For example, we must give information to authorised benefit fraud investigators where fraudulent benefit claims are suspected. In addition, the Inland Revenue has the statutory authority to audit our customers' accounts from time to time.
If you apply to us for a credit-based product, the details you provide, the information we already have and information from credit reference agencies are used to assess credit risk using a technique called ‘credit scoring’. Various factors in all these details help us to assess the risk. A score is given to each factor and a total credit score obtained. If your score is above a confidential pre-set pass score, the application is likely to succeed.
If you e-mail us, or give us your e-mail address, we will keep a record of it. We, and other parts of the J Sainsbury's Group, including Sainsbury's energy and phone services, may use it to keep their records up to date, administer your relationship with them and contact you occasionally about other products and services, which may interest you, unless you ask us not to do so. We will not give your e-mail address to any unauthorised third parties. When e-mailing us, we recommend you use the e-mail facility on our websites to make sure that the content of your e-mail is secure. If you send us e-mail in other ways, remember that it will be ‘insecure’ and could be intercepted. If you do send us ‘insecure’ email, please keep the amount of confidential information you include to a minimum. We will do likewise when we reply. With your permission, we may also send you text messages containing administrative information about your relationship with us. You can ask us to stop sending these messages at any time.
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer and are commonly used on the internet. We may use cookies to help provide you with our online services.
The Data Protection Act defines certain information as ‘sensitive’ (racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, criminal proceedings and offences). If you apply to us for insurance, a pension, health insurance or life assurance, we may ask you for some ‘sensitive’ details. We will only use this information to provide the service you require and we will ask for your explicit consent. As a Sainsbury's Bank customer, there may be times when you give us sensitive information. We may share it with our subcontractors to keep your records up to date. Some transactions that you (or an additional cardholder) make on a card account may cause sensitive or confidential details to appear on your statement. If your card is used for such transactions, we believe that the details appear on your statement with your explicit consent.

