
When you apply to us to open an account, we will: 

Check our own records for information on: 

The accounts or other products you hold with us;
And, if you have one, your spouse/ (personal) partner’s personal accounts (a personal partner will be someone with whom you have a relationship that creates a joint financial unit in a similar way to a married couple. You will normally, but not necessarily, be living at the same address. It is not intended to include temporary arrangements such as students or flat sharers); and
If you are a director or partner in a small business, we may also check on your business accounts (a small business is defined as an organisation, which might be sole trader, partnership or a limited company that has three or less partners or directors).

Search at credit reference agencies for information on: 

Your personal accounts;
And, if you have ever done the following, we will check the personal accounts of your financial associates (e.g. joint account holders and those that are financially dependent or linked to you) as well: 

If you are making a joint application now;
If you have previously made a joint application (or applications);
If you have joint account(s);
If you are financially linked (credit reference agencies may link together the records of people that are part of a financial unit. They may do this when people are known to be linked, such as being married or have jointly applied for credit or have joint accounts. They may also link people together if they, themselves, state that they are financially linked);
If there is insufficient information to enable us to assist you, we may also check other members of your family;
If you are a director or partner in a small business we may also check on your business accounts; and
We will also search at fraud prevention agencies for information on you and other members of your household and your business (if you have one).



What we do with the information you supply to us as part of the application: 

Information that is supplied to us will be sent to the credit reference agencies;
If you tell us that you have a spouse or (personal) partner, we will: 

Search, link and/or record information at credit reference agencies about you both;
Link joint applicants and/or any individual identified as your spouse or partner, in our own records;
Take both your personal information and your personal partner’s personal information (if you have one) into account in future applications by either or both of you; and
Continue this linking until the account closes, or is changed to a sole account and one of you notifies us that you are no longer linked, 

so you must be sure that they are aware you are disclosing personal information about them to us for this purpose.
If you give us false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we will record this and may also pass this information to financial and other organisations involved in fraud prevention to protect us, them and our respective customers from theft and fraud.
With the information that we obtain we will: 

Assess this application for credit; 
Verify your identity and the identity of your spouse/partner; 
Undertake checks for the prevention and detection of fraud and/or money laundering;
Manage your personal account with us; and
Undertake periodic statistical analysis or testing to ensure the accuracy of existing and future Services, any or all of these processes may be automated.

We may use scoring methods to assess this application and to verify your identity.
If you are applying for one of our insurance products, we will share your details with our chosen group of insurers for them to process your application and, if appropriate, offer you an insurance product. The insurers may hold your information for a reasonable period for record keeping purposes, and may be required to share your information either where required by law, with regulators or statutory bodies or with third parties where you have been notified or it is obvious that they will do so.

What we do when you have an account: 

Where you borrow or may borrow from us, we will give details of your personal account including names and parties to the account and how you manage it/them to credit reference agencies;
If you borrow and do not repay in full and on time, we will tell credit reference agencies;
We may make periodic searches of our records, credit reference and fraud prevention agencies to manage your account with us, to take decisions regarding your identity and also credit, including whether to make credit available or to continue or extend existing credit, or to close your account if it is dormant or you are no longer resident in the UK;
If you have borrowed from us and do not make payments that you owe us, we will trace your whereabouts to recover payment (where appropriate, this may be carried out by third party debt collection and recovery agencies on behalf of the Sainsbury’s Group, or by a third party debt purchaser) – this may result in us sending notices to an address that our tracing agents tell us you have moved to; 
If you hold one of our insurance products and wish to make an insurance claim, we may pass your information to the relevant insurance company which has underwritten your product, who will process your claim. Such information may also be put on a register of claims by that insurance company and shared with other insurers to prevent fraudulent claims;
We will contact you shortly before the maturity of any fixed term or fixed rate products. This ensures that you are aware of the options available and helps you make an informed decision about your maturity instructions; and
In order to comply with money laundering regulations, there are times when we need to confirm (or reconfirm) the name and address of our customers. 

Credit Referencing
If you apply for any of our credit-based products (e.g. insurance, loan, mortgage or credit card), we will perform searches with credit reference agencies. We may give details of your account and how you conduct it to credit reference agencies. If you borrow and do not repay in full and on time, we may inform credit reference agencies who will record the outstanding debt.
The information below provides further details about how credit reference agencies, us and other lenders use your information.
Q: What is a credit reference agency?
A: Credit reference agencies (“CRAs”) collect and maintain information on consumers’ and businesses’ credit behaviour, on behalf of lenders in the UK (e.g. Experian).
Q: What is CRAIN? 
A: The UK’s three Credit Reference Agencies (i.e. Experian, Equifax & Call Credit) have made changes to their Fair Processing Notices and created the Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (“CRAIN”). CRAIN will ensure that the financial industry delivers standardised, clear and consistent information to consumers to explain how CRAs use and share personal information, the type of information they hold, where it comes from and the legalities of handling personal information. 
Q: What is a fraud prevention agency?
A: Fraud Prevention Agencies (“FPAs”) collect, maintain and share information on known and suspected fraudulent activity (e.g. Cifas). Some CRAs also act as FPAs.
Q: Why do you use them when I have applied to your organisation?
A: Although you have applied to us and we will check our own records, we will also contact CRAs to get information on your credit behaviour with other organisations. This will help us make the best possible assessment of your overall situation before we make a decision.
Q: Where do they get the information?
A: The information is usually publicly available, and comes from the following sources: 

The Electoral Register at Local Authorities;
County Court Judgments from Registry Trust;
Bankruptcy information from the Insolvency Service;
Fraud information from fraud prevention agencies; and
Credit information comes from information on applications to banks, building societies, credit card companies etc and also from the conduct of those accounts.

Q: How will I know if my information is to be sent to a CRA or FPA?
A: When you apply for a product, where relevant, we will notify you if your information may be sent to a CRA or FPA.
Q: Why is my personal information used in this way?
A: We and other organisations want to make the best possible decisions we can, in order to make sure that you will be able to repay us. Some organisations may also use the information to check your identity. In this way we can ensure that we all make responsible decisions. At the same time we also want to make decisions quickly and easily and, by using up to date information, provided electronically, we are able to make the most reliable and fair decisions possible.
Q: Who controls what credit reference agencies are allowed to do with my personal information?
A: All organisations that collect and process personal information are regulated by the Data Protection Act 1998 or (from 25 May 2018) the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) and the Data Protection Act 2018, overseen by the Information Commissioner’s Office. All credit reference agencies are in regular dialogue with the Commissioner. Use of the Electoral Register is controlled under the Representation of the People Act 2000.
Q: Can anyone look at my personal information held at credit reference agencies?
A: No, access to your information is very strictly controlled and only those that are entitled to do so may see it. Usually that will only be with your agreement or (very occasionally) if there is a legal requirement.
Q: What do Credit Reference Agencies do and how do they use personal information?
A: When credit reference agencies receive a search from us they will: 

Place a search “footprint” on your credit file whether or not this application proceeds. If the search was for a credit application, the record of that search (but not the name of the organisation that carried it out) may be seen by other organisations when you apply for credit in the future. This may affect your ability to obtain credit elsewhere in the near future; 
Link together the records of you and anyone that you have advised is your financial associate including previous and subsequent names of parties to the account. Links between financial associates will remain on your and their files until such time as you or your partner successfully files for a disassociation with the credit reference agencies;
Supply to us: 

Credit information such as previous applications for financial products and the conduct of the accounts in your name and of your financial associate(s) (if there is a link between you);
Public information such as County Court Judgments (CCJs) and bankruptcies;
Electoral Register information; and
Fraud prevention information;

When information is supplied by us, to them, about you:

the details that are supplied on your personal account(s) including previous and subsequent names of parties to the account and how you manage it/them;
that you have not satisfied a debt to us, or do not repay it in full or on time; and
keep your records on file for a period of time (as defined by law) after your account is closed, whether settled by you or defaulted.

Credit reference agencies will NOT use your personal information: 

to create a blacklist; or
to make a decision.

Credit reference agencies may supply the information which we, other organisations and fraud prevention agencies provide to the credit reference agencies about you and your financial associates to other organisations, where it will be used by them to: 

Verify your identity if you or your financial associate applies for other facilities including all types of insurance applications and claims;
Make decisions on credit, credit related services and on motor, household, life and other insurance proposals and insurance claims, about you, your partner, other members of your household or your business;

Credit reference agencies may also use this information to:

Trace your whereabouts and help us (and other creditors) to recover payments if you do not make payments you owe;
Conduct checks for the prevention and detection of crime including fraud and/or money laundering;


If you would like to find out more, you can contact the 3 agencies currently operating in the UK; the information they hold may not be the same so it is worth contacting them all. 

Call Credit, Consumer Services Team, PO Box 491, Leeds, LS3 1WZ or call 0870 0601414 or log on to www.callcredit.co.uk(Opens New Window)
Equifax Ltd, Customer Service Centre, PO Box 10036, Leicester, LE3 4FS or call 0800 014 2955 or log on to www.equifax.co.uk(Opens New Window)
Experian Ltd, Consumer Help Service, PO Box 8000, Nottingham NG80 7WF or call 0344 481 8000 or log on to experian.co.uk(Opens New Window)

If you have been refused credit you can get advice from your local Trading Standards Department, Citizens Advice Bureau and/or the agencies’ web sites. The Information Commissioner also produces a useful leaflet entitled ‘Credit Explained’. You can obtain a free copy on the Information Commissioner’s website or by telephoning 0870 600 8100.
Fraud Prevention Agencies (or “FPAs”)
We have systems that protect our customers and ourselves against fraud and other crime. Personal information can be used to prevent crime and trace those responsible. If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified, details will be passed to FPAs. 
Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information. We and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering, for example, when:

Checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities;
Managing credit and credit related accounts or facilities;
Recovering debt;
Checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance; and
Checking details of job applicants and employees.

Please contact us on if you want to receive details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies. We and other organisations may access and use from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies. 

