We request personal details on the order form for our records only. We will not disclose customer information to third parties. Whenever you provide such information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the Data Protection Act 1998.
We collect and use different information depending on whether you are using our websites or mobile apps and this Privacy Policy explains how we use that information.
Please note that our services may contain links to websites or apps that are owned and operated by third parties. These websites and apps will have their own privacy policies that govern the collection and use of your personal information which you should review. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites so your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Types of information we may store
When you sign up to our services, such as our website forums, mobile applications, regular newsletters, enter competitions, buy a magazine subscription, order products or take up a reader offer we may ask for personal information about you. This can include information such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone or mobile number or date of birth. Different services may ask for different types of information.
If you are aged 16 or under, you must get your parent/guardian’s permission before you provide us with your personal information. Unless you have this consent you are not allowed to give us your information.
Here is some more specific detail:

Information you give to us: information that you provide by filling in forms on our services. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use an app or website, subscribing to any services, posting material, filling in a survey or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion and when you report a problem with our services. 

Information about your use of our websites: we may collect your IP address and use cookies on our websites – see our cookie policy below. 

Information about the device you are using: if you download one of our apps we may collect information about the device you use to access the app, including, where available, the device’s unique identifiers, operating system, browser type and mobile network information as well as the device’s telephone number, for system administration and to report statistical information to our advertisers. 

Information about your use of our app: We may also collect information about your use of the app such as what pages you look at and what elements you tap or pages you interact with. 

Information about your location: when you use one of our location-enabled services, we may collect information about your actual location but we will always ask you about this first. You can change your mind at any time by updating your preferences on your device. 

Information about transactions: If you purchase something from us such as a magazine subscription or an app, we will make a record of the details of that transaction. 

Contact information: if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;


How we look after your information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (this includes the EU, Iceland, Norway and
Liechtenstein). Your information will be processed by staff where it is necessary to fulfil an order, process payment details or provide you with other support services.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its security and when giving us your information you do so at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We will hold your information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us. If you change your registration profile to opt-out of receiving communications from us, your record will stay on the system so we can ensure that we do not contact you in the future. If you wish to cancel your registration, you may do so by emailing [email protected].
How we use your information
We will use your information for a number of purposes including the following:

to send you carefully selected special offers and promotions from the service you are using/title you have purchased and from Green Parent Media by email, post, telephone, SMS or push notification (where applicable and permitted by the app store you use). You can opt-out of these marketing messages at any time by sending an email to [email protected], including your full name, user name (if applicable), postcode, details of the service you are using and/or magazine subscription information. Please note that it may take up to two weeks to implement this change in your preferences. You will always be given a straightforward way to opt out of our marketing messages each time you receive a communication from us.

we may use your IP address to identify your location, the number of visits from different countries and also to block disruptive use;

if we need to contact you for reasons related to the service you have signed up for e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service has been suspended for maintenance;

to tell you about changes to our service;

to contact you about a submission or contribution you have made to our websites, forums or magazines, including any content you provide;

to personalise or improve the way our content and advertising is presented to you online:

to analyse and improve the services we offer e.g. to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience or the most relevant information;

to manage our competitions and contact the winners;

to meet product orders, requests for services or information and to process payments and any other requests you make of us; 

to keep our records up to date;

to invite you to participate in surveys about our services (participation is always voluntary);

to enable other people or businesses to carry out work on our behalf;

where you have given us your permission, to pass your information to carefully selected organisations to allow them to tell you about their special offers or products and services that may be of interest to you.

to ensure that any advertising you see is relevant to you. 

Sharing your information with others
We believe strongly in protecting your data and will only use your information within Green Parent Media in order to provide the service/product you have requested. 
We will only disclose your information to third parties with your consent or where we need to do so in order to provide a service you have requested.
We will also disclose your information to third parties when the disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies). Please note that if you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on our services, or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour, we may use your information to stop such behaviour. In this instance we may use your information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer, school e-mail/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
Your rights and further information
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. We charge £10 for information requests and will require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved photographic identification. We will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you on our files.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other mobile or handheld device (such as smart phones or tablets) as you browse websites. They are used to remember when your computer or device accesses the website and they allow us to track numbers of visitors, location of browsers and the type of device used to access the site which helps us to improve our service for you as well as assist in our audience analysis.
The cookies used on this site do not collect or record information on users’ name, address or other contact details and will not able to identify customers. The Green Parent website uses cookies through Google Analytics for the reasons mentioned above.
You can find out more about the cookies used by Google Analytics here.
Our shop is run through Fastcart and they also use cookies to maintain your basket whilst you are purchasing items and to allow the transactions to go through. You can see the Fastcart Privacy & Cookies Policy here.
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access this website are set by Google Analytics to help with our marketing activities and Fastcart to enable customers to make purchases on our website and both are operating on behalf of The Green Parent.
What are cookies used for?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are:-

for technical purposes essential to effective operation of website, particularly in relation to online transactions;

to enable Green Parent Media to collect information about the browsing habits and activities of customers.


Social Media Cookies
As a website user, you may have third party cookies from social networks such as Facebook or Twitter stored in your browser. Cookies may be created when you select to stay logged in to these networks, or when you agree to their privacy policies which often give consent to these networks displaying related information. If you do not wish to share your information, it is recommended that you log out of these networks.
How do I disable cookies?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How to do this will depend on the browser you use and we provide further detail below on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers:-
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:

Choose the menu ‘Tools’ then ‘Internet Options’ then select the ‘Privacy’ tab

Select the setting the appropriate setting


For Mozilla Firefox:

Choose the menu ‘Tools’ then ‘Options’ and then click on the ‘Privacy’ icon

Find the menu ‘Cookie’ and select the relevant options


What happens if I disable cookies?
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the site may not operate properly if cookies are switched off. If you disable all cookies you will be unable to complete a purchase on this site.
