
Join EasyHits4U

 
Login with Google+ 



				OR
			  


Fill out short registration form 


				Check the instructions before starting the registration to receive your activation e-mail:

				


 Gmail
							


 Yahoo
							


 Outlook
							


 AOL
							


 BoxBe
							




Gmail Users
							To make sure that you receive emails from us please follow these instructions:

							
Download the CSV file (“comma-separated list”) from us to your hard drive: EasyHits4U CSV (right-click "Save as…")
Log into your Gmail account, click on the “Contacts” menu option, then click on the “More” link in the top menu, then click on the “Import...” link in the submenu.
Select CSV file above from your hard drive in the new popup.
Click on the “Import” button and you are done. Now you will not lose any e-mail messages from us.




Yahoo Users
							To make sure that you receive emails from us please follow these instructions:
							
Download the CSV file (“comma-separated list”) from us to your hard drive: EasyHits4U CSV (right-click "Save as…")
Log into your Yahoo mailbox, click on the “Contacts” menu option, then click on the “Import Contacts” button.
Choose Others option.
Then choose "A desktop email program (Outlook, AppleMail, etc..." option.
Select a file: Choose one of the downloaded vCard files from your hard drive.
Click on the “Import” button and you are done. Now you will not lose any e-mail messages from us.
								Repeat this step for two other vCard files clicking on the "Import more" button.
								




Outlook Users
							To make sure that you receive emails from us please follow these instructions:
							
Download the CSV file (“comma-separated list”) from us to your hard drive: EasyHits4U CSV (right-click "Save as…")
Log into your Outlook account, click on the “People…” link in the top menu and choose “Import from file” option in the menu.
Do not change "Microsoft Outlook (using CSV)" on the Step 2 and choose the file to import on the Step 3: Choose a file above from your hard drive.
Click on the “Import contacts” button and you are done. Now you will not lose any e-mail messages from us.
							



AOL Users
							To make sure that you receive emails from us please follow these instructions:
							
Download the CSV file (“comma-separated list”) from us to your hard drive: EasyHits4U CSV (right-click "Save as…")
Log into your AOL account, click on the “Contacts” option in the left menu and choose “Tools > Import” option in the top menu.
Choose file above from your hard drive. Do not change default File type: Comma-separated value (CSV).
Click on the “Import” button and you are done. Now you will not lose any e-mail messages from us.
							



BoxBe Users
							Log into your BoxBe account, click on the "Approved Domains" in the right box and add easyhits4u.com OR click on the "Contacts" tab and add
							news@easyhits4u.com
							 in the "Add new guest email address" form field.

							 
							 







