What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?
We may collect personally identifiable information ("PII" - for example, your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number or credit card number) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us, such as when you purchase items from us, sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site. We may also collect PII from you--either directly or via a third party--in other ways, including, without limitation, if you choose to subscribe to our email program; participate in sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and polls; participate in our Personal Shopper program; post content or suggestions on this Site; or use any of this Site's other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content.
We also may collect other information about you, including, without limitation, demographic information (such as number of household members, age, and gender) and information about your purchase preferences directly from you (whether online or offline) or from third parties such as public databases, social media platforms, data append services and others. In addition, we may collect information (such as your interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with which you are affiliated, products you want, like or own) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide this information to us through any interaction with this Site or otherwise.
We may use the information we collect from and about you to: process and fulfill your order, notify you of your order status, prevent fraud and otherwise provide you with customer service; respond to your inquiries and requests; create an account and register you as a registered Site user ("Registered User") and/or Shop Your Way member ("Member"); for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites, as well as about our products, programs or services; provide you with mobile alerts, if you have requested them; customize your experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites; provide you with relevant offers, products and services; permit you to use this Site's social networking features; or provide you with other services. Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts. We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products and services, enhancing our Sites, improving our services, personalizing your experiences, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook, Google or Yahoo. This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account. Once connected, you will be able to post content on the third-party website from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site(s). Any information or content that you post to the third-party website will be subject to that website's own privacy policy. We may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile, such as your name, location, profile picture and information, gender, list of friends, friends' profiles or postings, email address, wall postings and news feed.
We may use your PII to allow you to send messages to a friend through this Site. By using this functionality, you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend's name and email address.
Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location. Such technologies may include IP address mapping, WiFi, GPS signals, cell tower positioning or other technologies. We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers, products and services that may be of interest to you. For example, this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location. Sears Holdings has no control over your device settings, but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site.
Non-PII may be collected from you by means of cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), local shared objects and other technologies. Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer. We and our third party service providers use these technologies to identify your IP address, browser type, device characteristics, domain name, referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click. This data is collected automatically and utilized for data analytics, site operations, fraud prevention and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience. This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you. We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose, except where prohibited under applicable law.
