
Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions / Privacy PolicyCookies
Cookies (or browser cookies), Web Beacons, And Other Similar Technologies: Cookies are small bits of information that our web sites place on the hard drive of your computer. We use cookies to, among other things, facilitate our login processes; allow you to personalize and store your settings; collect usage information; determine our total audience size and traffic; and help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to users. No personally identifiable information is placed in these cookies. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, in hashed, non-human readable form.

A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that, if you agree, is stored on your browser or your computer’s hard drive when you visit a website. Newsweek uses cookies to distinguish you from other users, which helps provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are giving us your implied agreement to our use of cookies.

We use the following cookies:
1. Essential cookies. These cookies are needed for the operation of our website, these include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, make use of subscription or e-billing services.

2. Analytical/performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.

3. Service/functionality cookies. These can help us remember your registration and login details, preferences and to recognise you when you return to our website and personalise content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).

4. Behavioural/targeting cookies. These cookies are anonymous and cannot identify individuals. They record your visits to our website, the pages you visit, and the links you follow. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.Third party advertisements, content or applications displayed on our sites may also contain cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies set by Internet advertising companies, ad networks and services, content providers, application providers or advertisers. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. Visitors to our web sites should check the privacy policy of the responsible provider directly to see whether and how it uses these technologies and how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from them. (See the "Notice" section below for more information on third party advertisements).

You can set the browser on your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, block third party cookies or block all cookies. However, by blocking all cookies you may not have access to certain features on our web sites.

By using this website you are agreeing to our use of cookies.

