
Statement of Personal Data Processing  For "data processing" AdIntend srl means any operation or set of operations, carried out with the aid of computer and data for the collection, organization, preservation, processing, modification, selection, extraction, comparison,use, interconnection, blocking, communication, dissemination, erasure and destruction of such data. According to the law, this use will be based on principles of fairness, legality and transparency and protection of your privacy and rights.  Under current regulations we provide the following information: 1. The data you provide will be used for the correct use of our services and / or the use of the site nl.hitparades.org.  2. The data will be computerized at AdIntend srl's servers . We will only use this data in order to conduct operations necessary to execute the orders received by You and the provision of services requested. Some companies are direct collaborators of AdIntend srl and act as "Responsible for treatment" or as acting as "Data Controllers" of the treatment, in total autonomy. In particular we refers to companies that perform payment services, tax offices and treasuries, financial companies, banks, companies which deal maintenance for various reasons, scale works relative to payments, checks and other securities; transmission, packaging, transport and sorting activities; Census of contracts; registration, management and archiving records of relations with customers, auditing and certification of financial statements. An updated list of such subjects is available at the owner and is constantly updated. In the communication are respected the same security parameters required by law and treatments pursue only the purposes for which the data were collected.  In any case, your personal data will not be circulated.  3. The provision of data is mandatory and necessary for the correct use of the Website nl.hitparades.org and the refusal of provide such data could deny to use the services provided by AdIntend srl through the Site.  4. The data will not be disclosed to other parties, unless it is required in compliance with the law. If an optional express approval is given, AdIntend srl could send information and / or advertising for its account or on behalf of partner companies.  5. The owner of the data processing is: AdIntend srl - Corso Virginia Marini 23 - 15121 Alessandria - ITALY. 6. The representative of the holder in the State is: AdIntend srl - Corso Virginia Marini 23 - 15121 Alessandria - ITALY. 7. AdIntend srl claim to have taken the minimum security measures in order to mantain and to process the data in the manner and within the limits provided for by law.  8. At any time you exercise your rights towards the data controller addressing any request by registered letter to: AdIntend srl - Corso Virginia Marini 23 - 15121 Alessandria - ITALY , or write to: info@adintend.com 

