Purpose
Information Technology Services recognizes the need to follow established steps to address situations that could indicate the security of the University of San Diego's information assets may have been compromised. Such procedures include ensuring the appropriate level of University management becomes involved in the determination of actions implemented in response to an Information Security Incident.
This policy outlines the procedures for decision-making regarding emergency actions taken for the protection of the University of San Diego's information resources from accidental or intentional unauthorized access, disclosure or damage.  The fundamental intent of this policy is to:

Augment protection of USD IT resources and data from unauthorized access, use or damage,
Ensure that USD achieves its obligations under University policy, and federal and state laws and regulations with respect to information security incidents, and
Mitigate the impact from an information security incident.

Application
This policy describes the procedures when an information security incident is discovered involving an Academic or Administrative Computing System operated by the University, its faculty, students, employees, consultants, vendors or others operating such systems on behalf of USD. It also describes steps to be followed when information residing on any computing or information storage device is, or may have been, inappropriately accessed, whether or not such device is owned by USD.  Moreover, this policy is applicable to all University students, faculty, staff, and to all others granted use or custodianship of the University of San Diego information resources.
Practice/Standard
An Information Security Incident is defined as any real or suspected adverse event in relation to the unauthorized access of University computer systems, computer networks, which may constitute a breach of electronic data/information.   Such information may be restricted or prohibited information, including the following:

Social Security Numbers
Credit Card Numbers and Security Codes
Financial and Bank Account Numbers
Driver's License Numbers
Health Insurance Policy ID Numbers
Passport and Visa Information
Salary information
Tax information
Grades and Transcript information
FERPA Protected Information
HIPPA Protected Information
Background Check Reports

Examples of possible adverse events include:

Theft or loss of a laptop, desktop, or other device that contains restricted or prohibited information.
DoS (Denial of Service Attack).
Malware or Ransomware attack.
Unauthorized physical access to a USD Data Center.
The unauthorized use of a system for the processing, cloning, or storage of data.
Brute-Force Logon attempts to gain unauthorized access to a system or data.
Changes to system hardware, firmware, or software characteristics without the owner's knowledge, instruction, or consent.

If a member of the University of San Diego  Community who becomes aware of a potential Information Security Incident should immediately contact the ITS Help Desk at (619) 260-7900 or help@sandiego.edu to report the incident.  
When an Information Security Incident is reported, the University’s Chief Information Officer (CIO) will do the following:

Have the ITS Help Desk and/or Office of the CIO designee instruct the individual to avoid making any updates or other modifications to software, data, or equipment suspected of involvement with an Information Security Incident until after the ITS technical designee has completed its investigation and authorizes such activity. 
If a suspected system or device is available, ITS will work to disconnect the compromised system and equipment from USD's network.   If the suspected system or device is lost or stolen, ITS will attempt to locate it through USD’s Computrace Internet tracking software, via Absolute Software.
The CIO will appoint the appropriate IT professionals (DBA’s, Systems Architects, Network Engineers, Desktop Technicians, etc.) to investigate the Information Security Incident.  The individuals chosen to participate in the investigation may vary, depending upon the type of adverse event and skills needed to complete an investigation.
In order to complete a proper investigation, the CIO has the authority to restrict information system access or operations to protect against unauthorized information disclosures. In order to complete the investigation, the CIO may convene a preliminary fact-finding working group that may include relevant ITS technical staff and, if necessary University administrative staff.  The fact-finding group will focus on any logs, event monitoring statistics, or technical evidence to affirm or deny the suspected compromise of restricted or prohibited information.
If necessary, the CIO may engage an IT forensics firm and other technology vendors to help in defining the extent, root cause, and mitigation steps associated with a data breach.
The CIO will consult with the University Office of the General Counsel to determine if applicable federal or state laws or regulations may have been violated.   Law enforcement agencies will be notified, if appropriate.

Incident Response and Communications
Depending upon outcomes from the preliminary fact-finding working group, the CIO, in consultation with ITS Senior Director’s (NISS and ERPT) and other Administrative/Business unit leaders will determine if there is a significant likelihood of unauthorized access to prohibited or restricted Information.   If necessary, the CIO will convene an Information Security Incident Response Team (ISIRT), potentially composed of representatives from some or all of the following offices:

Information Technology Services
Finance and CFO’s Office
Office of the General Counsel
Internal Audit and/or Institutional Compliance Department
Office of the Associate Vice President for University Communications
Enterprise Resource Planning Technologies (Enterprise Applications Group)
Network Infrastructure Systems and Services
Division Vice Presidents or AVP’s, as needed.
Other departments or constituencies, as appropriate.

The ISIRT, will work with the Office of the CIO and Office of University Communications to develop and execute communication and other action plans to ensure:

Appropriate action is taken in a timely manner, including reporting, notification and other communication of the Information Security Incident, as required by law or otherwise deemed appropriate.  If necessary, University Communications, in coordination with the CIO’s office, will draw on language in a pre-drafted Data Breach Letter that is contained within the Communications Section of the University Emergency Response Plan. 
Progress reports are made on the Information Security Incident and execution of the mitigation efforts to appropriate groups:

Office of the President
Academic Affairs
Student Affairs
University Relations
Human Resources
Alumni Association
Other impacted constituencies, as appropriate for the incident.



In carrying out this responsibility, the ISIRT will ensure that important operational decisions are elevated to the appropriate levels to protect the fundamental interests of the University and others impacted by the incident.
The Office of the CIO (ITS Staff) will be responsible for documenting the deliberations and decisions of the ISIRT as well as all actions taken pursuant to ISIRT deliberations.
Incident Report
The Office of the CIO will be responsible for writing a final report on the incident and the investigation, which summarizes findings regarding the Information Security Incident and, if appropriate, makes recommendations for improvement of related information security practices and controls. The final report may include input for the preliminary fact-finding group, the Information Security Incident Response Team (ISIRT), and findings from any IT forensics firms and technology vendors involved in assessment of the incident.  The Report will be distributed to the Vice President for Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy, and other appropriate University office(s), if any.
Exceptions
This policy does not apply to externally hosted systems, vendor provided SaaS applications, or cloud based solutions in which USD Information Technology Services does not oversee the systems/data security (e.g. Salesforce/TargetX, Google Gmail/Docs, Microsoft Office 365, etc.).
 Status: In effect, created July, 2016; updated August 24, 2018  Policy Stewards: Sr. Director Enterprise Resource Planning Technologies and Sr. Director of Network Infrastructure, Systems, and Services Policy Owner: Chief Information Officer, ITS
