About this policy
Why develop a privacy policy?
The purpose of a privacy policy is to communicate clearly the personal information handling practices of an organisation. Privacy policies enhance the transparency of the operations of organisations. They also give individuals a better and more complete understanding of the sort of personal information an organisation holds and the way it handles that information. 

Privacy Act 1988
Crown Melbourne Limited (‘Crown’) is covered by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (‘Privacy Act’) and must comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Act. Under the APPs, Crown is required to have a clear and up to date policy on its management of personal information.

What is Crown’s policy?
Part A – Crown’s Personal Information Handling Practices explains our general information handling practices, including information about how Crown collects, uses, discloses and stores your personal information.

Part B – Crown’s Websites explains Crown’s personal information handling practices when you visit any of Crown’s websites.

Part C – Complaints explains how you may complain about a breach of the APPs and how Crown will deal with such a complaint. 

Where can I find more information?
You can find more information by contacting Crown (please refer to the “How to Contact Crown” section of this policy). 

Part A – Crown’s Personal Information Handling Practices

Crown’s obligations under the Privacy Act 1988
This privacy policy sets out how Crown complies with its obligations under the Privacy Act. Crown is bound by the APPs in the Privacy Act which regulate how organisations may collect, use, disclose and store personal information and how individuals may access and correct personal information held about them and complain about a breach of the APPs.

In this privacy policy, personal information (as defined in the Privacy Act) means information or an opinion, whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable. 

Collection
It is Crown’s usual practice to collect personal information directly from the individual.

Sometimes Crown collects personal information from a third party or a publicly available source, but only if the individual provides consent to such collection or would reasonably expect Crown to collect their personal information in this way.

Crown only collects personal information for purposes which are directly related to its functions or activities, and only when it is necessary for or directly related to such purposes, including: 
• Crown Signature Club
• Hotel reservations and related services
• Food and Beverage
• Entertainment
• Retail
• Marketing
• Competitions
• Financial transactions
• Complaint handling

Crown also collects personal information as part of its normal communication processes directly related to those purposes, including:
• When an individual emails staff members.
• When an individual phones Crown, their phone number may be stored. 
• When an individual hands Crown their business card.

Use and disclosure
Crown only uses personal information for the purposes for which it was given, or for purposes which are directly related to one of its functions or activities, and it does not give it to other organisations or anyone else, unless one of the following applies: 
• the individual has consented
• the individual would reasonably expect, or has been told, that information of that kind is usually passed to those individuals, bodies or agencies
• it is required or authorised by law
• it will prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to somebody's life or health
• it is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of the criminal law or of a law imposing a pecuniary penalty, or for the protection of public revenue.

Crown may share your personal information with an associated entity, other companies acting on Crown’s behalf or other casino operators. Crown may also share your personal information with overseas recipients located in countries where Crown or an associated entity, has staff or a business, including without limitation, the United Kingdom, America, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, India, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. Such disclosure is more likely if you are a customer residing outside of Australia.

Data quality
Crown takes steps to ensure that the personal information it collects is accurate, up to date and complete. These steps include maintaining and updating personal information when it is advised by individuals that their personal information has changed, and at other times as necessary.

Data security
Crown takes steps to protect the personal information it holds against loss, interference, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure and against other misuse. These steps include password protection for electronic files, securing paper files in locked cabinets and physical access restrictions. 

When no longer required, personal information is destroyed in a secure manner or deleted.

Access and correction
If an individual requests access to the personal information Crown holds about them, or requests that it changes that personal information, Crown will allow access or make the changes unless it considers that there is a sound reason under the Privacy Act or other relevant law to withhold the information.

If Crown does not agree to make requested changes to personal information the individual may make a statement about the requested changes and Crown will attach this to the record.

Individuals can obtain further information about how to request access or changes to the information Crown holds about them by contacting it (see details below).

How to contact Crown

Telephone 
+61 3 9292 8888

Post 
Privacy Manager
Crown Melbourne Limited
8 Whiteman Street
Southbank 3006
Melbourne, Australia

Facsimile 
+61 3 9292 5515

Email 
comments@crownmelbourne.com.au 

Part B – Crown’s Websites 
Users are advised that there are inherent risks in transmitting information across the internet. Individuals may contact Crown by phone or mail if they have concerns about making contact via the internet. For further information see How to contact Crown in Part A of this document.

Collection
When individuals only browse Crown’s websites, Crown does not collect their personal information.

Sometimes, Crown collects personal information that individuals choose to give it via online forms or by email, for example when individuals:
• ask to be on an email list 
• make a booking request at a restaurant 
• send Crown a written comment via Crown’s main webpage

When an individual looks at Crown’s websites a record is made of the individual’s visit and Crown logs the following information for statistical purposes:
• the individual’s server address 
• the individual’s top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .org, .au, etc) 
• the pages the individual accessed and documents downloaded
• the previous site the individual visited 
• the type of browser being used

Crown does not identify users or their browsing activities except in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect server logs.

Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record keeping purposes. The cookies operate as a unique identifier, which helps Crown to know what its customers find interesting and useful on its websites. Data collected from website use does not identify the user, allowing you to remain anonymous in Crown’s data collection. 

Most web browsers are set to accept cookies, however, if you do not wish to receive any cookies, you may set your browser to refuse them. In some instances this will mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of parts of the website that provides you with improved service. 

When an individual closes their browser the session cookie set by our websites is destroyed and no personal information is maintained, which might identify an individual, should they visit Crown’s website at a later date.

Use and disclosure
Crown only uses personal information collected via its websites for the purposes for which it was provided.

Crown does not share personal information about individuals with other organisations or anyone else, unless one of the following applies:
• the individual has consented
• the individual would reasonably expect, or has been told, that information of that kind is usually passed to those individuals, bodies or agencies
• it is required or authorised by law
• it will prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to somebody's life or health
• the disclosure is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of the criminal law or of a law imposing a pecuniary penalty, or for the protection of public revenue.

When an individual’s email address is received by Crown, because they sent a message to it, the email address will only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which they have provided it. It will not be added to a mailing list or used or disclosed for any other purpose, without the individual’s consent.

Data quality
Crown maintains and updates personal information collected from or published on its website as necessary or when it is advised by individuals that their personal information has changed. 

Data security
Individuals who choose to join Crown’s email lists, complete online forms or lodge enquiries will have their contact details stored on password protected databases.

Staff members associated with website maintenance have access to Crown’s website backend system which is password protected. Crown’s website server is also password protected.

Access and correction
For information about how to access or correct personal information collected on Crown’s websites, see Access and correction in Part A of this document.

Part C - Complaints
Crown takes its obligations pursuant to the Privacy Act seriously. Individuals may complain about a breach of the APPs by Crown by submitting their complaint in writing to Crown’s Privacy Manager using the address in the How to Contact Crown section of this policy. 
​
Any complaint should set out, in as much detail as possible, all the relevant particulars relating to the complaint, including why the individual says that Crown has breached the APPs. 

Upon receiving a written complaint, Crown will acknowledge receipt of the complaint in writing within 7 days. Crown will investigate the matters described in the complaint and then provide a substantive written response within 28 days from the date the written complaint was received by Crown.
.
