
PRIVACY POLICY 
Updates to this Privacy Policy 
We have updated this Privacy Policy on 7 March 2018 to reflect the fact that it is now possible to book journeys outside the UK using the Booking Service.  In order to facilitate the purchase of journeys outside the UK on the Booking Service either Trainline.com Limited, Trainline International Limited or Trainline SAS  (together the "Trainline Group") may now process your personal data as a controller.
LAST UPDATED ON 23/04/2018
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy sets out the procedures Trainline.com Limited has in place in relation to the collection, use and disclosure of information you may provide or we may collect via the Booking Service.
UPDATED: To facilitate purchases made on the Booking Service, either Trainline.com Limited, Trainline International Limited or Trainline SAS  (together the "Trainline Group") may process your personal data as a controller.
Your Consent
By using this Booking Service, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy and whenever you submit information via the Booking Service, or otherwise use the Booking Service, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Active Collection of information
Some parts of the Booking Service require you to actively submit information in order for you to benefit from specific features, or make ticket bookings. Some of this information may be personal (namely, information that can identify you, such as your name, address, phone number, age or date of birth). We only collect such information when you choose to supply it to us. You confirm that the information you enter about yourself and any other passengers who you are booking for is true, and that when you are submitting personal data belonging to anyone other than yourself you have permission from those passengers, or parental or guardian’s consent where that person is a child under 16.
UPDATED: Please note that if you call us we record your phone call and retain the recording for three months.  This helps both us and you as a customer because it means that: i) We have a record of our interaction with you to assist us in dealing with live sales support activities; and ii) We can resolve issues more quickly, based on queries you have recently raised. 
Passive Collection of Information
We may collect and process anonymous information about your use of the Booking Service, such as some of the pages you visit and some of the searches you perform. Such information is used by us to help us improve the contents of the site and to compile, for internal market research purposes, aggregate statistics about individuals using it. This kind of anonymous information can be obtained by our use of "cookies" as well as other means. Please see our "Cookies" section below for more information on our use of cookies.
We may also share anonymous information about your use of the Booking Service with third parties for analytical purposes.
Cookies
We use "cookies" and other similar anonymous tracking technologies on our Booking Service in order to distinguish you from other users of our Booking Service and to help provide you with a good experience when you use our Booking Service. A "cookie" is a small piece of information that is stored within your browser and allows us to identify those requests to our Booking Service that originate from your computer, and sometimes provide additional information such as your recent searches on our Booking Service. We also work with third parties who use cookies and other similar anonymous tracking technologies, including but not limited to web beacons, on our Booking Service to collect browser and other information.
Most web browsers allow you to configure your browser settings to refuse all or some cookies. How you do this will depend on the web browser you use, but we have set out a step-by-step guide to the most popular browsers in our dedicated cookies page .  However, if you use your browser setting to block all cookies you will not be able to access all or parts of our Booking Service.
For more information about cookies generally and the different types of cookies that we use on our Booking Service, please see our dedicated cookies page. The dedicated cookies page also provides information on how to manage your preferences. By not setting your preferences to refuse certain cookies you are permitting cookies to be used and you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy and the dedicated cookies page. By using our Booking Service you agree that you are aware of and understand that cookies are used on our Booking Service (including cookies which are set and controlled by third parties) and the purposes for which they are used. Our dedicated cookies page forms an integral part of this Privacy Policy.
We, together with some of the third parties we work with (this includes but isn't limited to Google, Switch Concepts and Acxiom) also use cookies to collect information about your browsing activity.  This helps us and these third parties to make sure that when you browse our Website or other websites, or when you use our Mobile Application, you see advertising that is relevant and of interest to you.  For more information please see our Cookies Policy or Your Online Choices.  
Use of Information
Your personal information submitted to us is used for operational purposes, for example, producing tickets, processing payments (including fraud screening) or confirming orders, alerting you about your booked journeys or upcoming expiration of a season ticket, constantly improving and adding to the tools and features that we provide to you on our Website and Mobile Application, and to personalise your shopping experience by using your purchases and browsing activity to make recommendations to you about products and services that we think may be of interest to you.
We and/or our authorised third parties (including the Rail Delivery Group ("RDG")) may also use your personal information: (a) for internal market research and analysis purposes; and (b) to carry out survey related activities with you.
If you contact us we may be able to see information about your recent activity on our Website - such as your recent searches, recent error messages shown and/or your recent purchases. This enables us to provide you with an efficient service, and reduce the need for you to repeat information to us that you have already input into the Website.
You can use our booking service without logging in or registering as a new user.  Where you’re already a registered user of our Booking Service and you book a ticket as a “guest” without logging in (using your registered email address), your confirmation email will contain a link inviting you to log into your Trainline account and manage your bookings.  If you follow the link and log in you’ll have the opportunity to associate your guest bookings to your account so that your guest bookings can be viewed within “My Bookings”.  Unless you follow this link your guest bookings will not be visible in your account, however, any updates made to your marketing preferences will be updated in your account.  Where you’re not a registered user and you book a ticket as a “guest” without registering, your confirmation email will contain a link inviting you to register.  If you follow this link in order to register you will have the opportunity to associate your guest bookings to your account so that your guest bookings can be viewed within “My Bookings” and your marketing preferences can be viewed within your account.
Sharing of Information
We may share your personal information with third parties (including third parties outside of the EU) for the purpose of (a) processing a booking reservation, hotel or travel insurance product or otherwise in relation to fulfilling a booking you have made via the Booking Service; (b) for marketing services (where you have consented to receive such marketing services); (c) for processing payment (including fraud screening); (d) for advertising on our Website, our Mobile Application, in our emails and elsewhere on the internet, including targeted advertising of the Trainline Group's own products and services and certain third parties' products or services (and for these purposes we and certain third parties we work with will collect information about your browsing activity so we can help make the advertising referred to above more relevant to you); (e) collecting your comments if you choose to provide feedback through our website or app (f) assisting our Trainline for Business customers who use self-managed accounts to get the best out of our platform; and (g) for undertaking any other permitted use of your personal information on our behalf. These service providers will only have access to the personal information needed to perform the relevant service and may not use your personal information for any other purpose. They will also be required to use your personal information strictly in accordance with data protection laws, including maintaining adequate security measures to protect such personal information.
UPDATED: If you chose to pay in any currency other than Euros, Visa and Mastercard transactions will be processed by Trainline.com Limited, 120 Holborn, London, EC1N 2TD (company number: 03846791).  If you chose to pay in Euros, Visa and Mastercard transactions will be processed by Trainline SAS, Paris (75009) – 20 rue Saint-Georges (company number 512 277 450).
We may also share your personal information (a) with your employer or your employer's travel agency if you are purchasing your ticket as a result of (i) your employer's corporate travel services agreement with us, ii) your employer's travel agency arrangement with us (as applicable), or iii) your employer’s self-managed Trainline for Business account - in such circumstances your employer or your employer’s travel agency shall be a data controller in respect of your personal information; (b) with any person who takes over our business to use your personal information on the same basis as we do; (c) with the train operator, transport carrier or any other service provider who provides you with any part of the services booked (Please check the privacy policy of the train operating company or transport carrier you travel with for further details as to how they use your personal information); and (d) with legal or regulatory authorities (including the Department for Transport) where we are lawfully requested or required to do so, or voluntarily to the Police and similar law enforcement agencies (including, but not limited to, fraud prevention and detection), other government agencies or third parties. Season ticket holders may be contacted for survey and research purposes about the journeys you make with your season ticket.
If you book a Eurostar ticket we will share with Eurostar the name and date of birth of you and any other passengers who you are booking tickets for, together with your email address - these details are required by Eurostar in order to issue each ticket and provide you with service information.
UPDATED: If you book a ticket for travel in continental Europe we share the name of each passenger with the transport carrier – this is required in order to issue each ticket.  Transport carriers in continental Europe also require us to share the date of birth of any youth (aged 0 – 25) with them before they can issue a youth ticket.
The Trainline Group and its third party service providers may further use your personal information (a) for analysis and market research related services; (b) to carry out survey related activities with you; and (c) for the purpose of alerting you about your booked journeys; and (d) to contact you about new features, services, products and special offers ("Marketing Information") in line with any consent that you have provided. If you do not wish to receive Marketing Information, you may choose not to do so by clicking where indicated on the registration page. If you initially wish to receive such material but you change your mind later, you may tell us by using the "update your personal details" page or sending us an email to sales.support@info.thetrainline.com or if you are a season ticket customer seasons.direct@info.thetrainline.com.
For some services (where you are already a loyalty scheme participant) you may be able to earn loyalty points by providing your loyalty scheme registered email address or membership number. Where you provide us with your loyalty scheme registered email address or membership number then you authorise us to provide the loyalty scheme operator and/or the loyalty scheme operator's third party service providers with this information as well as details regarding your transaction(s). The loyalty scheme operator's terms relating to the loyalty scheme will apply, however, there may be certain restrictions on the tickets and routes that are eligible for loyalty points. The loyalty scheme operator's terms, conditions and privacy policy will apply to their use of that data.
Use of location data
Information about your location or approximate location may be used by our Booking Service. We obtain and use this information in two main ways:
Internet traffic information, such as your IP address: This information is provided automatically as you use our Booking Service and can allow us to infer your approximate location - for example your city or county, and country. We use this information:

for analysis purposes to understand the distribution of our customers;
to tailor messages or advertisements shown on our website - for example if we identify that you are likely to be located in Manchester, we may show you promotions relating to journeys starting in Manchester.

Location information provided by your browser or device: Many web browsers, particularly on mobile phones and tablet devices, are able to accurate report your location, for example using GPS technology. The same is true for apps on mobile phones and tablets. These browsers and devices normally ask your permission before sharing your location with a website or app, and you can usually disable the feature altogether in the device settings. We use this information for features that need to know your location - for example if you select "nearest station" or "next train home" and for other search functionality features.
Security
We take the security of your data very seriously. We employ physical, electronic and administrative security measures to protect the information that we collect about you from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible for any unauthorised use, distribution, damage or destruction of personal data, except to the extent we are required to accept such responsibility by the data protection laws.
Links to third party Internet sites
The Website and Mobile Application may contain links to other sites and sources of information. By clicking on these, you will leave the Website or Mobile Application (as appropriate) and this Privacy Policy will not apply to your use of any other sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
There may be changes in how we use your data. All such changes will be notified to you by updating this Privacy Policy.
Access to Personal Information
You are entitled to see the personal information we hold about you and may obtain these details by writing to us at: trainline , c/o Trainline.com Limited, PO Box 23973, Edinburgh, EH3 5DA. We are entitled by law to charge an administrative fee to meet our costs in providing you with such details and we may require proof of your identity before we supply the information to you.
Deactivating your Account
Upon request from you (by writing to us at: trainline , c/o Trainline.com Limited, PO Box 23972, Edinburgh, EH3 5DA) we will deactivate your account and render your personal information unusable as soon as reasonably possible, in accordance with applicable law. We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our terms and conditions, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like contact us, please contact Trainline.com Limited (who will respond on behalf of the Trainline Group) using the "Contact Us" section of our Website.
 

