

Where do we get the data from?

From you
Most of the data that we process will be data that we collect from you directly when you request a quote. We will ask you various questions to collect the data we need for the purpose of providing quotes and comparison information. We will not be able to provide a quote unless you answer the mandatory questions. Where questions are optional, we will explain what we need the data for.
From our insurance partners
We will also obtain certain personal data about you from the insurance partners on our panel if you take out an insurance policy with them through our Website. This will include information about whether or not you took out a policy with the insurance partner and the type of policy. We use this information to track sales as well as improve our Website, our services and our customer journey. If there are any complaints or queries about your quote or your policy, we and the relevant insurance provider(s) will also exchange information about the complaint or query to ensure it is appropriately investigated and dealt with.
If you make a claim for one of our rewards the insurance partner may also provide us with information including how you purchased your policy and which policy you purchased to help us to verify your claim.
From our comparison service partners
We will also obtain some personal data about you from the comparison service partners listed above in relation to the service they provide. For example, they will give us information about what policy or product you purchased and when.
From your use of the Website and our services
We also collect data about you based on your actions, for example we collect data about how and when you use the Website, our mobile app or our services so that we can build up a picture of you as a customer. This can include information such as how many quotes you have obtained for insurance, mouse clicks/taps, mouse movements, page scrolling and text entered into forms which we collect through software which monitors how customer use our Website and our app. This helps us to provide you with a good service and to design improvements to our products and services (including changes to our website) but is also used to help us to prevent and detect fraud.
If you use our webchat service we will keep a record of the conversation. We do this so that we have an accurate record of your conversation with us. We also use this data for monitoring and quality control purposes and may use it for training purposes.
We, and our partners collect some of this data by using cookies, web beacons and pixel tags. A cookie is a small file that is placed on your device, which enables a server to identify that device and allows us to offer the best services possible by allowing us to recognise you as a unique user and provide us with information about how you use our website. Cookies are commonly used on the Internet and do not harm your computer system. Web beacons and pixel tags are similar to cookies and allow us to collect information about how you use our website and help us to offer you the best service.
You can read our cookie policy here for more information.
We may use web beacons and pixel tags alongside cookies both on our Website and in any emails we sent to you. Information collected may include items such as the IP address of your computer, the time you visited our Website and what links you clicked on or when you opened our emails. We may also use information from cookies or tags when you click through from comparethemarket.com to our partners' websites to help us understand which quotes you have progressed and if you have completed your purchase. Further information about cookies, web beacons and pixel tags can be found at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
This Website also uses Google Analytics to allow us to monitor how users use our Website. We use services provided by Google to do this including Google's Remarketing and Advertising Reporting Features. As part of this activity, if you have a Google account and have allowed Google to associate your web and app browsing history so that you may receive personalised ads then Google may collect a Google identifier which allows them to identify your Google account when you are using this Website. Alongside Google Analytics, this Website uses Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP), this is a service provided by Google which allows webpages to load more quickly on a mobile device by allocating a Client ID to your mobile device if you have loaded the web page before. Please refer to our cookie policy for details of the cookies that are used in relation to Google Analytics activity.If you require further information or wish to opt out of Google Analytics Remarketing and Advertising Reporting Features then please visit Google's currently available opt-outs.
If you contact us electronically, we may collect your electronic identifier e.g. Internet Protocol (IP) address, or device ID or telephone number supplied by your service provider. This information may be used by us and/or shared with and used by our partners to aid in the detection of fraud. Where such data is used by a partner, this will be subject to the partner's own privacy policy.
Our suppliers
We will sometimes use third parties to process personal information on our behalf. Our partners may do the same when they are processing your personal information for the purposes of providing a quote for comparison. Where third parties process your personal information on our behalf, we will have a contract in place with them placing obligations on them to keep your data secure and only use it for the purposes that we authorise. The third parties that we use may include, for example, IT service providers and market research agencies.
Where our insurance partners and comparison service partners collect data from
In order to provide you with a quote for comparison, our insurance partners and/or comparison service partners will exchange information about you with other companies and/or carry out checks with various databases. These checks are standard practice in the insurance and financial services industries. Each of our insurance partners or comparison service partner is a data controller in respect of these checks and we are not responsible for those checks. We have set out below some of the common databases that they may check.
Checks against existing records
Some of our insurance partners may carry out checks against data they already hold on your (or is held by the company whose brand they administer the product for, or members of their group of companies such as data from existing products, account data or loyalty scheme data. They may use this data to help them assess and rate your application for a quote and determine your premiums. They may also pass this data to their insurance underwriters for these purposes where applicable.
DVLA
Where we ask you for your, or any named driver's, driving licence number, we will pass this to our insurance partners who may pass this to the DVLA in order for a search to be carried out to confirm your (or any named driver's) licence status, entitlement and relevant restriction information and endorsement/conviction data.
Undertaking searches using your driving licence number helps insurers check information to prevent fraud and ensure policy premiums are fair. A search with the DVLA will not show on your (or your named driver's) driving licence record.
For details relating to information held about you by the DVLA, please visit www.dvla.gov.uk.
Credit searches
Many of our insurance partners will carry out checks with credit reference agencies when they generate a quote for comparison. These checks may include-

checks against publicly available information such as the Electoral Register, County Court Judgments, bankruptcy or repossession information;
checks against data relating to your credit history. Credit Reference Agencies share information with other organisations, enabling applications for financial products to be assessed or to assist the tracing of debtors, or to prevent fraud. Our insurance partners may ask Credit Reference Agencies to provide a credit scoring computation. Credit scoring uses a number of factors to work out risks involved in any application. A score is given to each factor and a total score obtained and this together with other factors will be used to assess your application for a quote.

The Credit Reference Agencies will keep a record of the search and you may see this recorded on your credit file. The name of the company that carried out the search will be stated on your credit search and if you have any queries regarding any search that has been carried out you will need to contact the company directly. If you want to check the information that the Credit Reference Agencies hold about you then you can contact them directly. The main credit reference agencies are Call Credit, Experian and Equifax.
Claims and Underwriting Exchange and Other Registers and Databases
Our insurance partners will exchange information with various databases and registers to help them to check information provided, to detect and prevent crime or fraud and to obtain information about your no claims history. These may include the Claims and Underwriting Exchange Register, the Hunter Database, the Motor Insurance Anti-Fraud and Theft Register, the No Claims History Database and any other relevant industry databases or registers. Some insurance providers who offer products designed for students or graduates may also undertake additional checks against higher education sources to verify your student or graduate status.
Publicly available sources
We use some open sources of data which are not personal data (such as information about particular geographic areas) and combine this with the personal data that we hold about you (such as your own address). For example, if you request a home insurance quote, we might pre-populate information about your house value from publicly available sources. We will make it clear where we do this and you must check the information to make sure it is correct. This information will be passed to our insurance partners in order to assess insurance risk and provide you with an accurate quote.
Providing data about other people
You will sometimes need to provide us with data about other people, for example where you request a quote for a policy which includes another person as a joint policyholder or named driver. You may also obtain quotes on behalf of your family or friends. Where you give us data about someone else, you must make sure that you have made that person aware of this Privacy Policy and that they are happy for you to provide their data. Where this privacy policy refers to "your data" this also includes data about anyone else named on the policy or whose data you provide us with.


