
We are Compare the Market Limited and we are the data controller of the personal data that you provide on the Website and/or that we collect about you. This means that we are the company responsible for deciding how your data is processed.
Compare the Market Limited is part of the BGL Group of Companies and provides products and services under various brands. If you want to know more about the BGL Group of Companies and its brands, you can find out more at www.bglgroup.co.uk.
Vehicle, home and pet insurance
In order to display insurance quotes on the Website, we need to send your personal data to the panel of insurance partners that provide quotes on our website. This is so that they can generate a quote for us to display to you on the Website. When those insurance partners use your personal data to generate a quote, each of them will be acting as a data controller of that personal data. This means that the insurance partners are in charge of how they handle your data and we are not responsible for this. If you provide them with any additional data on their website or if you decide to take out a policy with an insurance partner the use of your data will be subject to that insurance partner's own privacy policy which you should find on their website.
You can see a list of our insurance partners here.
Life, health and income protection Insurance
Lifesearch Limited:
Our life and critical illness insurance comparison service is provided by our comparison service partner Lifesearch Limited who will also be a data controller in relation to any data you provide in relation to a quote for life insurance.
They will share your personal data with any insurance providers they work with in order to provide your quote.
If you use the talk to us service to talk to Lifesearch then any data that you provide to them directly will be subject to their privacy policy.
Assured Futures Limited
Our over 50's life, health and income protection insurance comparison service is provided by our comparison service partner Assured Futures Limited who will also be a data controller in relation to any data you provide in relation to a quote.
They will share your personal data with any insurance providers they work with in order to provide you a quote.
If you provide your telephone number to confirm that you would like Assured Futures Limited to contact you, Assured Futures will use your data to contact you and provide assistance to you regarding your quote.
You can find further information about Assured Futures including contact information for their Data Protection Officer in Assured Future's privacy policy on their website available at https://www.assuredfutures.co.uk/common-page/privacy-policy/.
Travel Insurance
Our travel insurance comparison service is provided by our comparison service provider Investment Discounts On-Line Limited (Theidol.com) who will also be a data controller in relation to any data you provide in relation to a quote for travel insurance.
They will share your personal data with any insurance providers they work with in order to provide your quote.
Before you click through to a provider we'll ask you if you want to enter your email address so you can claim a reward at a later date. This is optional to provide and will only be used to administer our rewards scheme.
Breakdown Insurance
Our breakdown insurance comparison service is provided by our comparison service provider Comparison Creator who will also be a data controller in relation to any data you provide in relation to a quote for breakdown insurance.
They will share your personal data with any insurance providers they work with in order to provide your quote.
Business insurance
Our business insurance comparison service is provided by our comparison service provider Simply Business is a trading name of Xbridge Limited who will also be a data controller in relation to any data you provide in relation to a quote for business insurance.
They will share your personal data with any insurance providers they work with in order to provide your quote.
If you use the telephone helpline to call Simply Business they will be the data controller of any data that you provide directly to them which will be subject to their own privacy policy.
Credit cards
You do not need to provide us with any personal data to view the details of credit cards displayed on our Website.
If you decide to click through to a credit card provider, any personal data you provide will be subject to the credit card provider's privacy policy and they will be the data controller.
Before you click through to a credit card provider we'll ask you if you want to enter your email address so you can claim a reward at a later date. This is optional to provide and will only be used to administer our rewards scheme.
The credit card comparison service on our Website is provided by Runpath Regulated Services Limited.

If you use our indicative credit card eligibility check service, the personal data you provide will be processed by Runpath Regulated Services Limited (RRS). RRS is a data controller alongside Compare the Market Limited in respect of its use of your personal data for this service and you can find out more information on how they may process your data here.  As part of the indicative eligibility checking service RRS will need to retrieve and use data from one or more of the three main Credit Reference Agencies (CRAs) in order to provide your eligibility results.


A Credit Reference Agency (CRA) is a company that collects personal information from various sources and provides that personal information for variety of uses (including to prospective lenders for the purposes of making credit decisions).


RRS will search a CRA who will provide information about you which RRS will use to assess creditworthiness and your likely eligibility for a credit card. The CRA will provide RRS with the publicly held data, including the electoral roll and shared credit performance data. This data is not shared with Compare the Market.


When the CRA receives a search from RRS they will place a quotation search footprint on your credit report, regardless of whether you progress any application. This search will not affect your ability to gain credit.  


If you choose to pursue an application, any data that you provide to the credit card provider to progress your application will be subject to that credit card provider's own privacy policy. 


RRS will only retain data retrieved from CRAs for 90 days. 


More information about each CRA and what it does with personal data is available at the following locations:   


•www.callcredit.co.uk/crain 


•www.experian.co.uk/crain 


You can contact any of the CRA's if you wish to obtain a copy of your credit report. 


Experian, Consumer Help Service, PO Box 8000, Nottingham NG80 7WF or call 0844 4818000 or log on to www.experian.co.uk. 


CallCredit, Consumer Services Team, PO Box 491, Leeds, LS3 1WZ or call 0870 0601414 


Equifax PLC, Credit File Advice Centre, PO Box 1140, Bradford, BD1 5US or call 0844 335 0550 or log on to www.myequifax.co.uk 

Loans, current accounts, savings accounts and mortgages
You do not need to provide us with any personal data to view the details of loans, current accounts, savings accounts and mortgages displayed on our Website.
If you decide to click through to any provider, any personal data you provide will be subject to the provider's privacy policy.
Mortgage broker service
The mortgage broker service on our Website is run by moneyQuest Mortgage Brokers Limited. If you decide to contact them or request them to contact you they will be the data controller in respect of any personal data that they process about you and this will be subject to their own privacy policy. If you request to be contacted we will pass them your personal data in order to facilitate this.
Mortgages
If you use our indicative mortgage eligibility check service, the personal data you provide (including any data about any joint applicant) will be processed by Runpath Regulated Services Limited (RRS). RRS is a data controller alongside Compare the Market Limited in respect of its use of your personal data for this service and you can find out more information on how they may process your data here.
As part of the indicative eligibility checking service RRS will need to retrieve and use data from one or more of the three main Credit Reference Agencies (CRAs) in order to provide your eligibility results.
A Credit Reference Agency (CRA) is a company that collects personal information from various sources and provides that personal information for variety of uses (including to prospective lenders for the purposes of making credit decisions).
RRS will search a CRA who will provide information about you which RRS will use to assess creditworthiness and your likely eligibility for a mortgage . The CRA will provide RRS with the publicly held data, including the electoral roll and shared credit performance data. If you have a financial associate their data may also be provided. This data is not shared with Compare the Market.
When the CRA receives a search from RRS they will place a quotation search footprint on your credit report, regardless of whether you progress any application. This search will not affect your ability to gain credit. This may show in your credit report Compare the Market – Mortgage.
If you choose to pursue an application, any data that you provide to that lender to progress your application will be subject to that lender's own privacy policy.
RRS will only retain data retrieved from CRAs for 90 days.
More information about each CRA and what it does with personal data is available at the following locations:
Call Credit:•www.callcredit.co.uk/crain
Equifax:•www.equifax.co.uk/crain
Experian:•www.experian.co.uk/crain
You can contact any of the CRA's if you wish to obtain a copy of your credit report.
Experian, Consumer Help Service, PO Box 8000, Nottingham NG80 7WF or call 0844 4818000 or log on to www.experian.co.uk.
CallCredit, Consumer Services Team, PO Box 491, Leeds, LS3 1WZ or call 0870 0601414
Equifax PLC, Credit File Advice Centre, PO Box 1140, Bradford, BD1 5US or call 0844 335 0550 or log on to www.myequifax.co.uk
Homeowner loan broker service
The homeowner loan broker service on our website is run by Runpath Regulated Services Limited. If you decide to contact them or request them to contact you they will be the data controller in respect of any personal data that they process about you and this will be subject to their own privacy policy. If you request to be contacted we will pass them your personal data in order to facilitate this.
Before you click through to a loan provider we'll ask you if you want to enter your email address so you can claim a reward at a later date. This is optional to provide and will only be used to administer our rewards scheme.
Energy
Energy comparison service
The energy comparison service on our Website is provided by Energy Helpline who are a data controller in respect of any personal data you input for the purposes of using the energy comparison service, including direct debit details which are collected directly by Energy Helpline. When you select to switch providers, Energy Helpline will pass your personal data including your direct debit details to the energy providers to allow them to process your switch. Any use of your personal data when you switch will be subject to the energy provider's privacy policy which we are not responsible for.
If you've signed up for our energy savings service then we will use the data you have provided regarding your postcode, energy supplier and usage details to carry out regular searches of supplier tariffs.
Business energy comparison service
The business energy comparison service on our Website is provided by Energylinx who are a data controller in respect of any personal data you input for the purposes of using the business energy comparison, including direct debit details which are collected directly by Energylinx. When you select to switch providers, Energylinx will pass any personal data including your direct debit details to the energy provider to allow them to process your switch. Any use of your personal data when you switch will be subject to the energy providers privacy policy which we are not responsible for.
Broadband, phone, TV and mobile
Our Website also lets you compare broadband, phone, TV and mobile deals. This service is provided by Decision Technologies Limited. You can view deals available and click through to the suppliers without providing us with any personal data. You can choose to enter your postcode in order to view details of deals that are more relevant to you (for example: Decision Technologies Limited can use your postcode to perform an availability check for suppliers in your area).
If you decide to click through to a supplier or telephone a supplier, any personal data you provide will be subject to that supplier's privacy policy. If you place an order with a supplier by telephone, Decision Technologies Limited will collect your telephone number to track the progress of the order you have placed.
Decision Technologies will be a data controller in relation to any personal data they collect when you use the broadband, TV or mobile comparison service, and will be subject to their privacy policy. 
Before you click through to a provider we'll ask you if you want to enter your email address so you can claim a reward later and to send you information about the last deal you have viewed. This is optional to provide and will only be used to administer our rewards scheme and trigger one single email about the last deal you view. If you choose to opt in for marketing or to participate in our rewards scheme, we will be the data controller of that data and we will process it for the purposes set out in this policy.
Caravan, Motorhome and Taxi Insurance
Our caravan, motorhome and taxi insurance comparison service is provided by our comparison service partner i-Wonder Aggregator Services Limited who will be the data controller in relation to any data you provide to them on the website.
Compare the Market Limited will be the data controller of any data we receive back from i-Wonder Aggregator Services Limited to confirm sales or deal with any complaints or queries and will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
For more information on how i-Wonder Aggregator Services Limited process your data please view their Privacy Policy.

close


