Privacy PolicyOnline And Game Use Privacy PolicyG5 Entertainment AB (“G5”) respects the privacy concerns of the users of its Web site, www.g5e.com (the “Site”) and all games licensed to customers via the Site or elsewhere (the “Games”).  G5 thus provides this privacy statement to explain what information is gathered during a visit to the Site and/or use of the Games and how such information may be used.
Please also review the Terms of Service, www.g5e.com/termsofservice,  which also govern your use of this Web Site and all Games.
Use of Information: As a general policy no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or e-mail address, is automatically collected from your visit to the Site and/or the Games. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of G5 Entertainment’s internet servers. Information such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your IP address is gathered in order to enhance your online experience. If you install any Games, we may also collect and/or update a list of all apps installed on your device so we can further enhance your experience with G5’s Games. We will only collect the list of applications you have installed. We will not collect any data or other information stored in or connected with those apps as part of this process.  We will not collect the list of apps installed if you are only using the Site but have not installed any Games.
The Site’s and/or Games’ various mailing lists, downloads, special offers, contests, registration forms, and surveys may request that you give us contact information such as your name, mailing and/or e-mail address; demographic information such as your age and gender; and personal preference information such as your tastes in video game platforms and gameplay. The Games may also save your progress in order to improve your gaming experience. Information submitted at the time of submission will be used by G5 only as necessary for our legitimate business interests, including without limitation the improvement of our products, services and the contents of the Site and/or the Games. G5 may also share such information with our business and promotional partners to further those interests. Personally identifiable information is never sold or leased to any third parties. With your permission, we may use your contact information to send you information about our company and products. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings as provided below. G5 does not store any credit card information it may receive in regard to a specific transaction except as necessary to complete and satisfy its rights and obligations with regard to such transaction.
G5 may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with G5’s rights or property, other users of the Site and/or the Games, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Children Age 13 and Under: G5 recognizes the special obligation to protect personally identifiable information obtained from children age 13 and under. AS SUCH, IF YOU ARE 13 YEARS OLD OR YOUNGER, G5 REQUESTS THAT YOU NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE SITE AND/OR THE GAMES OR TO G5 ENTERTAINMENT. If G5 discovers that a child age 13 or younger has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete that child’s personally identifiable information from our records.
Use of Cookies: Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make using our Site easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. These cookies are restricted for use only on our Site, and do not transfer any personal information to any other party. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can, however, reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Please consult the technical information relevant to your browser for instructions. If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of the Site and/or the Games may not function properly or may be considerably slower.
G5 uses the following cookies on the Web Site:


CookieNamePurpose



Session
PHPSESSID
Cookie generated by applications based on the PHP language. This is a general purpose identifier used to maintain user session variables. It is normally a random generated number, how it is used can be specific to the site, but a good example is maintaining a logged-in status for a user between pages.


Google Analytics
__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, __utmt
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the Site. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve the Site. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the Site, where visitors have come to the Site from and the pages they visited. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.


Dialog Box
closeDialogMessage
This cookie is used to detect if dialog message with game was already closed.


Mobile Site
MobileSite
This cookie is used for switch between mobile site and general site.


Retina Site
devicePixelRatio
This cookie is used to remember pixel ratio for user's device. If this equals 2 or more than we show retina site for all devices except mobile phones.


Detect User Language
detectLang
This cookie is used to khow if we already detected users language and turns off autodetection.



Malware/Spyware/Viruses: Neither G5 nor the Site and/or the Games knowingly permit the use of malware, spyware, viruses, and/or other similar types of software.
Links to External Sites: G5 is not responsible for the content or practices of third party Web sites that may be linked to the Site and/or the Games. G5 is also not responsible for any information that you might share with such linked Web sites. You should refer to each such Web site’s respective privacy policy and practices prior to disclosing any such information.
Bulletin Boards and Chat Areas: Guests of the Site and/or the Games are solely responsible for the content of messages they post on public forums, such as chat rooms and bulletin boards. Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, e-mail address, phone number) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other people. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is public. Please take care when using these features.
Choice/Opt-Out: The Site and/or the Games may provide you the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from us at the point where we request information about you. You always have the option of removing your name from any e-mail list in order to discontinue any such future communications. In order to ensure immediate removal from any list, please follow the specific instructions set forth within the communications you receive from G5 which you no longer wish to receive. If you are unsuccessful in completing the instructions specified in any such communication, please e-mail us at privacy@g5e.com, including a copy of the undesired email attached to the request, and state you wish to be removed from the mailing list.
Contact Information for Questions, Comments and Complaints: If you have any questions, comments or complaints about www.g5e.com or about this privacy statement, please contact:                   G5 Entertainment AB                  Riddargatan 18                   114 51 Stockholm                  Sweden                 
Security: Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, G5 cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit via the internet. By transmitting any such information to G5 Entertainment, you accept that you do so at your own risk.
Your Acceptance of These Terms: By using the Site and/or the Games, you accept the policies and restrictions set forth in this Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Site and/or the Games. This Online Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Online Privacy Policy to which you are bound.
 
Last updated January 19, 2017