\nWelcome to E-Daily. This Privacy Policy is effective for E-Daily.gr, E-Daily Mobile Apps (“E-Daily”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”) and is incorporated by reference into the E-Daily Terms of Service and End User License Agreement. \nThe purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform users of the E-Daily Service (as defined below) about the information that we collect through the E-Daily Service, how we use that information and the ways users can control how that information is used or shared. The entire policy can be found below. For information about users’ obligations and use of the E-Daily Service, please see our Terms of Service and End User License Agreement. \n\n We will continue to evaluate this Privacy Policy and update it accordingly when there is a change to our business practices, our users’ needs, and to comply with regulatory and legal requirements. Please check this page periodically for updates. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on the Site (as defined below) and/or the Applications (as defined below). \n\nThe types of information we collect\nWhen you interact with the E-Daily.gr, we may collect Personal Information (as defined below) and other information from you as described below. \n“Personal Information” means information that alone or when in connection with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as: name, address, email address or phone number. We do not consider personally identifiable information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual. \n\nInformation you give us \nTo enable you to enjoy certain features of the E-Daily Service, we collect certain types of information, including Personal Information, during your interactions with the E-Daily Service. By using the E-Daily Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain data related to the provision of the E-Daily Service. \n\n For example, we collect information, including Personal Information, when you: \n\nRegister to use our E-Daily Service;\nLogin with social networking credentials; \nParticipate in polls, contests, surveys or other features of the E-Daily Service, or respond to offers or advertisements on the E-Daily Service; \nCommunicate with us; and\nSign up to receive email newsletters.\n\n\n\nWhen you register to use the E-Daily Service, we ask you to provide certain information, which includes your name, email address, birth year, gender, zip code and/or other geographic information, as well as a password for your account. By voluntarily providing us with Personal Information or other information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide any Personal Information or other information, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Information may be transferred from your current location to our offices and servers and the authorized third parties. \n\nAutomatic Data Collection\nListening and Usage Activity: We keep track of your listening and usage activity. We collect information about stations, favorites, artists, channels, conversations and tracks you have listened to or in which you have expressed an interest. \nSocial connect information: When you choose to connect your social media account to your account profile, we collect Personal Information from that social media website. For example, when you connect your Facebook account, we may collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available in Facebook, such as your name, profile picture, cover photo, username, gender, friend networks, age range, locale, friend list, and any other information you have made public. We may also obtain other non-public information from the social network website with your permission. \n\nInformation about your computer or device: We may also collect information about the computer, mobile or other devices you use to access the E-Daily Service. For example, our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser, including potentially your IP address, device ID, operating system, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the E-Daily Service from a mobile or other device, unless you register, we may assign a unique device identifier for that device. \n\nLocation-based information: We do not collect your zip code, postal code, city or country unless you choose to provide this information to us at registration. Your general geo-location is collected at regular intervals if you use the E-Daily Service on your mobile device or through the Site. We collect this information to provide content and services that are customized for your geographic area. \n\nTracking technology: We use what are commonly called "cookies" on our Site. A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Site gives to your browser when you access the Site. These cookies help us improve the E-Daily Service, provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Site without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. We may also be able to capture other data such as searches conducted and results, date, time, and connection speed. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Information except with your permission. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site’s features. Third parties, including advertisers and third-party advertising companies, whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the E-Daily Service may also use cookies, and we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their cookies and other privacy practices. \n\nOur use of the information we collect\nWe use the information, including Personal Information, that we collect for the following purposes: \n\nTo personalize and customize the advertising and the content you see.\nTo improve and enhance the user experience. We use tracking information to determine how well each page, station and/or channel performs overall based on aggregate user demographics and traffic patterns to those pages, stations and channels. This helps us build a better service for you.\nTo fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in polls, contests, and boards.\nTo send you information about topics or content that we think will be of interest to you based on your preferences, habits or geographic location.\nTo send you information about the latest developments and features on our E-Daily Service.\nTo provide technical support.\n\n\n\nWe may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the E-Daily Service and use it for any purpose. \n\nHow the information we collect is shared\nWe are not in the business of selling, renting or sharing Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your information, including Personal Information, with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below: \n\nInformation you allow us to share when you register with us, or through a subsequent affirmative election.\nInformation used when we hire or partner with third parties to provide business-related services on our behalf, such as mailing information, maintaining databases, processing payments, sweepstakes management and prize fulfillment, data processing, analytics, personalization and customization of advertising, customer/support services and other products or services that we choose to make available to our registered users. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.\nWe may share, transfer or sell your information in connection with a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider. We cannot control how such entities may use or disclose such information.\nWe may share information with our subsidiaries and affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.\nThe E-Daily Service may allow you to share information, including Personal Information, with social networking websites, such as Facebook. We do not share your Personal Information with them unless you direct the E-Daily Service to share it. Their use of the information will be governed by their privacy policies, and you may be able to modify your privacy setting on their websites.\nWe may share your information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect or defend our legal rights or property as well as those of our business partners, employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users or the public; (iv) protect against fraud or risk management purposes; or (v) protect against legal liability.\n\n\n\nWhen you register and create a profile through the E-Daily Service, other users of the E-Daily Service may be able to see your profile information, including your screen name, profile photo and any content that you post to the E-Daily Service. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the other users who will view and use the information you post. \n\nNon-Identifiable or Aggregated Data\nWe also receive and store certain non-personally identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to the E-Daily Service, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, the domain names of our visitors\' Internet service providers, and how our users use and interact with the E-Daily Service. Also, in an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the E-Daily Service, we often conduct research on our customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the personal information and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis. We may share this non-identifiable and aggregate data with our affiliates, agents and business partners, but this type of non-identifiable and aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. \nThe use and disclosure of this non-personally identifiable information is not subject to restrictions under this Privacy Policy. \n\nYour Choices\nYou can visit the Site without providing any personal information. If you choose not to provide any personal information, you may not be able to use certain features of our E-Daily Service. \n\nExclusions\nThis Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal data collected by E-Daily other than personal data collected through the E-Daily Service. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through the E-Daily Service or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the E-Daily Service, such as bulletin boards (collectively, “Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, distribute and exploit such Unsolicited Information without limitation or attribution. \n\nHow we protect your information\nWe have taken reasonable steps to protect the information you provide via the E-Daily Service from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet, email or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free, so you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us in this way. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure. \nBy using the E-Daily Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the E-Daily Service. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Site and/or Applications or sending an email to you. \n\nConsent to processing\nIf you use the E-Daily Service outside of the European Union, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer of your information, including Personal Information, to, and the collection and processing of such information in Greece and other countries or territories of the European Union. The laws on holding such information in European Union may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country. \n\nChildren\nWe do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through the E-Daily Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through the E-Daily Service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us through our E-Daily, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. \n\nLinks to Other Web Sites\nThis Privacy Policy applies only to the E-Daily Service. The E-Daily Service may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by us (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the E-Daily Service do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. \n\nWhat are my privacy options and how can I change my settings?\nTo modify your registration information: Once you have registered, you can change your registration information (including your email address and password). \nOpt out: Each email communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future marketing communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our email mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below. Note however, that certain communications, such as push notifications, require you to change the settings on your device if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications. Note that on occasion we send service-related announcements, such as disruption notifications, and you may not be able to opt-out of these communications. \n\nEnglish language version shall control\nThe English language version of this Privacy Policy is the version that governs your use of the E-Daily Service and in the event of any conflict between the English language version and a translated version, the English language version will control.\n\n To print out this Statement, you may visit www.e-daily.gr/privacy.asp\n\n