
The Met Store will ask you to provide personal information necessary to fulfill your online order or catalogue request, which may include your name, billing and shipping addresses, telephone number, and credit card number. This is the same information requested when you place an order by telephone or through the mail. For online orders or catalogue requests, we also require your email address so that you can receive order, shipping, and other transaction-related emails, and so that we can communicate with you if we have difficulty processing your order or request. When you make a purchase, your credit card information will be stored temporarily on a secure server, and we will retain the personal information you provided with your order for our records, to facilitate customer service, and to inform you of our products and promotional offers. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the payment information you input.
When you make an online purchase or request a catalogue from The Met Store, we may share the information you provide, such as your name and your postal address, with other reputable organizations and companies whose products and services might interest you. Please note that the privacy policies of these organizations and companies may differ from ours. If you prefer not to have your personal information shared with third parties for marketing purposes, or would like to be removed from our mailing list, please contact us:
On the Website:
By unchecking the box labeled "On occasion, I would like to receive information from companies carefully screened by The Met Store whose products and services may be of interest to me" that appears on the Billing Address page of The Met Store shopping registration process.
By Email:
Customer.service@metmuseum.org
By Phone:
Call our toll-free number 1-800-662-3397 (US and Canada) Monday–Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET, except public holidays. From other locations, please dial the appropriate United States access code, then 212-731-1498.
By Mail:
The Metropolitan Museum of Art Store
Customer Service Department
66-26 Metropolitan Avenue
Middle Village, New York 11381-0001
United States of America
We may also share your personal information with third-party service and marketing partners to process online and offline transactions and to personalize your shopping experience on our and other websites. For details, see Third-Party Service Providers.
Subsequent to your online purchase, you may receive email communications (where you will have an opportunity to opt-out of further communications) requesting that your rate or review a product. When you rate or review a product from The Met Store, using the Customer Ratings and Reviews service, you will be asked to enter your email address so that we can contact you in relation to your review. For details, see Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use.
As part of our commitment to your privacy, The Met Store supports and adheres to the guidelines and practices of the Data and Marketing Association.

