
Privacy Policy


LIC reserves its right to correct any part of the said content at any time as and when required at its sole discretion. The content of this website shall not be displayed or printed in any form in part or whole without the prior written approval of LIC.

The information contents provided on this site can not be copied, modified, uploaded, downloaded, published or republished, transmitted or otherwise distributed for commercial purposes without prior and explicit permission from LIC. Reproduction of any information or material provided on this website, with or without any modification, is prohibited unless, with prior permission of LIC, and shall amount to violation of copyright and would be deemed an illegal act. 
You are requested to note that Insurance is a subject matter of solicitation and the information, tools and planners contained in the site, www.licindia.in are meant for your general information only and not to be used for deciding on your insurance requirements. You are specifically advised to contact one of our Agents for any of your particular insurance needs.



The Privacy Policy governs the use of this website (www.licindia.in) of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC). 
LIC reserve its right to select the user of this website and take decisions as to whether to permit or not to permit any person to use services provided on this website.

LIC is committed to protecting your privacy and working towards offering you a powerful, safe, online experience. To avail some of the services offered by us, you need to sign up by giving simple details that personally identify you. We need this minimal information to operate the online services and encourage you to update this information as and when there are any changes. When you do this through easily navigable clicks, you help us stay in touch with you always.

www.licindia.in does not collect personal information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. This can be in several ways including for example, through registration for contests, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., message boards), suggestions, and voting/polling activities. Personal information on individual users of www.licindia.in will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties unless otherwise stated at the time of collection or with the approval of the user as the case may be.



LIC treats your personal information or your use of the service as private and confidential and does not check, edit or reveal it to any third parties except where it believes in good faith, such action is necessary to comply with the applicable legal and regulatory processes or to protect and defend the rights of other users or to enforce the terms of service which are binding on all the users of www.licindia.in.



Except where specifically agreed or necessary for operational or regulatory reasons, LIC will not send you any unsolicited information. If the user does not opt out, LIC may use any e-mail addresses of users to send occasional e-mails pertaining to information on product and services. The user can nevertheless unsubscribe from receipt of such e-mails by following instructions therein or by communicating accordingly to www. licindia.in.



LIC may collect unnamed statistics, which do not personally identify you. LIC reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. We will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties.



LIC may provide specific services to users to post messages, e-mails, information, participate in chat sessions, news groups and other affinity group activities on the site and off the site. During such activities, you may provide your personal information beyond what has been given in your personal profile. www.licindia.in 's Privacy Policy excludes information transmitted through these activities. While LIC encourages you to actively participate in such activities, it advises you to be careful in sharing your personal information and to respect the privacy of its other users.

