Xbox and Xbox LiveXbox and Xbox LivemainxboxmoduleSummary
    Xbox consoles are hardware devices that you can use to access and play games, movies, music, and other forms of digital entertainment. Xbox Live is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that enables you to find content and connect with friends, on Xbox Live and other gaming and social networks, from a variety of devices, including Xbox consoles.

    When you access an Xbox experience from a device, we assign you a unique device identifier. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, we identify which console and which version of the Xbox operating system you are currently using. When you sign up for Xbox Live, we assign an Xbox user ID and a gamertag (a nickname) to identify you. Data we collect about your use of Xbox Live is stored with these unique identifier(s).
    We collect data about your use of Xbox and Xbox Live, such as:When you sign in and sign out of Xbox Live, the games you play and apps you use, your game progress and play statistics, the purchases you make, and content you obtain. Performance data about Xbox consoles and Xbox Live, connected devices, and your network connection, including software or hardware errors. Content you add, upload, or share through Xbox Live, including text, images and video from within games or apps.Social activity, including your interactions with other gamers, and your connections, including friends and followers, on Xbox Live.If you use the Xbox console with Kinect, data about how you use Kinect. See below for more information about Kinect data collection.If you use the Xbox TV app, we collect TV viewing history from your console in a way that doesn't identify you or others.
    With your consent, we will collect information about videos you purchase or view through third-party apps on your Xbox console. If you use an Xbox console that includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), and if you play offline or have never signed in to Xbox Live on the console, usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in.

    Microsoft uses the data we collect from Xbox and Xbox Live to provide you with Xbox experiences, which includes securing the services and carrying out the transactions you request. We also use the data to improve and develop our products. As part of the Xbox Live service, Microsoft will also use data about you and your use of Xbox Live (such as the games you play, apps you use, subscriptions you have, purchases you make, and content you obtain) to provide you with a personalized, highly curated gaming and entertainment experience. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations.Xbox Live data viewable by other users. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you're currently signed in to Xbox Live), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox Live can be seen by other users on Xbox Live, users of third-party services you have linked your profile to, or on other properties associated with Xbox Live (including those of partner companies). For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and can't be hidden. For other data, like presence, you can adjust your privacy settings on the console or at xbox.com to limit or block sharing with the public or even with friends.
Xbox Live data shared with game or app publishers. When you use an Xbox Live-enabled game or any network-connected app through your Xbox console, the publisher for that game or app has access to data about your usage of Xbox Live and its game or app so it may deliver and improve its product and provide support. This data may include your Xbox user ID and gamertag, limited account information such as country and age range, data about your in game communications, enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on Xbox Live, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feed, club memberships, and content that you may create or submit within the game or app. Third-party game and app publishers are independent controllers of this data and its use is subject to their privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they will use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. To learn more about our data-sharing practices with third-party publishers, see Data Sharing with Games and Apps.Linking your Xbox Live profile to non-Microsoft accounts. Some games or apps available through Xbox Live, and some social features of Xbox Live, are delivered by third-party publishers or partner companies, which may require that you create a non-Microsoft account and sign-in credentials to use that game, app, or feature. If you choose to link your Xbox Live profile with an account of a third-party publisher or partner company, we will share with them limited account and profile information but will not include any credit card or other payment information.
Kinect. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate through the service. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the service automatically using facial recognition. To do this, it takes an image of your face and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.For gameplay, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable gameplay. If you are playing online, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve gameplay and the gaming experience. Kinect also detects specific hand gestures intended to do simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll).For some fitness games, Xbox can use the Kinect sensor to estimate your exercise data, including estimates such as your heart rate during a certain activity or the number of calories burned during a workout. Kinect's microphones enable voice chat between players during gameplay. They also enable voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms. See below for additional details on voice data collection.The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
    To learn more about Kinect, for Xbox 360, see Kinect and Xbox 360 privacy. For Xbox One, see Kinect and Xbox One Privacy.Captioning. During Xbox Live real-time chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio in-game chat as text. If a user activates this feature, the other players will have no additional notice. Microsoft uses this data to provide captioning of chat for users who need it as well as the other purposes described in this privacy statement.Communications monitoring. Xbox Live includes communications features such as text and voice direct messaging and real-time text and voice chat. In order to help provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the Microsoft Code of Conduct, we collect and monitor direct messaging, and text communications in live-hosted multiplayer gameplay sessions and other features of the service, such as activity feeds and clubs.
Voice data for service improvement. We collect and use for service improvement voice search requests or samples of voice commands occurring while using Kinect or Cortana. This data is stored separately from your Xbox profile.
GameDVR. Any player in a multiplayer game session can use GameDVR to record their view of the gameplay taking place in that session. The recording can capture your in-game character and gamertag in the game clips created by other players in the gameplay session. Note that if a player uses GameDVR on a PC, audio chat may also be captured in a game clip.
Children and online safety. If you have children or teenagers who use Xbox Live, you can set up child and teen profiles for them. Children and teens under 18 cannot create a profile on Xbox Live without parental consent. Adults in the family can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on xbox.com.
