vouchercloud Privacy Policyvouchercloud values your privacy and is dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when using our application, visiting our website or communicating electronically with us.This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms & Conditions explains what happens to the types of personal and non-personal information we collect when you use the vouchercloud application and website (vouchercloud). By using vouchercloud you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms please do not continue using vouchercloud.vouchercloud uses the personal information we collect to provide our service to you. We will not rent, sell or share your personal information with any other company for its own marketing purposes without your consent except where mentioned within this policy.Collection of InformationIn order to deliver you the best possible service when using vouchercloud, we collect and process the following information:Information you provide usWhen you download vouchercloud and use a voucher on for the first time, we ask you to register and provide us with personal information as follows : Your name, email address, date of birth, postcode and gender.There are also opportunities within vouchercloud to provide the email addresses or contact details of your friends or family members and your social networking site login details to allow you to tell people about vouchercloud. We may use the information you provide us along with your voucher usage details, to provide you with a better experience when using vouchercloud. We will always provide you the opportunity to opt out of receiving any communication via email.Usage and redemption informationAs part of the standard operation of using vouchercloud, we may collect certain non-personal information from you. For example, when you redeem a voucher, your mobile phone automatically records and sends basic information about your voucher redemption and application browsing. This may include the dates and times and redemption information and in the case of an offer being rejected, the information relating to the reason behind the rejection. We may combine this non-personal information with your personal information.Mobile phone locationWhen you use vouchercloud, we may receive your location and will use this to give you offers which are near you. Depending on your handset or the network you subscribe to, vouchercloud may automatically receive this information.Mobile UDIDWhen you use the vouchercloud application for the first time, we will receive a unique identifier for your phone if your handset manufacturer or network provide it. vouchercloud may use your unique mobile device identification information to offer you extended services and/or functionality.  We may associate that information to the mobile device identification information and to other information we have collected from and about you; however we will not use that number to telemarket to you.Directly communicating with vouchercloudWhen you send email or other communication to vouchercloud, we may retain the communication in order to serve you.Information you provide on our partners' websitesYou mind find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.Merchant loyalty informationvouchercloud may collect and save various merchants' Loyalty Card numbers for you. These numbers may be stored on the vouchercloud servers and will be transmitted between the vouchercloud servers and your device.Use of Information and DataAll personal data is stored securely in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.Unless we are legally required to do so, your data will not be disclosed to third parties.Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group. This includes, where applicable, our affiliates, our subsidiaries, our holding company and / or other companies within our group.EmailsOnce you become a vouchercloud member we’ll send you email newsletters letting you know about our offers and deals. We may also send you other offers from our partners that we think you might be interested in. We’ll never share your details with a third party, and you can manage all your email subscriptions by login into your vouchercloud account and editing your email preferences,  or unsubscribing via the link at the bottom of the email.UnsubscribeUsers who do not wish to receive our promotional e-mail messages may click the ‘unsubscribe’ link which will be found at the bottom of each e-mail from vouchercloud. You will be sent to an ‘update your preferences’ page in your account where you can opt out of different types of promotional e-mails, or click unsubscribe from all. Push notificationsBy downloading the vouchercloud app you are opting into receive push notifications to your device via the application.   These will be general notifications about our latest offers and location based messages when you are near a venue or shop with an offer.  Both types of notification can be controlled in the settings section of the app.Use of CookiesWe may on occasion gather information regarding your computer whilst you are on our website. This enables us to improve our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to our advertisers where appropriate.  We may also use the information we collect from you to show you relevant adverts when you are visiting other sites.Such information will not identify you personally it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file.  Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you.All computers have the ability to decline cookies.  This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.  Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.Information SecurityWe have take certain operational, physical and technical steps available to safeguard and secure the information we collect from our users and store on our servers.Changes to this Policyvouchercloud reserves the right to change or modify this privacy Policy. If we change this Privacy Policy,  you will be notified of any changes and be asked to approve again our policy.Access to InformationThe Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we hold about you. Please note that any demand for access may be subject to payment of a fee of £10 which covers our costs in providing you with the information requested.  Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below.Contacting UsIf you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:vouchercloud1st Floor, Merchants HouseWapping RoadBristolBS1 4RWUnited KingdomEmail : hello@vouchercloud.comTelephone: +44 (0) 117 926 1100Fax: +44 (0) 117 926 1101



