
We collect information from you in-order to show you the offers we think will be most relevant for you and give you the best possible service when using vouchercloud. We collect and process the following information;
Information you provide us
Registration information
                            When you download vouchercloud and use a voucher on for the first time, we ask you to register and provide us with personal information as follows;
                            Your name, email address, date of birth, postcode and gender.
                            We use this information to better personalise our service for you. We will never rent, sell or share your personal information with any other company for its own marketing purposes without your consent.
Information you provide on our partners' websites
                            You may find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Information we get when you use our service
Your redemption information
                            When you use vouchercloud we will collect information about how you use our site and application.  For example, when you redeem a voucher we’ll record details of the offer, the date and time and the device you’ve redeemed it on.  We’ll use this information to personalise the offers we show you in future.
Your location information
                            When you use our application and website we may receive your location or ask to use it.  We’ll use this to show you the offers which are near you. If you’re using our application, depending on your handset or the network you subscribe to, vouchercloud may automatically receive this information.
Your mobile phone information
                            When you use the vouchercloud application for the first time, we will receive a unique identifier for your phone if your handset manufacturer or network provide it (UDID).  We may also receive your mobile phone number (MISDEN).  By downloading the vouchercloud app you are consenting that we may use this information to send you SMS messages or push notifications about our offers.  We will not use this information to call you for telemarketing purposes or pass these details to third parties.
Your IDFA/Advertising Identifier
We also collect where provided your devices IDFA/Advertising Identifer which is an annonymous ID provided by your operating system. We may pass this anonymised data to a third party partner for purposes of providing accurate and relevant advertising across various operating systems and devices and to analyse the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Details of how to opt out of IDFA/AAID data sharing can be found on your mobile device operating settings. 
Cookies and similar technologies
                            We use technologies, including Segment.io to gather information regarding your activities whilst you are on our website and application.  We also gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file.  A cookie file is a small text file which is automatically downloaded to your computer when you visit our site.  This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you, by doing things like remembering your password.
                            All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies the website may not work as expected for you.
Third Party Cookies sharing
 We also work with a third party partner LiveRamp (http://liveramp.com/) to place a cookie on your browser that provides a de-identified, non-human readable version of your email address to use for matching to other data about you to improve the relevance of online advertising and personalisation.  Your actual email address is at no time shared with LiveRamp. To find out more and how to opt out click here - http://liveramp.com/service-privacy-policy/.

