
	Site Copyright and Disclaimers
All materials posted are of a proprietary nature and subject to copyrights owned by the AAP. 
The information in this Web site has been written in collaboration with dental professionals who are members of the AAP. This information should not be used as a substitute for the care and advice of your personal periodontist or other healthcare provider. There may be variations in treatment that your periodontist will recommend based on individual facts and circumstances.
This site is a service that is provided by the American Academy of Periodontology (AAP),a 501(c)6 corporation, as a benefit to its members and as a source of information and services to other dental professionals and the public at large. The AAP makes no representations about the suitability of this information and these services for any purpose.
All materials posted, with the exception of materials posted in online discussions, are of a proprietary nature and subject to copyrights owned by the American Academy of Periodontology. Any reproduction, retransmission, or republication of all or part of any document posted on this site is expressly prohibited, unless the AAP has expressly granted consent on the web site page to reproduce, retransmit, or republish the material.
The names, trademarks, service marks, and logos of the American Academy of Periodontology, the AAP Foundation, and the American Board of Periodontology appearing on this site may not be used by another party in any advertising or publicity or be used to indicate AAP sponsorship or affiliation with any service or product without prior express written consent from the AAP.

	Links to Other Sites
The AAP provides links to other sites but takes no responsibility for the content or information contained therein and has no control, editorial or otherwise, over those sites.

	No Advertising Accepted
This site does not host or receive funding from advertising or from the display of commercial content.

	Site Privacy Commitment
The American Academy of Periodontology (AAP) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it at all times. This online privacy statement explains how the AAP collects, uses and safeguards information on its website. This Internet Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by the AAP through its website.

	Information Collection and Use
When you browse perio.org and do not interact with the site for any online service or product, you browse anonymously. IP addresses (unique numbers assigned by Internet Services Providers to every computer on the Internet) are used to analyze trends, administer the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, but IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
When you interact with our site in some way, such as subscribing to an AAP publication, purchasing a AAP product, applying for AAP membership, participating in online surveys, submitting questions or comments or requesting information or materials, we will collect certain personal information from you. The type of personal information collected will vary but may include name, address, phone number, billing and delivery information, email address, and other demographic information. When payment is required for a product or service, the purchaser will be asked to enter credit card information on a secure payment site.
Once collected, we may use your personal information to register you for programs and services you have requested,  fulfill your order or application, answer your emailed or online requests, or process surveys. Email addresses and other personal information of site visitors are not provided or released to a third party without the visitor's expressed permission.

	Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. The only usage of cookies on the AAP site is to give AAP members access to password-protected pages after they log in. Cookies are essential for site administration and security.

	Sharing
Outside companies are used to process Annual Meeting registrations and ship orders that are placed online. These companies are instructed neither to retain, share, store nor use personally identifiable information for other purposes.

	Links to other sites
This website contains links to other sites. The AAP is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.

	Security
This website takes every precaution to protect information provided by users. Sensitive information such as credit card numbers is collected only at a secure site and not stored at the AAP central office.

	Site and Service Updates
The AAP sends its members periodic site and service update announcements. Members may request the removal of their names from the member email list.
