 Web Site Privacy Statement


We at Helis.com, want everyone s visit here to be enjoyable and safe.  
We respects your privacy and is committed to protect the personal information that you share with us.


For each visitor to our website, our server automatically recognizes the visitor’ IP address 
by automated means using cookies, browser analysis tools and server logs.

What are cookies? 

Cookies are small text files that are installed on your browser, on your computer or on your mobile device. 
They allow a website to recognize your device. Cookies can have several purposes: 
to ensure that the website takes into account the user’s preferences by for example remembering 
passwords and log-in details, to collect statistical data, to adapt the content etc.

Which cookies do we use?

We use both first and third party cookies and session and persistent cookies:

- First-party cookies are those set by us on our websites. 
- Third-party cookies are set by another domain than the one of the website being visited (e.g. Google Analytics cookies). 
Persistent cookies remain on a user’s device for a certain period (e.g. 1 day, 1 month, 2 years…).

Analytical and tracking cookies
We use (mainly) third party cookies from companies such as Google Analytics, Bing etc. 
to understand how users arrive on our websites and how they interact with us on the website.
We also use these cookies to understand how our media campaigns work. This information is used 
to evaluate and improve the content of our website and our campaigns and ultimately to improve user experience.

Functional cookies
We use functional cookies to allow a site to remember choices you make  
and provide more enhanced, personal features. 
These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
and they do not gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or 
remembering where you’ve been on the Internet outside our sites.

Security cookies
We use security cookies to ensure the security of our website. For example when a registered user logged in.

Social sharing cookies
We use social sharing cookies from LinkedIn, Twitter, Google, Facebook to enable you to share any content of interest on social networks and sometimes we may present some targeted advertisements on these networks based on your interaction with our websites.

Advertising cookies
We use second and third party advertisers for
 all of the advertising that appears on our site to help us maintain our work online.
 

- Google, as a third party vendor, uses the DART cookie to serve ads.
    You  may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the 
 

- To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type 
of advertising, you can visit 
How to control cookies

Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our websites. By using our websites you agree we can place cookies on your device.
If you want to block cookies, remove existing cookies or change your cookies settings, you can do so via your browser settings. These settings can be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your internet browser.
 

For details, see 

You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
However, remember that, if you turn off cookies, certain parts of our sites, some graphic elements may not be accessible or not look as good and you may not be able to use certain applications.


This version of the Cookie policy was last modified on May 7, 2018.

We at Helis.com, want everyone s visit here to be enjoyable and safe. We respects your privacy and is committed to protect the personal information that you share with us. For each visitor to our website, our server automatically recognizes the visitor’ IP address by automated means using cookies, browser analysis tools and server logs.Cookies are small text files that are installed on your browser, on your computer or on your mobile device. They allow a website to recognize your device. Cookies can have several purposes: to ensure that the website takes into account the user’s preferences by for example remembering passwords and log-in details, to collect statistical data, to adapt the content etc.We use both first and third party cookies and session and persistent cookies:- First-party cookies are those set by us on our websites.- Third-party cookies are set by another domain than the one of the website being visited (e.g. Google Analytics cookies).Persistent cookies remain on a user’s device for a certain period (e.g. 1 day, 1 month, 2 years…).We use (mainly) third party cookies from companies such as Google Analytics, Bing etc. to understand how users arrive on our websites and how they interact with us on the website. We also use these cookies to understand how our media campaigns work. This information is used to evaluate and improve the content of our website and our campaigns and ultimately to improve user experience.We use functional cookies to allow a site to remember choices you make and provide more enhanced, personal features. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. and they do not gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or remembering where you’ve been on the Internet outside our sites.We use security cookies to ensure the security of our website. For example when a registered user logged in.We use social sharing cookies from LinkedIn, Twitter, Google, Facebook to enable you to share any content of interest on social networks and sometimes we may present some targeted advertisements on these networks based on your interaction with our websites.We use second and third party advertisers for all of the advertising that appears on our site to help us maintain our work online.- Google, as a third party vendor, uses the DART cookie to serve ads. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy 
policy - To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our websites. By using our websites you agree we can place cookies on your device. If you want to block cookies, remove existing cookies or change your cookies settings, you can do so via your browser settings. These settings can be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your internet browser.For details, see aboutcookies.org You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. However, remember that, if you turn off cookies, certain parts of our sites, some graphic elements may not be accessible or not look as good and you may not be able to use certain applications.This version of the Cookie policy was last modified on May 7, 2018.
