
Privacy Policy Dyrectory’s Privacy Policy Last Updated:  Friday, August 4, 2017This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which 1 Single Media dba dyrectory.com  collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of the dyrectory.com website, including, but not limited to, the client area (collectively referred to as "the Service").What information do we collect?We may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including through online forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where you are invited to volunteer such information, including, but not limited to, when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalize your experienceYour information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.To improve our websiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureHow do we protect your information?We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards) will not be stored on our servers.However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Do we use cookies?Yes, we use cookies (which are small pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer's hard drive) to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information, except to provide products or services you've requested. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also investigate and release your information when we, in good faith, believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. If you flag or otherwise complain to Dyrectory about content through the Service, we may share the substance of your complaint with the contributor of that content in order to provide an opportunity for the contributor to respond.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third Party Accounts: If you sign up for Dyrectory using a third party service like Facebook, or link your Dyrectory account to your account with a third party service like Facebook or Twitter, we may receive information about you from such third party service.Third party linksThe Service may contain links to unaffiliated third party services. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your personal information with them, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on or applicable to all such third party services.Your Personal DataOther users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account, if you include personal information in the content you post publicly.Please also note that the messages you send or receive using the Service are only private to the extent that both you and the person you are communicating with keep them private. For example, if you send a message to another user, that user may choose to publicly post it. Also, Dyrectory may access and disclose such messages in the course of investigations relating to use of the Service.Data Retention and Account TerminationYou can close your account by emailing Admin with your request.  We will remove your public posts from view and/or dissociate them from your account profile, but we may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this Privacy Policy unless prohibited by law. For example, we may retain information to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service or to comply with legal obligations.   Businesses who wish to close their accounts may do so by contacting Admin.  Closing your account will remove their business listings, ratings, or reviews.  There will be no refunds for businesses that choose to close their accounts.Children’s online privacy protection act complianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act).   The Service is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us.  If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our web site Privacy Policy.Changes to Our Privacy PolicyFrom time to time we may revise this Privacy Policy. Changes to this Policy will be made at our sole discretion.  If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Service prior to the effective date of the changes. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy.Contacting usIf you  have any questions about Dyrectory’s Privacy Policy, your may contact us only via our Contact Form.Last Updated:  Friday, August 4, 2017  