
PRIVACY POLICY

		This Policy describes the manner in which Rezon OOD of Sofia, Company ID No. 121184622, having its registered address at 11A Carnegie St., Sofia, Bulgaria processes information concerning the visitors to its sites. If you have or plan to become a user of our websites, we will be able to use your personal data for additional purposes for the sole reason of providing a better-quality service to you. In no case shall your personal data be used for any purposes other than those for which you have provided such data.
	
Collecting and Processing Personal Data

		The term Personal Data shall refer to information that can be used to identify you such as your name, address, e-mail and postal address, and telephone number. Rezon OOD, Sofia shall in no way, shape, or form collect your personal data unless it is required to perform a particular action on the website you are visiting.
	
Using and Storing Personal Data

		Rezon OOD shall use your personal data solely for the technical management of the sites you have registered at, in order to provide to you access to special information or for general communication with you. Rezon OOD shall not sell or trade your personal data. The employees of Rezon OOD are contractually obliged to maintain the confidential nature of your personal data by way of non-disclosure agreements. Rezon OOD shall abide by the provisions of its Personal Data Protection Policy which has been submitted to the Bulgarian Commission for Personal Data Protection. Rezon OOD shall strictly follow the principles of this policy when storing the personal data of the registered users of the company’s sites.
	
Cookies

		Cookies are small files that are stored temporarily on your computer’s hard drive. This is done to allow our site to recognize your computer the next time you visit our electronic store. Rezon OOD shall use cookies solely for the purpose of collecting information on how you use our site in order to identify you quicker and to offer you services.
	
Security

		We shall diligently protect your data from loss, destruction, corruption/forgery, manipulation and unauthorized access.
	
Links to Other Internet Sites

		This Personal Data Protection Policy shall apply only to the sites owned by Rezon OOD and none other. Our company’s pages and sites may contain links to other websites or service providers who have no policies regarding the protection of the personal data of their users and customers.
	
Amendments to the Personal Data Protection Policy

		All amendments to the Personal Data Protection Policy shall be announced on this page. The management of Rezon OOD shall reserve the right to amend this Personal Data Protection Policy at any time provided this does not violate the Personal Data Protection Act of the Republic of Bulgaria.
	
General Terms and Conditions of Use

		Go to this page, if you wish to learn more about the general terms and conditions of use of Rezon OOD’s websites.
	

