

文學城簡介
申請版主
注冊筆名
招聘信息
聯係我們
隱私協議 PRIVACY POLICY
使用條款


						  
						隱私協議 PRIVACY POLICY
[ 更新日期：02/05/2014 ]

PRIVACY POLICY 
 
WenXueCity (“WenXueCity”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of users of WenXueCity’s website, WenXueCity.com (the “Website”).  WenXueCity created this Privacy Policy to give you or your company (in either case, “You” or “Your”) confidence as You visit and use the Website, and to demonstrate its commitment to fair information practices and to the protection of privacy. 
 
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Website and not to any websites of third parties (“Third-Party Websites”), which may have data collection, storage and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy. For additional information, see the section concerning Third-Party Websites, below.
 
BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF, THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND OR DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THE WEBSITE.
 
YOU MUST BE 18 YEARS OR OLDER TO ACCESS AND/OR THE WESITE OR SERVICES, OTHERWISE YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THE WEBSITE. BY ACCESSING AND USING THE WEBISTE AND SERVICE, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD.
 
Each time You use the Website, the then-current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. Accordingly, each time You use the Website You should check the date of this Privacy Policy (which appears at the end) and review any changes since the last time You used the Website. For additional information, see the section concerning Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy, below.
 
1. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
 
(a) Traffic Data.
 
Like most website operators, WenXueCity automatically gathers information of the sort that browsers automatically make available, including: (i) IP addresses; (ii) domain servers; (iii) types of computers accessing the Website; and (iv) types of Web browsers accessing the Website (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify You.
 
Additionally, WenXueCity and Google, Inc. collect non-anonymous traffic information about your online activity related to your visit to the Website, including Your use of your devices, Your use of other mobile applications on the same mobile device, Your click data, and Your click patterns in relation to promotional advertising on your device, cookies (defined below), tracking tags, pixel tags, and visitor history.  
 
(b) Cookie Policy
 
“Cookies” are text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit or certain emails that you open.  A Cookie acts as a string of information that a website stores on a user’s computer, and that the user’s browser provides to the website each time the user submits a query to the website.  The purpose of a Cookie is to identify the user as a unique user of the Website. WenXueCity uses Cookies.
 
WenXueCity uses cookies on the Website for the following purposes:

to customize your experience on the Website to your interests
to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements or informational messages repeatedly, and
to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Website. 

IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO HAVE COOKIES PLACED ON YOUR COMPUTER, YOU SHOULD SET YOUR BROWSERS TO REFUSE COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE, WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT CERTAIN OF THE SERVICES AND CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE WEBSITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF COOKIES.  IF YOU REFUSE COOKIES, YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY RESULTING LOSS OF FUNCTIONALITY.
 
You can learn more about how to delete or control cookies at  www.aboutcookies.org  
(c) Ad Serving. 
 
WenXueCity designs its own ad serving system as well as uses third-parties for advertising and analytics for pages that we host. They may place cookies on Your machine, use web beacons, gather IP addresses and log data to collect traffic and activity data to send to the United States in order to deliver relevant metrics, content, and advertising. 
 
(d) Personal Information.
 
In order for You to use certain of the Services, You will be asked to provide WenXueCity certain information that personally identifies You (“Personal Information”).  Personal Information includes, without limitation: (1) “Contact Data” (such as Your contact name, mailing address, phone number, and e-mail address) and (2) “Demographic Data” (such as Your gender and zip code). In each case, You will be asked to provide Personal Information; the Website will not gather it surreptitiously. WenXueCity may supplement the Personal Information You provide with additional Personal Information gathered from public sources or from third-parties (e.g., consumer reporting agencies) who may lawfully provide such information to WenXueCity. You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information, with the caveat that Your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain of the Services.
 
(e) Information You Make Public.
 
The Website may contain features (e.g. posting, blogging, instant messages, electronic messaging, etc.) that permit You to upload, post, transmit, display, perform or distribute content, information or other, including Your Personal Information.  Any information that You choose to disclose by means of such features becomes public information over which WenXueCity is unable to exercise control.  You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose Your Personal Information by means of such features, and You agree to assume all responsibility for doing so.   
 
(f) Mobile Device Information
 
The WenXueCity Mobile Application may collect: (i) information about the type, make, and model of Your device, the operating system You use on the device, browser type and specifications, the network service or wireless communication provider who connects Your device to a telecommunications system or systems, Your internet protocol address, and other unique identifiers assigned by third parties to Your mobile device, and (ii) information regarding the physical geographic location of your device. 
 
2. INFORMATION USE AND DISCLOSURE PRACTICES
 
(a) Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies.
 
WenXueCity analyzes Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies to help WenXueCity better understand who is using the Website and how they are using it.  By identifying patterns and trends in usage, WenXueCity is able to better design the Website to improve Your experience, and to serve You more relevant and interesting content and advertisements.  From time to time, WenXueCity may release Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website.  WenXueCity does not attempt to link information gathered using Cookies to Personal Information.
 
(b) Personal Information
 
(i) Generally.
 
WenXueCity uses Your Contact Data to send You information about WenXueCity and WenXueCity’s products and services, and to contact You when necessary in connection with the Services. WenXueCity uses WenXueCity uses Your Demographic Data to customize and tailor Your experience on the Website. As with Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies, from time to time WenXueCity may release Demographic Data in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website.
 
(ii) Disclosure Practices.
 
Except under the following circumstances, WenXueCity will keep Your Personal Information private, and will not share it with third parties.

Disclosure to Affiliate Marketers.  WenXueCity may utilize any and all Personal Information to help our clients better understand the demographics of our target audiences as well as to support our marketing data products and services.  We may also provide personally identifiable data to partner firms which may include third party marketing companies, affiliates, advertising agencies, and data aggregation companies. Such data may be used by the aforementioned partner firms to provide consumers with information on products and services that may be of interest in accordance with this privacy policy.


Disclosure in Connection with Services.  WenXueCity discloses Personal Information to those who help it provide services, including without limitation those who perform technical, administrative, and data processing tasks such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, and data storage and security. 


By Law or to Protect Rights.  WenXueCity discloses Personal Information when required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order, or when WenXueCity believes in its sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of WenXueCity, third parties or the public at large. 


Business Transfers; Bankruptcy.  WenXueCity reserves the right to transfer all Personal Information in its possession to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of WenXueCity’s assets.  Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred Personal Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy, or to a new privacy policy if You are given notice of that new privacy policy and an opportunity to affirmatively opt-out of it.  Personal Information submitted or collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by WenXueCity’s successor organization. 


Unpaid Accounts. If You fail to pay any balance owed in consideration of services, WenXueCity may, as permitted by law, report Your Personal Information, including without limitation Your unpaid balance, to consumer credit reporting services, collection agencies and others. 


3. CONSENT TO RECEIVE ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS FROM WENXUECITY
 
Without limitation, by registering for the Website and/or Services and/or by providing contact name, email, mailing address, or zip code and/or phone number through the Website or Services, you hereby expressly consent to receive electronic and other communications from WenXueCity, over the short term and periodically, including email and short-message service (“SMS” or “text message”) communications, regarding the Website and/or Services, new product offers, promotions, and other matters.  You may opt-out of receiving electronic communications at any time by (a) following the unsubscribe instructions contained in each communication; or (b) sending an email to INFO at WenXueCity dot com.
 
4. CONSENT TO RECEIVE ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS FROM OTHER WENXUECITY USERS
 
Without limitation, by registering for the Website and/or Services contact name, email, mailing address, or zip code and/or phone number through the Website or Services, you hereby consent to receive electronic communications, including email, short-message service (“SMS”) messages, instant messages, video conferencing, and other personal messages from other users of the Website and Services.
 
5. CONSENT TO RECEIVE ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS FROM WENXUECITY PARTNER MARKETERS
 
Without limitation, by registering for the Website and/or Services and/or by providing your contact name, email, mailing address, or zip code and/or phone number through the Website or Services, you hereby consent to receive, and openly and knowingly solicit, electronic communications, including email and SMS communications, from WenXueCity partner firms which may include third party marketing companies, affiliates, advertising agencies, and data aggregation companies regarding their services, including offers, promotions, and other related matters. You may opt-out of receiving electronic communications at any time by (a) following the unsubscribe instructions contained in each communication; or (b) sending an email to INFO at WenXueCity dot com.
 
6. SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
 
WenXueCity has implemented and maintains reasonable security procedures and practices to protect against the unauthorized access, use, modification, destruction or disclosure of Your Personal Information. 
 
7. LOST OR STOLEN INFORMATION
 
You must promptly notify us if Your credit, bank, other financial institution information, user name or password is lost, stolen or used without permission. In such and event, we will remove that credit card number, bank account information, other financial institution information, user name or password from Your account and updated our records accordingly. 
 
8. USER ABILITY TO ACCESS, UPDATE, AND CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
 
WenXueCity wants Your Personal Information to be complete and accurate. As stated in the Website Terms of Use, by using the Website, You represent and warrant that all information You provide in connection with Your use of the Website and Services will be current, complete, and accurate, and that You will update that information as necessary to maintain its completeness and accuracy. 
 
9. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
 
WenXueCity neither owns nor controls Third-Party Websites. Accordingly, Third-Party Websites are under no obligation to comply with this Privacy Policy except with respect to Personal Information provided directly to them by WenXueCity. Before visiting or providing Personal Information to a Third-Party Website, You should inform Yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of that Third-Party Website, and should take those steps necessary to, in Your discretion, protect Your privacy. 
 
10. PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES
 
From time to time, WenXueCity may conduct contests, giveaways and other promotions (collectively, “Promotional Activities”). Any information submitted in connection with Promotional Activities will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. From time to time, WenXueCity may also ask You to participate in surveys designed to help WenXueCity improve the Websites or Services. Any Personal Information provided to WenXueCity in connection with any survey will be used only in relation to that survey, and will be disclosed to third parties not bound by this Privacy Policy only in aggregated form.
 
11. UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
 
Although most changes are likely to be minor, WenXueCity reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, update, change or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such update, change or modification on this page. Any such addition, update, change or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Website. Each time You use the Website, the then-current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. Accordingly, each time You use the Website You should check the date of this Privacy Policy (which appears at the end) and review any changes since the last time You used the Website. Unless WenXueCity obtains Your express consent, any revised Privacy Policy will apply only to information collected after the effective date of such revised Privacy Policy, and not to information collected under any earlier Privacy Policy.
 
 
 
 
 
 


