
SECTION 1 – WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
Here at Kwiksave we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us. 
When you visit our website, we may collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address when you use forms present on our website.
When you browse our website, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about us, new products and other updates. 
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time. You can do this:
By clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email
By contacting us on: [email protected] 
SECTION 2 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to for example when you fill in a contact form, we imply that you consent to our collecting such information and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by clicking here and filling the form. By doing so, all information we hold about you unto our website will be deleted.
If you would like to review the data we have collected you can request access by clicking here and filling the form.
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 5  
SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
Site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers use the site, to improve both its functionality and your shopping experience.
Targeting or advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads relevant to you. They also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
By using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, the “help” section in your browser should provide instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site.
SECTION 6 – AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state, county, province, region or country of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state, county, province, region or country of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 7 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our organisation is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at [email protected]
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
John P Casaletto
[email protected] 
Version 2018.01 | Last Update: 2nd April 2018
 