


Information We Collect From You 

We may collect Personal Information and Device Information (defined below) (collectively, “information”) about you in connection with your registration, use, purchase, or inquiries on or about our Sites that link to this Privacy Policy. Click here to learn more.                                    



How We Use Your Information 

We may use your information to provide services, respond to inquiries, communicate with you, process transactions, improve, develop, provide content for, operate, deliver and market our Sites, implement social networking features, comply with our company policies and procedures and with applicable law, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Click here to learn more.                                    



How We Share Your Information 

We may share your information with our business units, affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, customers, and service providers, and as otherwise permitted by law. We do not sell or share information with third parties so that they can independently market their own products or services to you, unless we have explicitly given you the option to opt-in such disclosures. Click here to learn more.                                    



Cookies and Similar Technologies 

We may use cookies and similar technologies to help provide our Sites, offer you a more personalized user experience and market products and services to you. Click here to learn more.                                    



Choice 

You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us. Click here to learn more.                                    



Access and Correction of Your Information 

We provide you with the opportunity to be informed of whether we are processing your information and to access, correct, update, oppose, delete, block, limit or object, upon request and free of charge, to our use of your information to the extent required by applicable law. Click here to learn more.                                    



Security of Your Information 

We maintain commercially-reasonable technical, administrative and physical security measures to protect your information. Click here to learn more.                                    



International Transfers 

We may transfer your information outside of your home country. To protect such information, any such international transfers will be made in accordance with applicable law. Click here to learn more.                                    



Tell-A-Friend 

If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about one of our Sites, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address for us to send your friend a one-time email to invite him/her to access the specific Site. Click here to learn more.                                    



Links to Other Websites 

Our Sites may contain links to other websites or services that are not owned or controlled by NASDAQ, including links to websites of our advertisers, sponsors and partners. Click here to learn more.                                    



Changes to this Privacy Policy 

You will be notified about any material changes to this Privacy Policy via a posting on our Sites, and as otherwise required by applicable law. Click here to learn more.                                    



Contact Us 

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. Click here to learn more.                                    


