


Information about how this policy applies to our global company 

Nasdaq has endeavored to develop a Privacy Policy that can be applied consistently across its global organization; however, certain elements are limited to situations where applicable law requires them. With respect to your Personal Information, the data controller will be the Nasdaq entity delivering products and services or with whom you are interacting. Click here to learn more.                                    



Situations where this Privacy Policy does not apply 

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the extent that other Personal Information processing or privacy terms are set forth in the applicable contract for Nasdaq’s products or services, posted on a Site or in certain other situations. Click here to learn more                                    



Information we collect about you 

We may collect Personal Information and Device Information (defined below) (collectively, “information”) about you in connection with your (or your employer’s) receipt of products or services including to fulfill our contractual obligations or establish or maintain a business relationship with us; your registration, use, purchase, or inquiries on or about our Sites that link to this Privacy Policy; the pursuit of our legitimate business interests; and/or, to comply with applicable law. Click here to learn more.                                    



How we use your information 

We may use your information to provide services; respond to inquiries and provide customer support and technical assistance; communicate with you; process transactions; improve, develop, provide content for, operate, deliver and market our products, service or Sites; implement social networking features; comply with our company policies and procedures and with applicable law; ensure proper and authorized use of the Sites; perform Site tracking and analysis; and, as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Click here to learn more. Click here to learn more.                                    



Automated decision-making 

We do not process Personal Information for automated decision making in a manner that has legal or similarly significant effects on the individual. Click here to learn more.                                    



How we share your information 

We may share your information with our business units, affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, customers/members, service providers and/or your representatives, when we believe necessary to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of another user, and as otherwise permitted by law. We do not sell or share information with third parties so that they can independently market their own products or services to you, unless we have explicitly given you the option to opt-in such disclosures. Click here to learn more.                                    



Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Information
 

We provide you with the opportunity to be informed of whether we are processing your information and to access, correct, update, oppose, delete, block, limit or object, upon request and free of charge, to our use of your Personal Information to the extent required by applicable law. Click here to learn more.                                    



Security of Your Information 

We maintain commercially-reasonable technical, administrative and physical security measures to protect your information. Click here to learn more.                                    



International Transfers 

We may transfer your information outside of your home country. To protect such information, any such international transfers will be made in accordance with applicable law. Click here to learn more.                                    



Our Retention of Your Information 

We retain your information to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, comply with record retention requirements that apply to our business and where required to address legal or compliance matters affecting the information. Click here to learn more.                                    



Cookies and similar Technologies 

We may use cookies and similar technologies to help deliver our products, services and Sites, offer you a more personalized user experience and market products and services to you. Click here to learn more.                                    



Marketing Communications
 

You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us. Click here to learn more.                                    



Referrals 

If you choose to refer an individual about our products or services, to explore a business relationship with us or to use our Sites, we will ask you for the individual’s name and email address for us to send your friend a one-time email to invite him/her to access the specific Site. Click here to learn more.                                    



Links to Other Websites 

Our Sites may contain links to other websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Nasdaq, including links to websites of our advertisers, sponsors and partners. Click here to learn more.                                    



Use of Sites by Children 

Our Sites are not intended for use by children under the age of sixteen. Click here to learn more.                                    




Changes to this Privacy Policy 

You will be notified about any material changes to this Privacy Policy via a posting on our Sites, and as otherwise required by applicable law. Click here to learn more.                                    



Contact Us 

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to exercise your rights regarding Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@nasdaq.com or one of the other points of contact listed in this Privacy Policy. You may also contact our Data Protection Official for our EEA Regulated Entities and the Data Protection Authority. Click here to learn more.                                    


