
Thank you for visiting this website, a digital service presented to you by RealClearPolitics, LLC. ("RCP", "we" or "us"). Your privacy is important to us. As such, we provide this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by this digital service and among RealClearPolitics network of affiliated and operated digital services ("RealClear Media Group"), which includes any online or mobile websites, applications or digital services owned, operated or offered by, on behalf of, or in conjunction with RCP or its Affiliates, including any online or mobile website, application or digital service installation through which this Privacy Policy appears (each a "Service," collectively the "Services"). "Users" are persons that use the Services.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers RCP’s treatment of personal identifiable information (PII) that we gather when you are on the RCP website and when you use RCP Services.
This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that RCP does not own or control, or to individuals that RCP does not employ or manage.
Data Collection and How We Use
Our primary goal in collecting PII is to provide you with a friendly, customized, and enhanced experience. We only collect PII that is relevant to the purpose of our Services. We may collect PII about our Users in various ways such as: directly from Users, via usage of our Services automatically, from publicly available sources or affiliated 3rd party services. We do not process this information in a way that is incompatible with the purpose for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by Users, publicly available sources or third parties.

Data You Provide to Us

Registration - We collect and store PII such as name, address, e-mail, IP address, geo-location, title, job type, phone number, organization name, organization type, country, industry field of interest, credit card (where applicable) that Users voluntarily supply either while on our Sites or Applications. We use this information to enable Users to an array of services and/or features such as online newsletters, notifications, online commenting, surveys, contact forms and paid subscriptions from RCP, partners and advertisers. For some services, Users may be able to submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person’s name, email address, telephone number to send a link of interest or purchase a gifted paid-subscription for them.
Social Media – If Users access or log-in to a RCP Service through a social media service or connect a RCP Service to a social media service, the PII we collect may also include User ID and/or user name associated with social media service, any other information or content Users have permitted the social media service to share with us, such as profile picture, email address or friends lists, and any information Users have made public in connection with that social media service. When accessing RCP Services through social media services, Users authorize RCP to collect, store and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


Data Automatically or Passively Collected

Server Logs – when Users access and interact with RCP Services and its service providers, we receive and record certain “traffic data” on our server logs (which may be hosted by a 3rd party service) such as but not limited to: IP address, timestamp of visit, page visited or service used, geolocation, unique device identifier (if accessing via mobile, unique device identifier. We use this to permit a connection to our Services, help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends and administer our Services.
Cookie Information – We and affiliated 3rd party Services may use cookies, web beacons, mobile ad identifiers, and other similar technologies on your browser (read and write) to provide content, advertising, functionality, or measure and analyze advertisement and traffic metrics. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. RCP cookies do not collect PII. For more information please visit our more in-depth cookie policies

Prevent Accepting Cookies - The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will direct Users on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell Users when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. We strongly recommend that Users leave the cookies activated, because cookies enable Users to take advantage of some of RCP’s most attractive features.


Usage Data 

Advertising Networks and Platforms - RCP provides much of its Services free of cost to our Users. Thus, to help fund these Services, we serve advertisements and sponsorships. Our advertisers and advertising networks may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographics, inferred interests, aggregated information, information of the different devices you use and your activity on such devices, to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. You can opt out of those vendors’ use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/.
Analytics and Reporting – The server log, cookie and usage data information may be made available to certain 3rd party service providers (“Analytics Services”), such as contractors, analytics and other measurement companies, agents or sponsors, who help us analyze and understand user’s usage of RCP Services, and manage and/or provide the RCP Services. The Analytics Services may also transfer the information other third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process analytics information is restricted by such Analytics Services terms of use and privacy policy. By using our Services, Users consent to the processing of information by Analytics Services in the manner and for the purposes set above. For a full list of our Analytics Services, please contact us at info@realclearpolitics.com.


Other

Third Party Information Usage – We may allow affiliated 3rd party partners access to your PII to provide us with Services, such as but not limited to technical maintenance, market research, community and forums management, paid subscription management, but only for and to the extent necessary to provide those Services. If you choose to purchase merchandise, products and/or Services, including without limitation Content, on or through features on the Service, we may forward your PII to third parties for services such as credit-card or other payment processing, order fulfillment, credit pre-authorization, and address verification.
Publicly Available Information - We may supplement information we collect from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our Company Affiliates or business partners, as permitted by law. We may use this information and all information collected to further augment our analytics and reporting, provide and manage our Services.
Legal Uses of Information - We may use any PII collected to protect and enforce the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of the Services, our employees or agents or Users or to comply with applicable law or legal process, including responding to requests from public and government authorities.
Mergers and/or Sale of Assets – If RCP sells/merges all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or a material part of its business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings), RCP may transfer User PII to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.





User Access and Control
You can access your PII on our website when you register as a member (free). As a member you can review, update, change or delete the personal Information RCP Services has collected about you in your account settings.

Receiving Electronic Communications – if Users no longer want to receive newsletter/marketing relating emails or notifications from us going-forward, Users may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email or notification settings.
Cancelling your account – If Users delete their account, we may also retain backup Information related to the account on our servers for some time after cancelation or fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all User PII due to technical constraints, contractual, financial, or legal requirements.

Children’s Privacy
You must be 13 years and older to register as a member to the RCP website. As a result, RCP does not specifically collect information about children.
Contact Us
If you have any further question about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@realclearpolitics.com
