  Epson America, Inc. and Epson Canada, Limited Online Privacy Policy Effective Date December 2013  Introduction. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies only to Epson America, Inc. and Epson Canada, Limited ("Epson," "we", "our" or "us") websites where this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the "Sites") or other interactive features or downloads that are owned or controlled by Epson and made available through the Sites or that interact with the Sites and post or link to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is designed to provide information about our privacy and data collection practices both online and offline, such as the types of information we collect regarding visitors to the Sites. This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected at any other website (unless specifically stated on the website). This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites managed or operated by other Epson entities, such as Epson Electronics and Epson Research and Development, or websites in other countries operated by other Epson entities.    Active Collection of Personal Information. To access or take advantage of some areas of the Sites, we may ask you to provide personal information. "Personal Information" is information that can be used to identify you. Examples of Personal Information we may collect through our Sites and otherwise from you include name, mailing address, e-mail address, credit or debit card account number, birth date, or telephone number. Personal Information we collect may also include demographic information, such as your gender, marital status, salary, or similar information if it can be linked to you. We may obtain demographic or similar information from third party service providers and, with your consent, may combine that information with the Personal Information we collect and track (such as transaction history, warranty registration, rebate fulfillment, returns, etc.), in order to create a profile on an individual so that we may provide you with personalized services and interactive communication, advise you about new products and services that may be of interest to you, and for internal market research and service development purposes. We treat all such information as Personal Information subject to this Privacy Policy.  Personal Information may be requested and collected offline and at various locations and on various forms on the Sites, including, but not limited to: registration forms for newsletters and other e-mail communications; registration for membership to the Sites; registration for participation in contests, sweepstakes, auctions, surveys or other promotions that may be offered on the Sites; when you submit an inquiry via the Sites; when you purchase a product from the Sites; when you register your product warranty information; or when you communicate or otherwise interact with us via the Sites or otherwise. You may always elect not to submit Personal Information, however, as a result, you may not be able to access certain of the Sites' features and functionality.  If you have registered as a member of any of the Sites, you may update or modify some of the information that you actively provided through the Sites, including your contact information and e-mail marketing preferences. You may do this by logging into your member account. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us.  Passive Collection of Information. In addition to the Personal Information that you actively provide to us, we or our third party service providers may use a variety of technologies to automatically collect information about you when you use the Sites and when you use certain third party sites (see "Network Advertising and Retargeting," below). This information may include demographic information, browser type, operating system, IP address, mobile device identifiers and other information. This information may also include clickstream data, which is information about the page-by-page paths you take as you browse through the Sites and certain third party sites. Some third parties may also collect Personal Information when you visit the Sites or other online websites and services.  The methods that we and our service providers may use to automatically collect such information include the following:   Cookies: Cookies are data files that are placed on a computer when it is used to visit a website. These cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, tracking user preferences and web pages visited while using the Sites and certain third party sites for marketing and other purposes. These service providers use cookies or web beacons to help us deliver Site content, compile Site metrics and analytics, and help us improve and customize your experiences on the Sites and in our advertising efforts. You can find a list of these companies and find out more about how these companies use cookies or web beacons by clicking on the following link: Service Providers. You may disable cookies using your browser's preferences. However, some features of the Sites may not function properly or may operate slowly if you disable the cookies. Please also be aware that disabling cookies will remove all cookies from your system including those you may find useful such as passwords and user names you have saved on frequently visited websites. Web Beacons and Pixels: We may include small graphic images called web beacons, also known as "Internet tags" or "clear gifs," or pixels in our web pages and e-mail messages. We may use web beacons, pixels or similar technologies for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count the number of visitors to the Sites, to monitor how users navigate the Sites, to count how many e-mails that we sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed, and for third party marketing as described below in "Network Advertising and Retargeting."  Embedded Scripts: An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites. It is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third party we work with, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deleted or deactivated thereafter. Software Downloads: We may obtain information about your usage of products we have sold to you after you download software from us that helps you to track your ink usage and allows us to monitor your printing patterns. See also the discussion of the Ask.com Toolbar below.     Passively-collected information about you, such as how you interact with the Sites and third party sites, your ink usage, and your printing patterns, may be combined or associated with your Personal Information. In addition, we may send you product promotions that we think you may be interested in receiving based on the passively-collected information. If we associate any such passively-collected information with Personal Information about you, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information. In each of these instances, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any information received, unless otherwise specifically disclosed by us.  If you download the Ask.com Toolbar, Epson will receive analytical and other information about the fact that you have installed the Toolbar, the number of times you use the Toolbar for searches, the type of Toolbar you use, your geographic location and browser settings, and whether or not you click on advertisements provided through the Ask.com Toolbar and related search queries, for purposes of managing our commercial agreement with APN, LLC. If you use an "InkFinder" or similar Epson application through the Ask.com Toolbar, we will also receive analytical and other information about your printer and ink for customer support purposes. Epson may also use this information to market Epson products and services to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that Ask.com itself may collect from you by virtue of your downloading and/or use of the Ask.com Toolbar or the methods used by Ask.com to collect that information. For more information about Ask.com's privacy practices, see the Ask.com Privacy Policy , and Ask.com End User License Agreement . If you do not want Epson or Ask.com to collect information from you regarding your use of the Ask.com Toolbar, you always have the option of not installing the Toolbar or of uninstalling the Toolbar.  Network Advertising and Retargeting. Epson participates in online advertising networks and exchanges that display relevant advertisements to site visitors based on their interests as reflected in their browsing of the Sites and certain third party sites participating in the same networks and exchanges, including but not limited to networks and exchanges operated by Responsys, Yahoo/Bing, and Google (a current list is available on request). These companies use cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar technologies to passively collect information from you which may be used to tailor the advertising you see on the Site or elsewhere on the web. This means that some information about your browsing of the Sites and certain third party sites may be shared with these companies for the purpose of delivering ads to you on the Sites and certain third party sites, and Epson may receive from some of these companies information about third party sites that you have visited. This information is used for marketing purposes and the practice is sometimes termed "retargeting" to indicate that information from one retailer is used to suggest to you relevant products offered by another retailer. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that such third parties themselves may have collected from you (e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit, page(s) visited) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs). Click these links to learn more about Bing's, . Epson participates in online advertising networks and exchanges that display relevant advertisements to site visitors based on their interests as reflected in their browsing of the Sites and certain third party sites participating in the same networks and exchanges, including but not limited to networks and exchanges operated by Responsys, Yahoo/Bing, and Google (a current list is available on request). These companies use cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar technologies to passively collect information from you which may be used to tailor the advertising you see on the Site or elsewhere on the web. This means that some information about your browsing of the Sites and certain third party sites may be shared with these companies for the purpose of delivering ads to you on the Sites and certain third party sites, and Epson may receive from some of these companies information about third party sites that you have visited. This information is used for marketing purposes and the practice is sometimes termed "retargeting" to indicate that information from one retailer is used to suggest to you relevant products offered by another retailer. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that such third parties themselves may have collected from you (e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit, page(s) visited) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs). Click these links to learn more about Yahoo's Google's , and Responsys ' business practices and privacy policies. You can also learn more about opting out of network advertising retargeting below under "Opting Out of Network Advertising Retargeting."  Information from Third Parties. We may, from time to time, obtain supplemental information about you from third party sources or from our marketing partners in connection with co-branded websites or promotions and from network advertising services (see above). If we receive Personal Information from a third party source and/or we combine the information we receive from these third party sources with your Personal Information, we will treat that information and the combined information as Personal Information. We are not responsible for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties or how such third parties collect and use such information.  Use of Personal Information. Epson may use your Personal Information, whether collected online or offline, and whether collected actively or passively (as described above in "Passive Collection of Information"): (1) to provide you with information or services, or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive; (2) to process your registration with the Sites, including verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid; (3) to improve the Sites or our services, to customize your experience on the Sites, or with your consent to serve you specific content that is relevant to you; (4) to market Epson products and services to you; (5) to contact you with regard to your use of the Sites and, in our discretion, changes to our policies; (6) for internal business purposes; and (7) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information.  Opting Out Of Receiving Commercial E-mail Correspondence from Epson. Epson provides several means for you to opt-out of receiving commercial e-mails from Epson. If you do not wish to receive e-mail notices regarding our products or services, you may opt-out at the time you provide your Personal Information to us. Otherwise, at any other time you may opt-out by logging into your member account and changing your preferences. You may also opt-out through any commercial e-mail you receive from Epson by selecting the "unsubscribe" or similar option included with each e-mail. To opt-out of direct mailings, we will provide you with a postage paid opt-out card with any promotional offers we mail to you.  Opting Out of Network Advertising Retargeting. If you do not wish to receive retargeted advertising from Epson based on your activity on third party sites, you may disable cookies as described above in the cookies section and clear your browser history. This will also have the effect of disabling cookies that were placed through e-mail pixels.  Certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") AdChoices Program and may display an Advertising Option Icon for interest-based ads. You can learn more about the DAA AdChoices Program here: http://www.youradchoices.com/ . In addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). The NAI has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of targeted advertising delivered by NAI members' ad networks. To learn more about opting out of targeted advertising or to use the tool, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.   Some browsers have a "do not track" feature. For more information about Do Not Track, see http://allaboutdnt.com/.   Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a "Promotion") through the Sites that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion's official rules, such as on a winners list.  Disclosure of Information. Except as otherwise provided herein, Epson does not share, rent, or sell any Personal Information it collects to any third party for third party marketing or solicitations purposes. We may, in our sole discretion, share with third parties information that is not associated with your name or identity, such as website usage information, non-personally identifiable demographic information, and aggregate user statistics. We may share Personal Information with third parties as described at the time you provide the information and under the following circumstances:   Service Providers: We may share your Personal Information with third party service providers so that they may perform certain services for us, such as website hosting, order fulfillment, delivery of Epson promotional materials and product offers, clearing and processing credit and debit card payments, or performing other services on our behalf. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance and are required to protect Personal Information collected by them on behalf of Epson or disclosed to them by Epson and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Policy. Advertising Retargeting: Epson may share certain user information about you, including Personal Information, with third party advertisers ("Advertisers"; a current list is available on request) through the use of cookies, web beacons, and pixels, placed in Epson emails and on the Sites. This information about you allows those Advertisers to track your preferences and web pages visited while using the Sites and certain third party sites and to use that information to target advertising to you on behalf of Epson. Epson does not share your information with third parties for their marketing purposes. Business Transfers: Epson may share Personal Information with its subsidiaries and affiliates for internal business purposes. Epson also reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer all information collected, whether through or in connection with the Sites or otherwise, including Personal Information, to third parties in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including a liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Epson or of any of the business or assets or shares of Epson or a subsidiary or division thereof in order for you to continue to receive the same products and services from the third party. Legal and Safety Obligations: To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we may also transfer and disclose user information, including Personal Information, to third parties: (i) in the event we are required to respond to subpoenas or other legal process or if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required or permitted by law; (ii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; (iii) to protect and/or defend the Terms of Use United States, Terms of Use Canada or other policies applicable to the Sites; or (iv) to protect the personal safety, life, health, rights, property or security of any individual. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we may also use IP addresses, mobile device identifiers or any other information we collect to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.     Information You Provide About Others. We may also provide you opportunities to submit certain Personal Information about other individuals as permitted under applicable law. For instance, you may choose to send a notice through the Sites to a friend regarding products or content offered by the Sites. Please note that any such notices we send to third parties on your behalf will appear to be sent by you and not Epson. You agree that you will not abuse this feature by entering names, addresses, e-mail addresses or other Personal Information of individuals who you know or ought to know would not be interested in Epson products and/or for whom you have not obtained prior consent. We will not use the Personal Information of these individuals for any other purpose without their consent except in connection with legal and safety obligations set forth above.  Children's Privacy Protection. Epson is aware of the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13. The Sites are not intended for children and are not targeted to children under the age of 13. Epson does not knowingly collect data from children and, if we learn that we have received identifying information from a user under the age of 13, we will delete this information.  The Epson Store. The Epson Store is a section of the Sites that allows you to purchase Epson products online. The Epson Store is designed to give you options concerning the privacy of your Personal Information. If you choose, you can set up an account, where you will provide certain Personal Information. This will allow you to have a customized order page for express ordering and to view your purchasing history. To protect your privacy, we have designed the Epson Store to include certain steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make changes to your account. After logging into your account, you will have access to your account information and the ability to view, update or change it at any time. To access your information, you will need to use a password. When purchasing products from the Epson Store, the order form will also ask you to provide a daytime telephone number. A telephone number is requested so we can quickly resolve questions related to an order, such as to clarify customer orders or to notify a customer of backorder status.  You also may choose to have Epson save your credit card information. We use commercially reasonable security measures and retain card information for payment processing purposes only. See the section below entitled "Security" for further details. Because we know customers are concerned about credit card security, Epson Store users have two choices when purchasing from the Epson Store. You may either: (1) store your credit card number(s) in your account profile, which is convenient because you will not need to re-enter your number each time you place an order; or (2) elect not to store your credit card number(s) in your account profile, which means you will be required to re-enter your credit card information each time you place an order through the Epson Store. If at any time you would like to make a purchase but do not want to provide your credit card information online, you may also place your order by contacting an Epson Store sales representative by telephone at 800-873-7766.  Advertisements. Advertisements from third party advertisers ("Advertisers") may appear on the Sites and may be directed to you when and after you open Epson emails. Advertisers may compile information about the advertisements that appear to you while you are using the Sites and certain third party sites and which advertisements you click on. The Advertisers may use cookies, web beacons and pixels, and other methods of passively collecting such information, through Epson emails and based on your activity on the Sites and certain third party sites. The collection of such information through these methods may allow the Advertisers to track each time you are sent an online advertisement from that Advertiser. These Advertisers and Epson may use this information to deliver targeted advertisements that they or we believe will be of most interest to you. In some cases, Epson may have access to information from web beacons, pixels and cookies used by Advertisers in Epson emails and on the Sites and certain third party sites, and this information may permit Epson to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated with the Advertiser. As noted above, this Privacy Policy does not cover the methods for collecting information used by these Advertisers or the use of the information that the Advertisers collect. We make no representations or warranties regarding the policies or business practices of such Advertisers and we encourage you to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies.  Third Party Websites. There may be hyperlinks on the Sites to other websites or locations that are operated and controlled by third parties ("Third Party Websites"). These Third Party Websites may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technology to independently collect information about you. In addition, these Third Party Websites may solicit Personal Information from you. We make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of such Third Party Websites and encourage you to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies before providing them with your Personal Information.  Your California Privacy Rights (as provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83). When California customers provide personal information to a business, they have the right to request certain disclosures if that business shares personal information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Once per calendar year the customer may request that the business provide a list of companies with which it shares personal information for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and a list of the categories of personal information that the business shares. Instead of responding to such requests, however, a company may choose to comply with this law by establishing and publishing on its website a policy of not disclosing a customer's personal information to such third parties unless the customer affirmatively agrees to such disclosures, or a policy of not disclosing a customer's personal information to such third parties if the customer has exercised an option that prevents that information from being disclosed to third parties for those purposes. Thus, a company may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right.  As stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If Epson should decide to change this policy in the future, you will be provided an opportunity to opt in or out of any such sharing. EPSON may still share your information with third parties for many other purposes, such as product safety, customer service, and EPSON's own marketing. You cannot prevent sharing for these other purposes.  California customers may request information about our compliance with this law by using the Privacy Feedback form, which will send an email to the appropriate Privacy Coordinator. Any such inquiry must include "California Privacy Rights Request" in the first line of the description. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this Privacy Feedback form.  Consent to Transfer Information. Epson America, Inc. Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States and are accessing Epson America, Inc. Sites, please be aware that information we collect, including Personal Information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States and, as such, courts and other authorities in the United States may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your Personal Information. By using the Epson America, Inc. Sites or providing us with any information through the Epson America, Inc. Sites, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States.  Epson Canada, Limited Sites are operated in Canada. Please be aware that if you are accessing Epson Canada, Limited Sites the information we collect, including Personal Information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States, Canada, or Japan. We or one of our affiliates or an unaffiliated service provider may process and store your Personal Information outside of the province or jurisdiction in which you reside and/or outside of Canada and, as such, courts and other authorities in those other provinces or foreign jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your Personal Information. By using the Epson Canada, Limited Sites or providing us with any information through the Epson Canada, Limited Sites, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in and/or outside of Canada. For more information about our policies and practices related to the use of foreign service providers, please contact our Privacy Coordinator as described below.  Security. Epson retains your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws, and your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after termination of our relationship with you. Epson takes commercially reasonable steps to help protect and secure Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect, and you use our Sites and provide us with your information at your own risk.  Changes to this Policy. Epson may from time to time and without prior notice revise this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be effective immediately when the revised policy is posted on the Sites. We will not, however, use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated in the policy posted on the Sites at the time your Personal Information was collected unless we receive your consent.  Contacting Us. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, our practices, or your dealings with the Sites, wish to request access to or correction or update of your Personal Information, wish to withdraw your consent (subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice), or you have reason to believe Epson may have failed to adhere to this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by using the If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, our practices, or your dealings with the Sites, wish to request access to or correction or update of your Personal Information, wish to withdraw your consent (subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice), or you have reason to believe Epson may have failed to adhere to this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by using the Privacy Feedback Form , or you can write to:     Epson America, Inc.  Attn: Privacy Coordinator  3840 Kilroy Airport Way  Long Beach, CA 90806-2469   