
FBLA-PBL Website Privacy Policy
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to set forth the terms and conditions for the use of the website maintained by the Future Business Leaders of America-Phi Beta Lambda, Inc. (“FBLA-PBL Site”). By using the FBLA-PBL Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
You may contact us at the following address: Future Business Leaders of America-Phi Beta Lambda, Inc., 1912 Association Drive, Reston, VA 20191-1591. We may be reached by email at general@fbla.org, or by phone at 1.800.FBLA.WIN.
Information Collected
There are two types of information we can collect from the user of the FBLA-PBL Site. The first is “personally identifiable information,” which is information that the user voluntarily enterson the FBLA-PBL Site. It may consist of the user’s name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number and any other personal information that the user gives us. We will collect this information when the user gives us this information, such as when the user registers to access the FBLA-PBL Site, purchases products on-line, or completes an on-line survey. We will also collect the e-mail address of users who post messages to our bulletin board, those who communicate with us by e-mail, and those who make postings to our chat areas.
The other type of information that we may collect from you is “non-personally identifiable information.” This information consists of anonymous data that cannot be traced to the user without the cooperation of the user’s Internet Service Provider. The anonymous information that we may collect consists of the user’s computer operating system, web browser, IP address, browsing patterns, and the domain name of the Internet Service Provider. Such non-personally identifiable information is collected by passive means, from the HTTP headers that are sent from the user when requesting a file from the server. Also, some of the web pages on the FBLA-PBL Site may contain “cookies,” or other similar technologies, which allow FBLA-PBL to save their members password and settings. Permitted Use of the Information.
We may use personally identifiable information supplied by the user to provide the user with the information requested and for customer service. We may also use the personally identifiable information to communicate with the user, including e-mails and e-mail newsletters. In addition, FBLA-PBL may share the e-mail address and the mailing address of users with third parties who may contact the user to promote or market their own goods and services. We may make a list of users available to companies, advertisers, or other third parties that we are affiliated with, that sell goods and products that FBLA-PBL believes would be of interest to such users.
User Names and Passwords
Some areas of the FBLA-PBL Site may require the user to select a user name or password. Users will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any user name or password, and FBLA-PBL will not be responsible for misuse of any user names or passwords by the user or any third party.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
It is the intention of FBLA-PBL to strictly comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. The FBLA-PBL Site is not targeted for children under 13 years of age. We do not use the FBLA-PBL Site to knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age, and the personally identifiable information collected by FBLA-PBL is not intended for children under the age of 13 years old. Where the age or date of birth of a user is requested on any input form on the FBLA-PBL Site, no personally identifiable information will be stored or transmitted unless the response indicates that the user is 13 years of age or older.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
We will disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, a court order, subpoena, a request by a law enforcement agency, or as otherwise required by law. We may also disclose such information when we believe, within our sole discretion, it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding an illegal activity, potential fraud, threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the terms of this Privacy Policy, or to verify compliance with any applicable law.
Blogs and Social Networking
If any user of the FBLA-PBL Site elects to post any material to any blogs, community bulletin boards or social networking forums that may be identified, referred to or offered in the FBLA-PBL Site, the user shall be solely responsible for all content, messages, text, files, images, photographs, video, audio or other materials. We do not monitor any of the postings to any blogs, community bulletin boards or social networking sites that are identified, referred to or offered on the FBLA-PBL Site, are not responsible for the content of any postings to any blogs, community bulletin boards or social networking sites that are identified, referred to or offered on the FBLA-PBL Site and have no obligation to verify the accuracy of any such postings.
Links
The FBLA-PBL Site may contain links to other websites, including, but not limited to, those of advertisers, companies, or other third parties with whom we are affiliated with or advertise on the FBLA-PBL Site. FBLA is not responsible for the content of any of the information that appears on or is collected by these sites.
Opt Out
Users may opt-out of communications with FBLA-PBL, or affiliated parties, as set forth above under Permitted Use of Information, by sending an email to communications@fbla.org or by notifying us in writing by mailing a notice to us at Future Business Leaders of America-Phi Beta Lambda, Inc., ATTENTION: Web Administrator, 1912 Association Drive, Reston, VA 20191-1591.
Disputes
If there is any dispute about the FBLA-PBL Site or the terms of this Privacy Policy, the user agrees that the dispute shall be governed by the laws of the State of Virginia, without regard to conflict of law provisions and the user agrees to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Virginia.
Disclaimer
FBLA-PBL is not responsible for the conduct of any user of or visitor to the FBLA-PBL Site. We cannot guarantee that any information transmitted through the Internet, stored on the FBLA-PBL computer system or maintained by FBLA-PBL will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, including hackers. FBLA-PBL assumes no liability for any malfunction, delay in transmission or interruption of Internet service, or deletion, defect, error, omission, theft or alteration of any personally identifiable information.
Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL FBLA-PBL BE LIABLE TO THE USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM USE OF THE FBLA-PBL SITE OR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED BY FBLA-PBL RELATED THERETO.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
FBLA-PBL reserves the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy. Any changes to the terms of this Privacy Policy are effective upon posting to the FBLA-Site. Your use of this Web-site following any changes that are posted to the FBLA-PBL Site constitutes acceptance of such changes.
This policy was last updated on June 2011.

