
Thruway Authority Internet Privacy Policy
Introduction
Thank you for visiting a New York State Thruway Authority ("Authority")   website. This website is designed to make it easier and more efficient for   individuals and businesses to interact with the Authority. Consistent   with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom of   Information Law, and the Personal Privacy Protection Law, this policy describes   the Authority's privacy practices regarding information collected from users of   this website. This policy describes what information is collected and how that   information is used. Because this privacy policy only applies to this website,   you should examine the privacy policy of any website, including other State   agency and authority websites, that you access using this website.
For the purposes of this policy, "personal information" means any information   concerning a natural person, as opposed to a corporate entity, which, because of   name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that   natural person. The Authority only collects personal information about you when   you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail or by initiating   an online transaction, such as a survey, registration or order form.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit this Website
When you visit this website, the Authority automatically collects and stores   the following information about your visit:
(i) User client hostname. Your hostname or Internet Protocol Address. The   Internet Protocol Address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your   Internet service provider or directly to your computer.
(ii) HTTP header, user agent. The type of browser you are using, its version,   and the operating system on which that browser is running.
(iii) HTTP header, referrer. The web page from which you accessed this web   page.
(iv) System date. The date and time of your request.
(v) Full request. Your exact request.
(vi) Status. The status code the server returned to you.
(vii) Content Length. The content length, in bytes, of any document sent to   you.
(viii) Method. The request method used.
(ix) Universal Resource Identifier (URI). The location of a resource on the   server.
(x) Query string of the URI.  Anything after the question mark in a URI.
(xi) Protocol. The transport protocol and the version used.  None of the   foregoing information is deemed to constitute personal information.
The Authority uses the information that is collected automatically to improve   this website's content and to help the Authority understand how users are   interacting with the website. The Authority collects this information for   statistical analysis, to determine what information is of most and least   interest to our users, and to improve the utility of the material available on   the website. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes   and the Authority does not sell or otherwise disclose the information collected   from this website for commercial marketing purposes.
Cookies
Cookies are simple text files stored on your web browser to provide a means   of distinguishing among users of this website. The use of cookies is a standard   practice among Internet websites. To better serve you, the Authority may use   "session cookies" to enhance or customize your visit to this website. Session   cookies can be created automatically on the device you use to access this   website. These session cookies do not contain personal information and do not   compromise your privacy or security. The Authority may use the cookie feature to   store a randomly generated identifying tag on the device you use to access this   website. A session cookie is erased during operation of your browser or when   your browser is closed. At times you may be asked if you would like to   personalize this website by allowing the Authority to store a "persistent   cookie" on your computer’s hard drive. This persistent cookie will allow the   website to recognize you when you visit again and tailor the information   presented to you based on your needs and interests. The Authority uses   persistent cookies only with your permission.
The software and hardware you use to access this website allows you to refuse   new cookies or delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting these cookies may   limit your ability to take advantage of some features of this website.
Information Collected When You E-mail this Website or Initiate an Online   Transaction
During your visit to this website you may send an e-mail to the Authority. If   so, the Authority will collect your e-mail address and the contents of your   message. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may   include audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message.   The Authority may use your e-mail address and the information included in your   message to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this   website, or to forward your message to another State agency or authority for   appropriate action. The Authority does not collect your e-mail address for   commercial purposes and the Authority does not sell or otherwise disclose your   e-mail address for commercial purposes.During your visit to this website you may   initiate a transaction such as a survey, registration, or order form. The   Authority may use the information, including personal information, that you   volunteered by initiating the transaction to operate Authority programs,   including the provision of goods, services, and information. The Authority may   disclose such information for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained   from the nature and terms of the transaction in connection with which the   information was submitted.
The Authority does not knowingly collect personal information from children   or create profiles of children through this website. Users are cautioned,   however, that the Authority will treat personal information submitted in an   e-mail as though it was submitted by an adult, and such information may, unless   exempted from access by federal or State law, be subject to public access. The   Authority strongly encourages parents and teachers to be involved in children’s   Internet activities and to provide guidance whenever children are asked to   provide personal information online.
Information and Choice
As noted above, the Authority does not collect any personal information about   you during your visit to this website unless you provide that information   voluntarily by sending an e-mail or initiating an online transaction such as a   survey, registration or order form. You may choose not to send the Authority an   e-mail, respond to a survey, or complete a registration or order form. While   your choice not to participate in these activities may limit your ability to   receive specific services or products through this website, it will not prevent   you from requesting services or products from the Authority by other means and   will not normally have an impact on your ability to take advantage of other   features of the website, including browsing or downloading publicly available   information.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Website
The collection of information through this website and the disclosure of that   information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy   Act. The Authority will only collect personal information through this website   or disclose personal information collected through this website if the user has   consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The   user’s participation in an online transaction resulting in the disclosure of   personal information to the Authority, whether solicited or unsolicited,   constitutes consent to the Authority’s collection and disclosure of the   information for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to the   Authority, as was reasonably ascertainable from the nature and terms of the   transaction.However, the Authority may collect or disclose personal information   without user consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to   perform the statutory duties of the Authority, or necessary for the Authority to   operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute   or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose   of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of information to be used solely   for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any   particular person.Further, the disclosure of information, including personal   information, collected through this website is subject to the provisions of the   Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
The Authority may disclose personal information to federal or state law   enforcement authorities to enforce the Authority’s rights against unauthorized   access or attempted unauthorized access to the Authority’s information   technology assets or against other inappropriate uses of this website.
Retention of Information Collected Through this Website
In general, the Authority’s Internet services logs, comprised of electronic   files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of Authority services   provided through this website, will be retained for 1 year and then destroyed.   Information, including personal information, that you submit in an e-mail or   when you initiate an online transaction such as a survey, registration, or order   form, is retained in accordance with the records retention and disposition   schedule established for the records of the program unit to which you submitted   the information.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information Collected Through this   Website
Any user may submit a request to the Authority Privacy Compliance Officer to   determine whether personal information pertaining to that user has been   collected through this website. Any such request shall be made in writing to the   address below and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the   user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature,   inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar   appropriate identification. The address of the privacy compliance officer   is:
New York State Thruway Authority
          Privacy Compliance Officer
          Legal Department
          200   Southern Boulevard
          Albany, New York 12209
The Privacy Compliance Officer shall, within five (5) business days of the   date of the receipt of a proper request: (i) provide access to the personal   information; (ii) deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or   (iii) acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate   date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more   than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
In the event that the Authority has collected personal information pertaining   to a user through this website and that information is to be provided to the   user pursuant to the user’s request, the Privacy Compliance Officer shall inform   the user of his or her right to request that the personal information be amended   or corrected under the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public Officers   Law.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information Collected Through this   Website
The Authority is strongly committed to protecting personal information   collected through this website against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.   Consequently, the Authority limits employee access to personal information   collected through this website to only those employees who need access to the   information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have   access to this information are required to follow appropriate procedures in   connection with any disclosure of personal information.In addition, the   Authority has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its   information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication,   monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been   integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this   website as part of the Authority’s continuing commitment to the security of   electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
For website security purposes and to maintain the availability of the website   for all users, the Authority employs software to monitor traffic to identify   unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage this   website.
Privacy Policy Disclaimer
The information contained in this privacy policy should not be construed as   giving business, legal or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the   security of information provided through this website.
View Internet Disclaimer 

