
Thruway Authority Internet Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 12/15/17
Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of the New York State Thruway  Authority (the "Authority") related to the use, storage, and  disclosure of information we collect from, or about, you during the course of  providing information and services at this Authority website and through the  Authority mobile apps (collectively,   sometimes referred to hereinafter as the   "Online Resources"). 
 The Authority Online Resources are designed to make it  easier and more efficient for you to interact with the Authority and to learn  about Authority services and initiatives in New York State. 
 Because this Privacy  Policy only applies to this Authority website and to the Authority mobile apps,  you are encouraged to examine the privacy policy of any other websites or  mobile services, including other New York State agency websites or mobile apps  that may be reached by links or accessed through any of the Authority Online  Resources. 
 The Authority recognizes that visitors to this website and  to the Authority's mobile apps are concerned about their privacy.  The Authority is committed to preserving your  privacy when visiting and using these Online Resources, and the Authority will  take reasonable measures to protect your information and privacy.  By using the Authority Online Resources, or  otherwise providing the Authority with information, you acknowledge and consent  to the handling and use of your information as described in this Privacy  Policy.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit or Use the Authority Online Resources
In order to provide  visitors to our website and users of our mobile apps the best possible user  experience, the Authority strives to improve our content and services by  understanding how our visitors and users interact with these Online Resources  and by identifying system performance issues. To that end, the Authority automatically  collects and stores certain anonymous non-personal information for site  administration purposes and statistical analysis. Examples of such information  are:   the Internet Protocol or IP address and domain  name of your Internet service provider; the type of browser and operating  system used; the date/time stamps; the web pages or services that were  accessed; and referring pages. The Authority also monitors user traffic and  patterns for our Online Resources and automatically collects certain  non-personal information about a user's device, website visit, or usage of our  mobile app by employing standard industry technologies like cookies, log files,  web beacons, and unique identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or  device and enhance the user experience. This information is not collected by  the Authority for commercial marketing purposes, and the Authority will not  sell, rent, trade, or otherwise distribute this information for commercial  marketing purposes. 
For the purposes of this  Privacy Policy, none of the foregoing is deemed to constitute personal  information (defined in more detail below).
Cookies
The Authority may use  cookies, web beacons, or other technologies to track how you visit certain  pages on this Authority website and enhance or customize your visit. The use of  cookies or web beacons is standard practice among internet websites and  services. Cookies are simple text files or small amounts of data sent to your  browser from our web servers that are stored on your computer or device to  provide a means of distinguishing among users of this website. Cookies may  collect information such as your browser type or the server you are logged  into. Cookies used by the Authority are not designed to retrieve data from your  hard drive or device for any other purposes. They do not capture your email  address or other Personal Information, and they do not compromise your privacy  and security.
The software and hardware you use to access the Authority's  Online Resources may allow you to refuse new cookies or delete existing  cookies.  Refusing or deleting these  cookies may limit your ability to take advantage of some features of the Online  Resources and they may be essential for site administration.
Information Collected When You E-mail these Online Resources, Complete a Form, or Initiate an Online or Mobile Transaction
If you use any of the Authorities Online Resources to send  an email to the Authority, report an issue through our mobile app, submit an  inquiry, or initiate any transaction such as a survey, registration, or order  form, any information you voluntarily submit as part of any email, reporting,  or transaction is collected by the Authority. Such information includes but is  not limited to, your email address and the contents of your message, or your  contact or profile information should you choose to provide it. The information  collected is not limited to text characters and may include any audio, video, images,  and graphic information formats included in the message or submission that you  send us. Certain services or features of our mobile app may allow you to submit  photos or video through your mobile device to the Authority, such as through  the report an issue feature; but access to your mobile device's camera or photo  library for this limited purpose must first be granted by you through the  permissions or privacy settings of your mobile device. Any data from the camera  will only be collected by the Authority if, and when, you choose to share it.  
 The Authority will use information like this that you  voluntarily submit to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to further  improve these Online Resources, or to forward your message to another State/Federal  agency or entity for appropriate action.
 The Authority does not collect your email address or contact  information for commercial marketing purposes, and the Authority does not sell  or distribute your email address or contact information for commercial marketing  purposes. The Authority does not knowingly solicit or collect information from  children under the age of 13 years old or create profiles of children under the  age of 13 years old through any of these Online Resources. Users are cautioned,  however, that the Authority will treat information submitted in an email, or  otherwise through our Online Resources, as though it was submitted by an adult,  and such information may, unless exempted from access by federal or State law,  be subject to public access. The Authority strongly encourages parents and  teachers to be involved in children's online activities and mobile app usage,  and to provide guidance whenever children are asked to provide personal  information online or through any mobile app.
Universally Unique  Identifier (UUID)
A UUID (Universally Unique Identifier) is a unique number  used by our mobile app to collect usage data to better enhance the user  experience and application performance, but this number is not personally  identifiable and is randomly generated each time the mobile app is started.
Location Information
            If you consent to the use of your geographic location to  operate location-enabled features of the Authority's Online Resources, by  initially opting in or by changing your permissions or privacy settings, the  Authority may collect and process geolocation information about your mobile  device or computer by using GPS signals and other various technologies to  determine your location, including using network-based sensor data from your  device about the proximity of cell towers and Wi-Fi access points. Certain  limited features of our Online Resources cannot be provided without utilizing  this technology, and the Authority will only collect and process such  information with your consent and only for the purpose of providing these relevant  features. You may also always opt-out or withdraw your permission, if  previously granted, for the Authority to collect your geolocation information  by changing your permissions or privacy settings on your mobile device.        
Personal Information and Choice
            For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal  Information" is defined as any information connected or related to an  individual which can be used to specifically identify that particular  individual due to the information containing a certain name, number, mark,  symbol, or other identifier (e.g., a person's maiden name, phone number,  physical address, social security number, or personal email address).  The type of Personal Information the Authority  might collect about you generally depends on your particular interaction with  us and/or your use of our Online Resources.   The Authority only collects Personal Information about you when you  provide that information voluntarily by sending an email or by initiating an  online transaction, such as a survey, registration, or order form; or by  voluntarily supplying that information or consenting to its collection via the  Authority mobile app, such as through our report-an-issue feature. You may  always make the decision not to voluntarily provide certain information to the  Authority, including Personal Information, by choosing not to include such  information in an email, not to respond to a survey, or not to complete a  registration or order form. 
 While your choice not to participate in these activities may  limit your ability to receive specific services or products through the  Authority Online Resources, it will not prevent you from requesting services or  products from the Authority by other means and will not normally have an impact  on your ability to take advantage of other features of our Online Resources,  including browsing or downloading publicly available information, or the  ability to report certain issues anonymously.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through the Authority  Online Resources
            The collection of information through this website and the  disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet  Security and Privacy Act. The Authority does not collect or disclose Personal Information  of the users of our Online Resources unless you have consented to the  collection or disclosure by knowingly providing this Personal Information in  connection with your use of the Authority's Online Resources, and for purposes  that are reasonably obvious or ascertainable to you. However, notwithstanding  the foregoing, the Authority may collect or disclose Personal Information  without your consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to  perform the statutory duties of the Authority, necessary for the Authority to  operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute  or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or required by law; (3) required  for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4) involving  information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that  cannot be used to identify any particular person. Further, the disclosure of  information, including Personal Information, collected through the Authority's  Online Resources is subject to the provisions of the New York State Freedom of  Information Law and the New York State Personal Privacy Protection Law.
 The Authority may also disclose Personal Information to  federal, State, or local law enforcement authorities to enforce the Authority's  rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to the  Authority's information technology assets or against other inappropriate uses  of this website or other State or Authority property.
Retention of Information Collected Through the Authority  Online Resources
            In general, the Authority's Internet services logs,  comprised of electronic files or automated logs created to monitor access and  use of Authority services provided through this website, will be retained for one  (1) year and then destroyed. Information, including Personal Information, otherwise  collected through the Online Resources will be retained by the Authority in  accordance with the Authority's Records Retention and Disposition Schedule and  in accordance with any applicable requirements under New York or Federal  law.  For further information about the  Authority's Records Retention and Disposition Schedules, please contact the  Authority Privacy Compliance Officer listed below.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information  Collected Through Authority Online Resources
            Any user may submit a request to the Authority Privacy  Compliance Officer to determine whether Personal Information pertaining to that  user has been collected and retained through the Authority Online Resources.  Any such request shall be made in writing to the address below and must be  accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of  identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier  generally known only to the user, or other appropriate identification. The  address of the privacy compliance officer is:
New York State Thruway Authority
            Privacy Compliance Officer
            Legal Department
            200 Southern Boulevard
	Albany, New York 12209
The Privacy Compliance Officer shall, within five (5) business  days of the date of the receipt of a proper request: (i) provide access to the Personal  Information; (ii) deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or  (iii) acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the  approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall  not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
 In the event that the Authority has collected and retained Personal  Information pertaining to a user through the Online Resources and that  information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the user's request, the  Privacy Compliance Officer shall inform the user of his or her right to request  that the Personal Information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth  in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information  Collected Through the Authority Online Resources
            The Authority is strongly committed to protecting Personal Information  that has been collected and retained through our Online Resources against  unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Consequently, the Authority limits  employee access to Personal Information collected through our Online Resources  to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance  of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information are  required to follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosure of Personal  Information. In addition, the Authority has implemented procedures to safeguard  the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited  to, authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security  procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day  operations of our Online Resources as part of the Authority's continuing  commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic  transmission of information.
 For security purposes and to maintain the availability of  the Online Resources for all users, the Authority employs software to monitor  traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or  otherwise damage these Online Resources.
Privacy Policy Disclaimer
The information contained in this Privacy Policy should not  be construed as giving business, legal or other advice, or warranting as fail  proof, the security of information provided through this website. This Privacy  Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations as  if it were a contract, but rather serves as guidelines and notice for how we  will protect your information and privacy.
 View  Internet Disclaimer
Amendments to this  Privacy Policy
The Authority may revise or update this Privacy Policy and  our practices from time to time. If the Authority makes any changes to this  Privacy Policy or our practices, we will change the "Effective Date" found at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. You  are free to decide whether or not to accept a revised version of this Privacy  Policy, but accepting this Privacy Policy, as modified, is required for you to  continue using our Online Resources. If you do not wish to be subject to the  terms of this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, or to any revised  version of this Privacy Policy, your sole recourse is to cease your use of the  Authority's Online Resources.
Contact Information
 For questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact:
 Media  Relations
            518-471-5300
            518-426-3995
 

