

What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site.
The organization collecting the information. 
How the information is used. 
With whom the information may be shared. 
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information. 
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under PhysLink.com’s control 
How you can access and correct any inaccuracies in the information collected about you. 

Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the PhysLink.com site coordinator by 
PhysLink.com
5318 E. 2nd St. #530
Long Beach, CA 90803
PhysLink.com’s Privacy Statement

PhysLink.com is the sole owner of the information it gathers on its site.  PhysLink.com will not share any of your information with any outside party without your explicit consent unless we are required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, or comply with a legal process served on our Web site. 

What Information is Collected and How it is Used?
Join / Subscribe to our Email Newsletters, Teachers Club, etc.
We collect contact information such as name, age, education level, gender, mailing address, email address, and phone number.  We also collect company information such as company name and Web site URL. We use this information for the purpose of generating an invoice for you to print and submit with the rest of your application materials. 

Submitting an Ask the Experts Question and/or Answer
We collect contact information such as name, age, education level, affiliation, gender, mailing address, email address, and phone number.  Only your name, education level and affiliation are published along with your question / answer.

Logged Files and Cookies

The PhysLink.com Web site logs IP addresses and browser types for systems administration purposes and these logs will be analyzed to constantly improve the value of the materials available on the website. We do not disclose any individual information with anybody. Only group (average) statistics and demographics are published on our web site.

This Web site does use cookies. 

Links

The PhysLink.com Web site contains links to other Web sites. We encourage you to visit these Web sites to learn more about online privacy. Please note that these Web sites' privacy policies may differ from those of PhysLink.com.  We encourage you to read the privacy statement of any Web site you may visit.

PhysLink.com Uses Opt-in

When there is a choice of using information for purposes other than what the information was originally collected for, PhysLink.com will present the user with an opt-in box.  If a user checks the box, she/he is giving her explicit consent to use or share her information solely for the purpose indicated.  

Unsubscribe

To unsubscribe from any of PhysLink.com's publications follow the instructions that appear at the bottom of each of our email publications.

Security

Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority at PhysLink.com.  We have taken careful measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information. Once we receive your information that was entered into our web site, it is stored behind a firewall. All PhysLink.com employees are aware of our privacy and security policies. Your information is only accessible to those employees who need it in order to perform their jobs.  
Notification of Changes
If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. 

This privacy statement was last updated on 8/17/2001. PhysLink.com has created this privacy statement in order to disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site, www.PhysLink.com. Upon reading this privacy statement, you will know:Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the PhysLink.com site coordinator by contacting us via email or writing to us at the following address:PhysLink.com5318 E. 2nd St. #530Long Beach, CA 90803PhysLink.com is the sole owner of the information it gathers on its site. PhysLink.com will not share any of your information with any outside party without your explicit consent unless we are required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, or comply with a legal process served on our Web site.We collect contact information such as name, age, education level, gender, mailing address, email address, and phone number. We also collect company information such as company name and Web site URL. We use this information for the purpose of generating an invoice for you to print and submit with the rest of your application materials.We collect contact information such as name, age, education level, affiliation, gender, mailing address, email address, and phone number. Only your name, education level and affiliation are published along with your question / answer.The PhysLink.com Web site logs IP addresses and browser types for systems administration purposes and these logs will be analyzed to constantly improve the value of the materials available on the website. We do not disclose any individual information with anybody. Only group (average) statistics and demographics are published on our web site. This Web site does use cookies.The PhysLink.com Web site contains links to other Web sites. We encourage you to visit these Web sites to learn more about online privacy. Please note that these Web sites' privacy policies may differ from those of PhysLink.com. We encourage you to read the privacy statement of any Web site you may visit.When there is a choice of using information for purposes other than what the information was originally collected for, PhysLink.com will present the user with an opt-in box. If a user checks the box, she/he is giving her explicit consent to use or share her information solely for the purpose indicated.To unsubscribe from any of PhysLink.com's publications follow the instructions that appear at the bottom of each of our email publications.Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority at PhysLink.com. We have taken careful measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information. Once we receive your information that was entered into our web site, it is stored behind a firewall. All PhysLink.com employees are aware of our privacy and security policies. Your information is only accessible to those employees who need it in order to perform their jobs.If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change.