

This website uses cookies. It’s a standard WordPress website, so in layman’s terms, any cookies collected are by WordPress. Payments for resources are made through PayPal, and so any cookies required by PayPal are also obtained, with your consent. The legalese is below.
About cookies

A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
How this website uses data collected from you (cookies)

authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website
security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally
analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services
cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally
Consent
By consenting to this privacy policy, you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified. Consent is required for Obsidian Dawn to process both types of personal data, but it must be explicitly given. Where we are asking for sensitive personal data, we will always tell you why and how the information will be used.
Disclosure
Obsidian Dawn will not pass on your personal data to third parties without your consent. The following third parties will receive your personal data for the following purposes as part of the processing activities:
WordPress – for the purposes of general identification, analysis and security
PayPal – for the purposes of payment




