
We’re strengthening digital security to protect you.
You are using an Internet browser with an outdated version of Transport Layer Security (TLS). In order to view and use our website, you must enable TLS 1.1 in your current browser, and/or update to a newer browser version that offers TLS 1.1 or higher.
We apologize for any inconvenience, but this is essential part of keeping our customers’ information secure and private.
How to upgrade your browser to Transport Layer Security 1.1

Choose a browser that TLS 1.1 or higher.

Internet Explorer 8, 9, 10, 11 Download latest version of IE
Google Chrome 41 and higher Download latest version of Chrome
Mozilla Firefox 36 and higher Download latest version of Firefox
Opera 27 and higher Download latest version of Opera
Safari 7 and higher Download latest version of Safari


Make sure your operating system supports the browser.

Windows XP and Windows Vista can only upgrade Internet Explorer up to version 8. IE 8 does offer TLS 1.1, but our sites use other advanced technology not supported by IE8. We suggest users of these operating systems choose Chrome or Firefox. 
Android users with a browser version earlier than 5 will need to download Chrome instead of the native browser.


Enable TLS 1.1 and/or TLS 1.2
Internet Explorer

Open the browser.
Select Internet Options from the Tools menu.
Choose the Advanced tab and scroll to the Security section.
Check Use TLS 1.1 or Use TLS 1.2.
Press OK.

Google Chrome

Open the browser.
Select Settings from the menu. 
Scroll down and select "Show advanced settings." 
Scroll down to the Network section and click on "Change proxy settings."
Choose the Advanced tab and scroll to the Security section. 
Check Use TLS 1.1 or Use TLS 1.2.
Press OK.

Mozilla Firefox

Open the browser
Type “about:config” in the address bar and press Enter. 
Scroll to “security.tls.version.max” and select it.
Press enter to open a popup for the integer value. Type “3” and press OK. 

Opera

Open the browser.
Click Ctrl+F12, then select Security.
Choose Security Protocols. 
Check Enable TLS 1.1 & TLS 1.2. 
Press OK.



