1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We and our service providers may collect information when you provide information to us and when information is collected automatically from your interaction with the Services.
Personal Information
You may choose to give us personally identifiable information online to allow us to communicate with you, process your orders, or provide you with Services. Our online forms ask for a small amount of relevant information, such as name, company name, email address, postal address, and telephone number. Some forms may ask for a product serial number. If you make a purchase or order a repair, we may ask for your credit card number and billing information. Individuals who apply for jobs offered by Canon U.S.A. or a Canon U.S.A. affiliate may be requested to provide information that includes, but is not limited to, educational background, employment experience, and job interest.
The types of personal information Canon U.S.A. may collect from you include:


Personal and business contact information, such as name, postal address, phone number, and email address;


Your friends’ contact information, including email or shipping address, which you may provide to us when you email a link to a product description or your wish list, or when you share our newsletter or deliver our products to a friend;


Financial information, such as your credit/debit card number or other billing information;


Other unique information such as user IDs and passwords, product functionality, product and service preferences, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data;


Geolocation data such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, physical location, and other similar location information collected when you request location based services;


Details of the products and services you have purchased from us or which you have inquired about, together with any additional information necessary to deliver those products and services and to respond to your inquiries;


Any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our websites or applications or indirectly through use of our websites, applications or online presence, through our representatives or otherwise; and


Information you provide to us through our service center, customer surveys or visits by our representatives from time to time.


Usage Information
In addition to the information you may provide, Canon U.S.A. may collect information when you access or use the Services or a website “powered by” another company on behalf of Canon U.S.A. through our use of data collection technologies, including web beacons, Cookies (as defined in the following paragraph), and embedded web links. These technologies collect certain traffic information that your browser sends to a website, such as your browser type and language, browser history, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived. They may also collect information about your IP address, unique device identifier, geolocation information, clickstream behavior (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with Canon U.S.A. websites or “powered by” websites) and product information. Canon U.S.A. may also use some of these technologies in connection with emails and communications sent from Canon U.S.A. and therefore may collect information using these tools when you open the email or click on a link contained in the email.
Below is some additional detail on how we use Cookies and other technologies:
Cookies. Cookies are data files placed on a device when you use it to visit any of the Services (“Cookies”). We may use Cookies: (i) to collect and store certain information about you, (ii) for security purposes, (iii) to store your preferences and settings, (iv) to enable your sign-in, (v) to provide personalized product suggestions, (vi) to maintain and improve our website, (vii) to generate analytics regarding the performance of the Services, (viii) to facilitate site navigation, and (ix) to personalize your experience while using the Services. Cookies can remain in your computer for the duration of a browsing session or for a predetermined period of time. Cookies that remain in your computer for the duration of a browsing session are called "session" cookies. Cookies that remain in your computer for a predetermined period of time are called "persistent" cookies. We may use persistent cookies to show you recently-viewed products, provide you with product or service recommendations, or otherwise provide you with a customized experience.
If you would prefer not to accept Cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a Cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing Cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject any Cookies.
Please be aware that if you disable or reject Cookies, some features and services offered or present on the Services may be slower or may not work or display properly.
Other Technologies. We may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons (also called clear GIFs or pixel tags) and other similar technologies, to track your use of our Services. We also may include web beacons in email messages, newsletters and advertisements to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the Services we offer and measure the overall effectiveness of our online content and the products and services we offer through the Services.
Analytics Services. We use web analytics tools such as Google Analytics to assist us in understanding how people use the Services and related marketing and promotions. To manage your preferences with respect to Google Analytics click here. You can opt out of data collection or use by Google Analytics by clicking the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout (requires you to install a browser add-on).
Collection by Third-Parties. We may allow third-parties, including our authorized service providers, advertising agencies and marketing partners to use tracking technologies, such as Cookies and web beacons, to collect non-personal information about your visits to this and other websites on the Services. This information generally enables them to track and gauge the effectiveness of our Services and of various marketing campaigns and to serve ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you when you visit other websites across the Internet.
Use of Public Information. Canon U.S.A. also collects information from publicly or commercially available sources that it deems credible. Such information may include your name, address, email address, preferences, company name, title, specific devices that are financed or leased (Uniform Commercial Code), interests, and firmographic or demographic/profile data. The information Canon U.S.A. collects from its public or commercial sources may be used along with the information Canon U.S.A. collects when you access or use the Services. For example, Canon U.S.A. may compare the geographic information acquired from publicly available sources with the IP address collected by the technologies discussed above to derive your general geographic area.


