
Privacy Statement for Puzz.com, AllIQTests.com, aMillionQuizzes.com, ThoughtForThisDay.com, RockinSurveys.com, IQSocieties.com, AfreeB.com, OnlineGamingZone.com, and FreeDungeons.com


Below is the privacy statement for the St. Louis, Missouri based e-company Puzz.com, LLC, which operates the web sites Puzz.com, AllIQTests.com, aMillionQuizzes.com, ThoughtForThisDay.com, RockinSurveys.com, IQSocieties.com, AfreeB.com, OnlineGamingZone.com and FreeDungeons.com, and the promotional email newsletters Surveys & Quizzes, Surveys & Tests and All IQ Tests. We do not sell, share or transfer our email subscriber lists or any other collected personal information (including but not limited to names, postal addresses, email addresses and phone numbers) to or with third parties. We do not subscribe people to our e-mail newsletters unless they request that this is done. Both of these latter two statements were true when we first went into business in 1998, and have always remained true. We have always been committed
                 to safeguarding your privacy.
                 The following policy explains how we gather and use personal information in
                 detail. This policy may change from time to time and Puzz.com, LLC reserves the right to change or modify this policy at any
                 time with or without notice. If you have any questions about this policy, please
                 feel free to contact us. 

                                             * * *

                 Registration:
                 Puzz.com, LLC's newsletter subscription forms require individuals to provide basic
                 contact information. We use or may use your contact information (such as your email
                 address) from the registration form to send you newsletters and occasional
                 information about our company, or to investigate in cases of suspected fraud or
                 abuse. You may opt-out of receiving further communications; see the Opting Out
                 of Further Communications section below. 

     
                 To better serve you, we may also store the information you present to us via
                 email, postal mail, fax or telephone. This information is or may be used in the same manner as
                 information directly collected using Puzz.com, LLC's forms. We
                 may also use information you provide us via email, postal mail, fax or telephone to pursue the
                 matter for which you contacted us. 

                 We use some 3rd party subscription services to generate subscribers for our newsletters. While these companies use a number of filtering and anti-fraud devices, it is possible that someone could submit your e-mail address to us fraudulently. If this occurs, please follow the instructions below under "Opting-Out of Further Communications" and also please  



         

                 Advertisers:
                 Puzz.com, LLC uses outside ad companies to display ads on its sites and in its newsletters.
                 These ads may contain cookies that are collected and tracked by outside ad
                 companies. These sites have privacy policies which may be different from ours. You should read the privacy policies on such sites before subscribing to their services.

                                             * * *


                 Links to Other Sites:
                 Puzz.com, LLC's sites and newsletters link to external sites. We are not responsible for the
                 privacy practices or the content of such web sites, or for fulfillment of orders through promotions run on those sites. HOWEVER, if you find an instance where something inappropriate appears on one of these sites, please 

                                             * * *

                 IP Addresses and Cookies:
                 Puzz.com, LLC uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our
                 server, and to administer our web site. Your IP address is also used to gather
                 broad demographic information and to prevent, investigate and take actions in
                 the case of potential or suspected fraud or abuse. 

                                             * * *

                 Security, Fraud, and Abuse:
                 Puzz.com, LLC has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and
                 alteration of the information under control. Puzz.com, LLC regularly
                 reviews these measures to better protect you. Occasionally, information may be
                 provided to Puzz.com, LLC fraudulently or by an individual unauthorized to
                 provide such information. When Puzz.com, LLC is notified of
                 suspected fraud or abuse, we take steps to resolve the problem immediately. In some instances, it may be necessary for us to share personal information about the individuals and/or companies involved in the fraud or abuse with other parties.  

                                             * * *

                 Opting-Out of Further Communications:
                 Puzz.com, LLC e-mail subscribers can opt-out of receiving further communications
                 from Puzz.com, LLC. Our web site gives you the following options for
                 removing your information from our databases and our mailing lists: 

                 Puzz.com, LLC newsletter subscribers can respond to such e-mails with "unsubscribe" in the subject header of the e-mail sent, or click the unsubscribe or settings URLs given at the bottom of each newsletter, and follow the instructions there.  

                                             * * *

Puzz.com, LLC attempts to comply with all legislative and judicial orders.
                 These orders will take precedence over the details stated in the policy above. 

                 If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your dealings with
                 Puzz.com, LLC, you may contact us:
            
By E-mail: Bill At Puzz Dot Com

Or by Postal Mail:


Puzz.com, LLC
P.O. Box 14321
Springfield, Missouri 65814
USA
Puzz.com Main PageRegistration:Puzz.com, LLC's newsletter subscription forms require individuals to provide basic contact information. We use or may use your contact information (such as your email address) from the registration form to send you newsletters and occasional information about our company, or to investigate in cases of suspected fraud or abuse. You may opt-out of receiving further communications; see the Opting Out of Further Communications section below.To better serve you, we may also store the information you present to us via email, postal mail, fax or telephone. This information is or may be used in the same manner as information directly collected using Puzz.com, LLC's forms. We may also use information you provide us via email, postal mail, fax or telephone to pursue the matter for which you contacted us.We use some 3rd party subscription services to generate subscribers for our newsletters. While these companies use a number of filtering and anti-fraud devices, it is possible that someone could submit your e-mail address to us fraudulently. If this occurs, please follow the instructions below under "Opting-Out of Further Communications" and also please contact us ; we can add you to a special "blacklist" that will prevent your address from ever again appearing on any of our lists. If we see a recurrent problem, additional steps will be taken (see below under "Security, Fraud, and Abuse").Advertisers:Puzz.com, LLC uses outside ad companies to display ads on its sites and in its newsletters. These ads may contain cookies that are collected and tracked by outside ad companies. These sites have privacy policies which may be different from ours. You should read the privacy policies on such sites before subscribing to their services.Links to Other Sites:Puzz.com, LLC's sites and newsletters link to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, or for fulfillment of orders through promotions run on those sites. HOWEVER, if you find an instance where something inappropriate appears on one of these sites, please contact us and report the problem. We will remove the link if we also find it to be inappropriate.IP Addresses and Cookies:Puzz.com, LLC uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information and to prevent, investigate and take actions in the case of potential or suspected fraud or abuse.Security, Fraud, and Abuse:Puzz.com, LLC has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under control. Puzz.com, LLC regularly reviews these measures to better protect you. Occasionally, information may be provided to Puzz.com, LLC fraudulently or by an individual unauthorized to provide such information. When Puzz.com, LLC is notified of suspected fraud or abuse, we take steps to resolve the problem immediately. In some instances, it may be necessary for us to share personal information about the individuals and/or companies involved in the fraud or abuse with other parties.Opting-Out of Further Communications:Puzz.com, LLC e-mail subscribers can opt-out of receiving further communications from Puzz.com, LLC. Our web site gives you the following options for removing your information from our databases and our mailing lists:Puzz.com, LLC newsletter subscribers can respond to such e-mails with "unsubscribe" in the subject header of the e-mail sent, or click the unsubscribe or settings URLs given at the bottom of each newsletter, and follow the instructions there.Puzz.com, LLC attempts to comply with all legislative and judicial orders. These orders will take precedence over the details stated in the policy above.If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your dealings with Puzz.com, LLC, you may contact us:By E-mail: Bill At Puzz Dot ComOr by Postal Mail: