

Privacy policy

When you visit this or any other web site, the public Internet Protocol (IP) address of the 
			computer, router or proxy through which you visit the site is used 
			to send web pages back to you. The IP address is also automatically 
			recorded in our server logs for statistical purposes such as 
			measuring how often that address visits the site and how many web 
			pages are sent to that address. Behind a home or corporate router or 
			a coffee shop with a public IP address, there may be multiple users 
			with private addresses that we do not see.
When you sign up to receive our free e-mail newsletter, we 
			record your e-mail address, otherwise we would not know where to 
			send it. We do not ask for or record your name or any other 
			demographic data. We also assign you a PIN number to use in any 
			opinion poll to discourage multiple voting, but again, we do not ask 
			for or record your name if you participate in polls. We do not share 
			your e-mail address with third parties.
This server is based in Chicago, USA. We manage it from wherever 
			we are in the world, and you view it from wherever you are in the 
			world.
We do not place cookies in your browser, but third parties whose 
			content appears on our site may do so.
For example, if we ever decide to display Google advertising, then Google uses 
			a "DoubleClick 
			cookie" to enable it and its partners to serve ads based on your 
			visits to this and/or other sites. That's why advertisements seem to 
			follow you around the web. You can opt out of the use of the 
			DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting 
			Google's
			Ads 
			Settings or for third parties in general by visiting
			
			AboutAds.info, but then you may see less relevant advertising 
			instead. Alternatively you could visit sites using the incognito or 
			"private 
			browsing" mode of your web browser to prevent cookie collection. 
			Failing that, by continuing to use this web site you are deemed to 
			consent to the use of such cookies.
			For more 
			on Google's policies, click here.
Webb-site.com is free and not-for-profit, but we are 
			experimenting with advertising as one of several possible means of 
			supporting the future sustainability of the site if and when the 
			founder ceases his financial support for it. We hope you don't find 
			that off-putting but as always, feedback is 
			welcome.







Sign up for our free 
newsletter
Recommend Webb-site.com 
to a friend

Important notice: All material on this site, except where otherwise 
accredited, is copyright to Webb-site.com. Media and researchers 
are welcome to quote from articles on this site, provided that such quotation is 
attributed to Webb-site.com. The information in this site should not 
be relied upon by any person in making any investment decision. No 
responsibility or liability is accepted by Webb-site.com or any person related 
to it for any loss arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
contents of this site. Persons who are in any doubt about an investment or 
potential investment should take professional investment advice. From time to 
time parties associated with Webb-site.com may own long or short positions in 
securities issued by or related to companies or governments on which we comment.
Back to top

