
Privacy policy

When you visit this or any other web site, the public Internet Protocol (IP) address of the 
			computer, router or proxy through which you visit the site is used 
			to send web pages back to you. The IP address is also automatically 
			recorded in our server logs for statistical purposes such as 
			measuring how often that IP address visits the site and how many web 
			pages are sent to that IP address. Behind a home or corporate router or 
			a coffee shop with a public IP address, there may be multiple users 
			with private addresses that we do not see.
When you open a free Webb-site 
			account in order to receive our e-mail newsletter or participate 
			in Webb-site Governance and Trust Ratings or vote in our opinion 
			polls, we 
			record your e-mail address so that we can send you an activation 
			link, otherwise we would not know where to 
			send it. We do not ask for or record your name or any other 
			demographic data. We do not share 
			your e-mail address with third parties.
When you log in to your Webb-site account, you can choose to 
			stay signed-in for up to 1 month on that browser. To do that, we 
			have to place an authentication token in a "cookie" in your browser. 
			The token does not itself contain identifiable information, it is 
			just a random 128-bit number converted into a string. We store a 
			one-way cryptographic hash of the token, so that we can recognise 
			your browser and open a session when you visit the site. When you 
			log out, all your tokens in all your browsers are voided. Cookies 
			are only exchanged over secure (HTTPS using TLS) links.
This server is based in Chicago, USA. We manage it from wherever 
			we are in the world, and you view it from wherever you are in the 
			world.
Any third parties whose content appears on our site may also 
			place cookies in your browser.
For example, if we ever decide to display Google advertising, then Google uses 
			a "DoubleClick 
			cookie" to enable it and its partners to serve ads based on your 
			visits to this and/or other sites. That's why advertisements seem to 
			follow you around the web. You can opt out of the use of the 
			DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting 
			Google's
			Ads 
			Settings or for third parties in general by visiting
			
			AboutAds.info, but then you may see less relevant advertising 
			instead. Alternatively you could visit sites using the incognito or 
			"private 
			browsing" mode of your web browser to prevent cookie collection. 
			Failing that, by continuing to use this web site you are deemed to 
			consent to the use of such cookies.
			For more 
			on Google's policies, click here.
Webb-site.com is free and not-for-profit, but we are 
			experimenting with advertising as one of several possible means of 
			supporting the future sustainability of the site if and when the 
			founder ceases his financial support for it. We hope you don't find 
			that off-putting but as always, feedback is 
			welcome.



Sign up for our free newsletter
Recommend Webb-site to a friend
Copyright & disclaimer, Privacy policy
Back to top


