References in this Privacy Policy to "The Company" is to Classter. At Classter, we are committed to maintaining user’s privacy. Our privacy policy statement is given below. If we make changes to this policy, we will notify the user by updating this statement on our Website (www.classter.com). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services powered by Vertitech.What information do we collect?We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. We may ask for users’ name, gender, job title, telephone number, email address, demographic information such as post code, preferences and interest. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We may obtain personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. The information could be about the usage of our Website to help us develop and improve it further through online surveys and other requests.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.How is children's personal information treated?If user is not of legal age to form a binding contract (in many jurisdictions, this age is 18), may only use the Services and disclose information to us with his/her parent’s or guardian’s express consent. User should review this Privacy Policy with the parent or guardian and make sure he/she understands it, and do the same with the privacy policies of all websites he/she visits or mobile applications he/she uses.We only collect personal information through the Services from a child under 13 where that student’s school, and/or teacher, and/or parent has agreed to obtain parental consent for that child to use the Services and disclose personal information to us, for the use and benefit of the learning environment. If user is a student that the school or teacher have generated an account for, please do not send any personal information about yourself to us if your school, and/or teacher has not obtained this prior consent from your parent or guardian, and please do not send any personal information other than what we request from you in connection with the Services. If we learn we have collected personal information from a student without parental consent being obtained by his or her school, district, and/or teacher, or if we learn a student has provided us personal information beyond what we request from him or her, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a student may have provided us personal information in violation of this paragraph, please contact us at info@classter.com.If user is a student registrant and his/her parent or guardian has signed up for the Services with an Access Code provided by the teacher or the school, should understand that the parent or guardian can view all information within or associated with user’s Services account, including, without limitation, messages between user and the teacher and grades user received on assignments.What the data will be used for?Users’ data will enable us, and our processors, to notify users about important functionality changes, for our services to them, to personalize user exprience and for statistical or survey purposes to improve this website. We may also send from time to time (by email or post) information about products and services and details of promotions. If at any time the user does not wish to be contacted for these purposes, we offer a range of ways in which he/she can inform us about the marketing preferences:All email messages and email newsletters will contain information on how user can unsubscribe; orWrite to us at: info@classter.comIn assessing user’s request for goods or services, we may use his/her information for the purposes of the prevention and detection of fraud. This document sets out the obligations of Classter with regard to data protection and the rights of people under the Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Act"). We comply with the standards, procedures and requirements laid down in the Act to ensure that the personal information user gives us is kept secure and processed fairly and lawfully.Data protection proceduresThe Company shall ensure that all of its employees, contractors, agents, consultants, partners or other parties working on behalf of the Company comply with the following when processing and / or transmitting personal data:All emails containing personal data must be encrypted;Personal data may be transmitted over secure networks only – transmission over unsecured networks, is not permitted in any circumstances;Personal data may not be transmitted over a wireless network if there is a wired alternative that is reasonably practicable;Personal data contained in the body of an email, whether sent or received, should be copied from the body of that email and stored securely. The email itself should be deleted. All temporary files associated therewith should also be deleted;Where Personal data is to be sent by facsimile transmission the recipient should be informed in advance of the transmission and should be waiting by the fax
machine to receive the data;Where Personal data is to be transferred in hardcopy form it should be passed directly to the recipient. Using an intermediary is not permitted;All hardcopies of personal data should be stored securely in a locked box, drawer, cabinet or similar;All electronic copies of personal data should be stored securely using passwords and suitable data encryption, where possible on a drive or server which cannot
be accessed via the internet; andAll passwords used to protect personal data should be changed regularly and should not use words or phrases which can be easily guessed or otherwise
compromised.What information do we shares with others?We may contract with other companies to provide certain services, including name verification, email distribution, market research and promotions management. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that users’ privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Classter. We will not pass users’ information on to any other company or other third parties for marketing purposes unless users’ have agreed for us to do so.One of the purposes for which we may disclose users’ address and zip code details is to check against the IMRG Security Alert or any other Fraud Prevention Scheme. We may also disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required by law to do so. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.CookiesA Cookie is a small data file that is stored by the Web browser on user’s computer. We use Cookies to keep track of user’s current session, to enable him/her to proceed to any page and fulfill forms at any time and to personalize user’s online experience.Links to third-party sitesIn an attempt to provide user with increased value, we may from time to time include third party links on our Website. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We encourage user to review those policies when you visit those sites. This Privacy Policy Statement only covers our Website and does not cover any other website. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.Changes to this privacy policyClasster has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Users acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Access by data subjectA data subject may make a subject access request (“SAR”) at any time to see the information which the Company holds about them.SARs must be made in writing, accompanied by the correct fee.The Company currently requires a fee of €10 (the statutory maximum) with all SARs.Upon receipt of a SAR the Company shall have a maximum period of 40 days within which to respond. The following information will be provided to the data subject:Whether or not the Company holds any personal data on the data subject;A description of any personal data held on the data subject;Details of what that personal data is used for;Details of any third-party organisations that personal data is passed to; andDetails of any technical terminology or codes.Contacting usIf users have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or their dealings with this site, could contact us at: 18 Kassandrou Str,65403, Kavala, Greece0030 2510 242632info@classter.com18 Kassandrou Str,65403, Kavala, Greece0030 2510 242632info@classter.com