
                  Thank you for using CreativeLive. This Privacy Policy describes what personal information we may collect from you through the Service, and how we may use that information.  References to “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to CreativeLive, Inc.  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy are as defined in our Terms of Use.
                

COLLECTING AND USING INFORMATION

                    We may use the information we collect on or through the Service to provide and improve the Service, to customize and improve your experience with the Service, and collect any applicable fees related to the Service.  We may also send you news, updates and other information you may find useful, unless you specify in your account that you do not want to receive these notices.
                  

                    We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for their promotional purposes.  Except as described below, we do not share with third parties information by which you can be personally identified, unless you give your consent.
                  

Account Creation. We collect the information you provide to us when you create or update your account, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, user ID, user name, and credit card or other payment information.  We may use this information to contact you regarding the Service, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy.
                  

Login and Browsing. We may collect information regarding your IP address, ISP, location, web-browser and the types of services and products you view on the Service.  We may use this information to customize your experience, including offering you products or services.
                  

Cookies and Similar Technologies. We may use “cookies” on the Service (or similar technologies such as web beacons).  Cookies are small computer files we place on your computer’s hard drive so we can recognize your computer and collect information such as your IP address, login, password, your browsing patterns on the Service, and other information regarding your computer and your use of the Service.  The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to restrict cookies or disable them altogether.  However, restricting or disabling cookies may prevent you from using some of the features of the Service.  We may allow advertisements to be displayed on the Service, in which case the advertisements and the third parties responsible for the advertisements may also such cookies and similar technologies.  This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by us and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by such advertisers or any other third party.
                  

Social Sharing Functions.
                    
We collect the information you upload or include in your user profile. This information is publicly visible to other users of the Services and may include your username, profile image, biographical information, links to your personal website(s), images you upload to the Service, as well as your comments, posts, and reviews in our forum, blog, Course review and any other social pages on the Service.
                      
If you login to the Service using a third party Authentication Service (such as Facebook Connect), or use an image from your Facebook, Twitter or other social media website account as your profile picture on the Service, you give us permission to access your account information on those websites. You should review your privacy settings on those sites to see what information you share with us in this manner.
                      
If you do not want your personal information to be visible to other users of the Service, do not upload that information to your user profile or other public portions of the Service such as Galleries.
                      


Advertising Communications. We also offer you the ability to receive commercial communications relating to the Service, in which case we will use your account information to provide such communications. You may opt-out at any time by changing your settings in your account.
                  

User-Generated Feedback. We value hearing from our users, and are always interested in learning about ways we can make CreativeLive better than ever. Any feedback, comments, reviews, ideas or suggestions (“Feedback”) to CreativeLive regarding CreativeLive's Site, Courses, or Services is entirely voluntary. Any such Feedback that you provide to will be the sole and exclusive property of CreativeLive and you hereby irrevocably assign to us all of your right, title and interest in and to all Feedback.  CreativeLive will be free to use such Feedback as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
                  

Third Party Service Providers. We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties who provide limited services on our behalf (for example, the processing of payments, or the delivery of emails or other information to you).  We provide these third parties with only the information they need to deliver such services.
                  

Compliance with Law. We may disclose personally identifiable information when we believe disclosure is appropriate for any of the following purposes:  to comply with the law or a request by law enforcement officials or judicial authorities; to enforce or apply our Terms or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers or others.
                  

Successors in Interest. In the event that all or part of our business may be acquired by a third party, we may disclose personally identifiable information in connection with that transaction.
                  

Social Sharing. We offer you the ability to share your activities on the Service with your friends and other third parties via third-party websites and services (e.g. Facebook). If you choose to share information about your activities in this manner, you are providing us the right to share the information with these third parties.
                  

                    Any personally identifiable information which you include in your publicly-available user profile or submit to publicly-accessible portions of the Service will be visible to the public (or portions of the public).  If you use the Service to send any personally identifiable information to a third party (such as another user of the Service), then we may send such information to such third party through the Service as directed.
                  


YOUR PREFERENCES

Modifying Your Information. You can modify your account information at any time by logging into your account, clicking on “My Account”, and then the “Edit Contact Information” link. In addition, you may modify any personal information in your user profile at any time.  We may keep a copy of the prior version of this information for our records. If you have questions about how to modify or remove your account information, please email support@creativelive.com.
                  

Opt-out. We send emails or other communications regarding our services. If you no longer wish to receive them, you can opt-out at any time by: (i) clicking the opt-out/unsubscribe option contained in each commercial email; (ii) going to your account information and changing your communication preference settings; or (iii) emailing at us at support@creativelive.com. Please note that it may take up to 48 hours for the system to fully update your preferences. Opting out of these communications will not impact emails or other communications we send you regarding your use of the Service (orders, policies, updates, etc.).
                  

