
Thank you for using CreativeLive. This Privacy Policy describes what personal information we may collect from you through the Service, and how we may use that information.  References to “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to CreativeLive, Inc.  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy are as defined in our Terms of Use).
COLLECTING AND USING INFORMATION
Account Creation. We collect the information you provide to us when you create or update your account, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, user ID, user name, and credit card or other payment information.  We may use this information to contact you regarding the Service, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Any personally identifiable information which you include in your publicly-available user profile or submit to publicly-accessible portions of the Service will be visible to the public (or portions of the public).
Login and Browsing. We may collect information regarding your IP address, ISP, location, web-browser, device and the types of services and products you view on the Service.  We may use this information to customize your experience, including offering you products or services. 
Cookies and Similar Technologies. We may use “cookies” on the Service (or similar technologies such as web beacons).  Cookies are small computer files we place on your computer’s hard drive so we can recognize your computer and collect information such as your IP address, login, password, your browsing patterns on the Service, and other information regarding your computer and your use of the Service.  The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to restrict cookies or disable them altogether.  However, restricting or disabling cookies may prevent you from using some of the features of the Service.  We may allow advertisements to be displayed on the Service, in which case the advertisements and the third parties responsible for the advertisements may also use such cookies and similar technologies.  This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by us and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by such advertisers or any other third party. 
Social Sharing Functions.


We offer you the ability to share your activities on the Service with your friends and other third parties via third-party websites and services (e.g. Facebook). If you choose to share information about your activities in this manner, you are providing us the right to share the information with these third parties.


We collect the information you upload or include in your user profile. This information is publicly visible to other users of the Services and may include your username, profile image, biographical information, links to your personal website(s), images you upload to the Service, as well as your comments, posts, and reviews in our forum, blog, Course review and any other social pages on the Service. 


If you login to the Service using a third party Authentication Service (such as Facebook Connect), or use an image from your Facebook, Twitter or other social media website account as your profile picture on the Service, you give us permission to access your account information on those websites. You should review your privacy settings on those sites to see what information you share with us in this manner. 


If you do not want your personal information to be visible to other users of the Service, do not upload that information to your user profile or other public portions of the Service such as Galleries.



