Citrix.com Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 24, 2018
Citrix Systems, Inc. ("we" or "us" or "Citrix") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices Citrix applies to citrix.com domain websites and any product or service offered exclusively through this website (the "Offerings"). Some Citrix products and services have their own dedicated websites. Some of those websites refer back to this Privacy Policy, and others, such as Podio and ShareFile, have their own privacy policies, which you can find on those websites.
Please review this Privacy policy carefully. When you use or access the Offerings or when you submit information to or through the Offerings, you consent to the collection and processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
Information collected will vary by activity and may include personal information such as a first and last name, email address, telephone number, postal or other physical address, or other contact information. We may also collect title, occupation, work industry, and other information which may be required by Citrix to provide products, services, and information to you. These activities include:

when you register with Citrix for a MyCitrix account;
when you register as a partner;
when you register for an online program, event, seminars, promotions or sweepstakes;
when you request products (including but not limited to product evaluation, tech preview and beta downloads), services or information;
when you participate in Citrix events, surveys, questionnaire or evaluation; or
otherwise correspond with us or request information from us.

Offerings may include social media features, such as the Facebook and Twitter buttons. These services allow you to authenticate your identity or provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, email address, persona or handle in order to pre-populate our sign up form or interact with our Offerings. These features may also collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie (see "Cookies and Other Data Collection Technologies" below) to enable the Feature to function properly. These features may also give you the option to post information about your activities on our websites to your profile page to share with others within your network. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
In addition, from time to time, Citrix receives personal information from business partners and vendors. Citrix only uses such information for purposes as specified herein if Citrix reasonably believes that it has been duly collected in accordance with applicable laws. We may also combine the information we collect from you with information obtained from other sources to help us improve its overall accuracy and completeness and help us better tailor our interactions with you.
We also collect IP (Internet Protocol) addresses of devices that access the Offerings for the purpose of maintaining and improving site quality and integrity, to determine the general geographic location and to enforce access control or other security measures. We often collect this information in log files, a standard method of reporting in order to statistically determine which parts of our websites are visited, for example, and how long visitors spend there. We also log the type of browser and operating system you are using so that we can ensure your browsing experience is the most compatible with your device settings.
In order to continuously improve our Offerings, we utilize proprietary and third party analytics tools to better understand feature usage patterns, to enhance and improve your product experience and offer you specific usage tips and guidance. These tools may gather data from our Offerings such as what browser a person uses, what operating systems are used, domain names, MIME types, click paths, what is downloaded, and what content, products and services are viewed when visiting, using or registering for our Offerings. This usage information may be linked to personal information for our own purposes. Like many other commercial websites, Citrix Offerings may use cookies to collect this information. Please go to "Cookies and Other Data Collection Technologies" below for more information.
Mobile and Cloud Offerings
Mobile Offerings may be delivered through an on-premise mobile device management server, cloud solution or downloaded directly from an app store. These Offerings may collect personal information, geo-location data or personal usage statistics directly or on behalf of our enterprise customers for the purposes of mobile device management or access control. For specific information on your company's mobile device management data practices and policy, please contact your company's mobile device Administrator. Citrix may also receive aggregated and anonymous download and mobile application usage statistics for purposes of analysis from our enterprise customers. We do not correlate this information with personally identifiable data about individual end users without consent. Mobile offerings may utilize third party analytical tools, but not in a way that may personally identify you.
For the Citrix Cloud Offerings, Citrix may access end-user data as necessary to support maintenance operations of the service or for the purpose of diagnosing or resolving any problems that might limit or disrupt the quality of our customers' experience.
How We Use Information Collected
Citrix uses personal information for our own internal business operations, and to market, deliver and improve our products and services.  We also may use your information to help you complete a transaction or order, to communicate with you, to deliver products/services to you, to bill you for products/services you purchased, and to provide ongoing service and support. Occasionally we may use your information to contact you to complete surveys that we use for quality assurance purposes.
We may also use your personal information to send you (or have our business partners or marketing agencies send you on our behalf) marketing information or to contact you for marketing research. At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving marketing materials you choose to unsubscribe from. If you have subscribed to marketing communications from other wholly owned subsidiaries and affiliated divisions of Citrix, please follow the instructions in those communications to update your preferences or to opt-out of communications. You will continue to receive communications such as receipts, confirmation emails and customer service updates that are considered necessary to provide the service to you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
As Citrix is a global company, your personal information may be shared with other Citrix offices or subsidiaries around the world. In such case, the Citrix entities receiving the information are subject to this Privacy Policy.
Within Citrix, data is stored in controlled servers with restricted access. Your personal information may be stored and processed worldwide in the global offices of Citrix or its marketing agents. Unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy, your personal information is not shared outside Citrix without your permission.
Citrix may send your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances:

When we have your consent to share the information (if required under local law);
If sharing your information is necessary to provide a product, service or information you have requested; by way of example, sharing your information with a bank, logistics company, event organizer, marketing agency etc.;
As part of a joint sales promotion or to pass sales leads to our business partners;
To keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you would like to hear about either from us, through our marketing agencies or from our business partners;
In connection with the sale, merger, divestiture, reorganization or any other corporate transaction involving the Citrix business line that maintains your personal information;
For the purpose of conducting US Export law compliance checks, passing your information to our contracted vendors; 
To third party service providers who help us with our business operations or other aspects of our business; and 
For data and customer relations management, passing your data to our contracted service providers.

We reserve our right to disclose your personal information to a third party if we have a good faith belief in our sole discretion that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Legal Notice and Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Citrix, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Cookies and Other Data Collection Tools
Definitions
Cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies were originally designed to help a website distinguish a user's browser from a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site or to track the user's activities.
A cookie is a small string of text that a website can send to your browser. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your email address. Currently, Citrix uses cookies to enhance the user's visit; in general, cookies can securely store a user's ID and password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections.
A web beacon is a small transparent gif image that is embedded in an HTML page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed. A similar technology may be used by which a product or service may send data to a server when a set of user-initiated events occur such as when a selection is made. This technology is similar to a cookie in that it tracks your visit and the data can only be read by the server that receives the data. It is different than a cookie in that it is not browser-based, may not function as an identification card, and does not store any data on your computer.
We refer to these technologies collectively as "Data Collection Tools."
Opting Out
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website or via HTML-formatted emails, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of Citrix's websites if you do so. In particular, you may be required to accept cookies in order to complete certain actions on our website. To use/navigate through many parts of our websites, you do not need to turn on cookies.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics as described in "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps." You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics on websites by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on here. We also employ IP address masking, a technique used to truncate IP addresses collected by Google Analytics and store them in an abbreviated form to prevent them from being traced back to individual users. Portions of our website may also use Google Analytics for Display Advertisers including DoubleClick or Dynamic Remarketing which provide interest-based ads based on your visit to this or other websites. You can use Ads Settings to manage the Google ads you see and opt-out of interest-based ads.
Data Collection by Third Parties
Citrix offerings may integrate third-party Data Collection Tools which collect information about your online activities across websites or online services. You may be able to opt out from data collection or use by these third parties as described under "Opting Out" or “Google Analytics” above, or by following the instructions under “Online Advertising—Your Online Choices” in the next section.
Online Advertising – Your Online Choices
We support the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising ("Principles") of the Digital Advertising Alliance in the US, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada, and the European Digital Advertising Alliance in the EU. If you live in the United States, Canada, or the European Union, you can visit Ad Choices, Ad Choices Canada or Your Online Choices to find a convenient place to indicate your preferences, including the option to make one "universal" opt-out of interest-based advertising with participating entities. These websites also provide detailed information about interest-based advertising and tips for managing your privacy online and in applications.
When you opt-out using these methods, a cookie will be placed on your device indicating that you have opted-out of interest-based advertising. If you delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Please note that opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or on the Offerings; rather, opting out means that the online ads that you do see will not be based on your particular interests. In addition, when you opt-out of receiving interest-based advertisements through the links above, Data Collection Tools on the Offerings may still collect information about your use of the Offerings, including for analytics, fraud prevention and any other purpose permitted under the Self- Regulatory Principles.
Your Ability to Access or Change Your Information
If you are a registered user or have been named as a "Contact" for a company (including but not limited to companies acting as our end users or partners), you can review your personal information and make change requests by accessing My Account. While you are named as the "Contact" for a particular company, Citrix will direct to you many of the correspondences for such company. If you do not wish to receive further business correspondence for and on behalf of your company, you may change the "Contact" to another individual upon consultation with your company. In the alternative, if you do not wish to receive further direct marketing materials, you may "unsubscribe" the relevant marketing materials. If you are no longer the "Contact" for a particular company, we will retain in our files some personal information to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce our Legal Notice and Terms of Use, respect your opt-out preferences, and comply with legal requirements as permitted by law.
Upon request Citrix will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. To request this information, please contact us at privacy@citrix.com.
Account Information Security
Citrix safeguards the personal information you send us and takes reasonable physical, technical, and organizational measures to prevent unauthorized access, unlawful processing, and unauthorized or accidental loss, destruction, or damage to your personal information. Citrix uses industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of personally identifiable information, including encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). While we strive to protect your personal information, we need your co-operation to ensure the security of the information you transmit to us. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information while using the Internet. Change your passwords often, and use a passphrase instead of password with at least 8 characters in combination of letters and numbers. Make sure you use a secure internet browser, follow the vendor suggestion and apply updates when required.
Third Party Sites
Our Offerings may contain links to websites operated by other companies. Some of these third-party sites may be co-branded with a Citrix logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by Citrix. Citrix does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. Once you have left our website, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.
Forums and Blogs
Some of Citrix's Offerings allow our users to publish content via discussion forums, blogs, and other means. Any information that is disclosed in these forums becomes public information which could be read, collected or used by other users to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Citrix may, from time to time, send emails regarding our products and services to users who have published content through our websites. Each participant's opinion expressed is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting the opinion of Citrix. Note also that your use of these online communication tools is subject to our Terms of Use. Personal information given to Citrix may be transferred across state and country borders for data consolidation, storage and simplified information management.
Privacy Shield Statement

Citrix participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Citrix has committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List.
Citrix is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Citrix complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred to the Privacy Shield Framework, Citrix is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Citrix may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Dispute Resolution
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us here. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is subject to change. If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email prior to the changes taking effect. If Citrix or any of its assets are acquired by another company we will notify you via email about this transaction and the transfer of your personal information. You will have a choice as to whether or not you consent to the usage of your information in a different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Questions or Concerns
If you have questions or concerns about our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us.
Citrix Systems, Inc.
851 West Cypress Creek Road
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309
privacy@citrix.com
