

			We use a technology nicknamed "Cookies" on our website. Cookies make your visit to our website easier and improve the quality of the visitor experience.
		
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information
which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then
sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another
website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a
website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about
cookies at:
www.allaboutcookies.org 
www.youronlinechoices.eu
For a
video about cookies visit:
Google cookie video
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate
between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve
the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. The cookies
used on this website have been categorised based on the categories found in the
International Chamber of Commerce UK Cookie guide. A list of all the cookies
used on this website by category is set out below.
Category
1: strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to
enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing
secure areas of the website, assisting navigation and adjusting the colours of
the pages.. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like online
payment cannot be provided.
Category 2: performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how
visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and
if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect
information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is
aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website
works.  
Robert Gordon University uses
Google Analytics. Find out more about Google Analytics in Google's Privacy policy and download the opt out widget. 
By
using our website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your
device.
Category
3: functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember
choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in)
and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be
able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a
cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be
used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of
web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you
have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The
information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your
browsing activity on other websites. 
Robert Gordon University does not
currently use this type of cookie on this website, however, be aware that third
party staff blogs and websites linked from this website may use these and
should advise users.
Category
4: targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies are
used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also
used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help
measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you
have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations
such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be
linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.  
Robert Gordon University does not contain
any advertisements on this website. However the University uses the
AddThis button to enable content sharing  As a consumer, you may have used these sharing
tools, or installed an AddThis browser extension. You  should read the AddThis full Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. 
We audit our site for the presence of cookies. 
A report on our cookie audit is available from webproject@rgu.ac.uk




More
information is available from www.allaboutcookies.org
You
may opt out of cookies by going to your browser settings.
If
you are using Internet Explorer (IE) 8.0+:

Go to
     'Tools' in the menu bar which should drop down then click on 'Internet
     Options'
Click on
     'Privacy' Tab on top
Click on
     'Sites' a new window should open called 'Per Site Privacy Actions'
Type in the
     URL of the site you wish to allow or block cookie in th 'Address of
     website' box

To
delete existing cookies:

Go to
     'Tools' in the menu bar which should drop down then click on 'Internet
     Options'
Click on
     'Privacy' Tab on top
Click on
     'Sites' a new window should open called 'Per Site Privacy Actions'
Under the
     "Managed websites' box should be a list of all the websites you have
     visited.
To remove
     all cookies simply click on the "Remove all" button.

For
details on how to do this for other browsers visit  http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/

