
McLaren Health Care Corporation cares about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us.This Privacy Policy and Terms (the “Policy”) describes our practices in connection with Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through our website located at www.mclaren.org, the websites of our subsidiaries that display or directly link to this Policy, and the e-mail messages that we send to you that directly link to this Policy (collectively, the “Services”).There are a number of circumstances where this Policy does not apply and we want to identify a few of them for you:If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by using one of the means listed on our Contact pagePersonally Identifiable Information We May Collect
“Personally Identifiable Information” is information that identifies you as an individual, such as name, birth date, telephone number, e-mail address, or unique device identifiers that was gathered in connection with your use of the Services.
If we combine Personally Identifiable Information with protected health information subject to protection under HIPAA, the combined information will be treated as protected health information for as long as it remains combined.

Other Information we may collect
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, including, for example: (1) computer or device connection information, such as browser type and version, operating system type and version, device information, and other technical identifiers; (2) information collected through cookies and other technologies; or (3) aggregated information, such as usage history and search history.
If we combine Other Information with Personally Identifiable Information, the combined information will be treated as Personally Identifiable Information for as long as it remains combined.

Security Measures
Virus Detection and E-mail Security: For website security, we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.  
General Practices: Although we seek to use reasonable measures to protect Personally Identifiable Information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that the information you provide to us through the Services will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services.
Security of Service Communications: Some communication through the Services may be sent through the standard HTTP protocol and may be delivered using regular e-mail. Information sent over HTTP is not encrypted. E-mail, while convenient, also poses several risks (e.g., e-mail is not a secure form of communication, is unreliable, can be forwarded, etc.). We cannot guarantee the security of the information sent through such means, nor can we guarantee that information you supply to us will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your computer and to take appropriate security measures to protect your information. We use encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your protected health information during data transport with My McLaren Chart.
Your Obligations to Safeguard your Information: Security is not a one person job. You must also take reasonable measures to protect your information, including, for example, securing your computer and mobile device, using an antivirus software, using a firewall, and other similar safeguards.

Disclaimer
McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries offer information on the Services for general educational purposes only. This information should not be used for diagnosis and treatment, nor should it be considered a replacement for counsel with your physician or other health care professional. If you have questions or concerns about your health, contact your health care provider. We encourage you to use the Physician Finder to locate a physician by specialty and area.
While we and our subsidiaries make reasonable effort to ensure accuracy of the information on the Services, we do not guarantee the accuracy, and the information is provided with no warranty or guarantee of any kind.

Links
We and our subsidiaries provide links to other websites. These links are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained on such third-party websites. Different terms and conditions may apply to your use of any linked sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of each website.  We have no control over third party websites and make no claim or representation regarding such websites. We accept no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any websites accessible by hyperlink from the Services, or websites linking to the Services.  We are not responsible for any losses, damages or other liabilities incurred as a result of your use of any linked sites.

Corrections, unsubscribe and data retention
You may update the information you provide to us through the Services. To change your information, contact Webmaster@mclaren.org. If you are subscribed to one of our newsletter, you may unsubscribe from receiving the newsletters by clicking on the appropriate link at the bottom of the e-mail. We may, from time to time, send you administrative messages. You cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, other valid legal processes or as described in this Policy (or another policy in place between you and us), we will not share any Personally Identifiable Information we receive from you with any parties outside of McLaren and its subsidiaries.

Changes to the Privacy Policy and Terms
We may change this Policy from time to time. Please take a look at the “Last Modified” legend at the top of this page to see when this Policy was last revised. Any material changes to this Policy will become effective 7 days from when we post the revised Policy on the Services and all other changes to this Policy will become effective when we post the revised Policy on the Services. Your use of the Services following the effective date means that you accept the revised Policy. If you have questions or comments about this Policy, contact Webmaster@mclaren.org.
McLaren Foundations:  Some subsidiaries uses Internet donors' technology provided by Blackbaud, Inc. This is encrypted technology and allows financial donations to be forwarded electronically using a secure server.
McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries use oxcyon.com as a host server and vendor, the content management system is Central Point.

Use of Services by Minors
We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from individuals under the age of 13 and the Services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13. We request that these individuals not to use the Services.

International Visitors
The Services are controlled and operated from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. If any material on the Services, is contrary to the laws of the place where you are when you access them, then we ask you not to use the Services. You are responsible for informing yourself of the laws of your jurisdiction and complying with them. By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.

Use of Materials on the Services, Trademarks and Copyrights 
You acknowledge and agree that all content on the Services (including, without limitation, text, images, user interfaces, visual interfaces, graphics, trademarks, logos, sounds, source code and computer code, including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, ‘look and feel’ and arrangement thereof) is the exclusive property of and owned by us or our licensors and is protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. These marks and copyrights may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the express prior written permission from their respective owners, and then with the proper acknowledgments. Nothing on the Services shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo or service mark displayed on the Services without the owner’s prior written permission, except as otherwise described herein.
You may access, copy, download, and print the material (such as, for example, educational materials, service descriptions, and similar materials) purposely made available by us for downloading from the non-secured component of the Website (“General Website”) for your personal, non-commercial use and for your business use in connection with evaluating McLaren healthcare provider services for offer by your health plan or use by your employees, provided you do not (i) modify or delete (including through selectively copying or printing material) any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notice that appears on the material, and (ii) make any additional representations or warranties relating to such materials.
You may access, copy, and print the material contained in the secured component of the Website in accordance with the terms and conditions governing the secure section.
Any other use of content or material on the Services, including but not limited to the modification, distribution, transmission, performance, broadcast, publication, uploading, licensing, reverse engineering, encoding, transfer or sale of, or the creation of derivative works from, any material, information, software, documentation, products or services obtained from the Services, or use of the Services is expressly prohibited.
We, our licensors, or content providers, retain full and complete title to any and all materials provided on the Services, including any and all associated intellectual property rights. 
As long as you comply with this Policy, we grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited privilege to enter and use the Services. We reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Services and to block or prevent future access to and use of the Services.

Submissions and Postings
To the extent that we allow submissions on the Services, you acknowledge that you are responsible for any material you may submit via the Services, including the copyright, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and originality of any such material.
You represent and warrant (and we rely on your representation and warranty) that you (i) own or otherwise control all the rights or have sufficient rights to the content you post or that such items are known to you to be in the public domain; (ii) that the content is accurate; (iii) that use of the content you supply does not violate any provision in this Policy or terms you may have agreed to with a third party; (iv) that the content is not defamatory or otherwise trade libelous; (v) does not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; and (vi) that you will indemnify us for all claims resulting from content you supply, including arising from an action alleging infringement of copyright or other proprietary rights in such work.
We undertake no duty to determine the validity of any claim of copyright or trademark infringement. Upon receiving written notice that any item posted on the Services is believed to infringe a copyright or other proprietary right, we will remove said work.
If you do submit material, you grant us and our affiliates an unrestricted, nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferrable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display any and all material not subject to protections under HIPAA throughout the world in any media. You further agree that we are free to use without limitation and without any compensation to you any ideas, concepts, or know-how that you or individuals acting on your behalf provide to us. You grant us the right to use the name you submit in connection with such material.  We retain any and all rights granted in this Policy in and to any user submitted content or non-HIPAA materials after termination, notwithstanding the reason for any such termination.
We have an absolute right to remove any material from the Services in our sole discretion at any time.

Usage Rules
You hereby agree to not upload, distribute, or otherwise publish through the Services any content that (i) is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, fraudulent, defamatory, abusive, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable; (ii) is confidential, proprietary, incorrect, or infringing on intellectual property rights; (iii) may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law; or (iv) may contain software viruses, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.”  You may not use a false email address or other identifying information, impersonate any person or entity or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content.  You may not upload commercial content onto our Services.
You expressly agree to refrain from doing either personally or through an agent, any of the following:  (1) use any device or other means to harvest information; (2) transmit, install, upload or otherwise transfer any virus or other item or process to the Services that in any way affects the use, enjoyment or service of the Services, or any visitor’s computer or other medium used to access the Services; (3) engage in any action which we determine in our sole discretion is detrimental to the use and enjoyment of the Services; or (4) transmit, install, upload, post or otherwise transfer any information in violation of the laws of the United States. You may further not use any hardware or software intended to damage or interfere with the proper working of the Services or to surreptitiously intercept any system, data, or personal information from the Services. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Services in any way.

Infringement Notice
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and request that you do the same. If you believe your copyright or the copyright of a person on whose behalf you are authorized to act has been infringed, you may notify us in writing to the e-mail address or mailing address provided in the “How to Contact the Web Team” section below with attention to Copyright Agent. To be effective, your notification must be in writing, include your contact information, provided to our copyright agent, and include:  (i) signature of a person authorized to act; (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; and (ii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including references to the location of the material on the Services.
If you believe other intellectual property rights were violated, you may notify us in writing to the mailing address provided in the “How to Contact the Web Team” section below with attention to General Counsel.

Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
The laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to any conflicts of laws principles thereof, will govern the construction and interpretation of this Policy and the rights of the parties hereunder. By accessing, using, or registering for the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by this Policy and by all applicable laws and regulations. The Parties agree on behalf of themselves and any person claiming by or through them that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be an appropriate state or federal court located in Michigan and each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum.

Severability and Waiver
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Policy will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Policy is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, for any reason, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent of the law.

How to Contact the Web Team E-mail: Webmaster@mclaren.org Fax: (989) 891-8185

