McLaren Health Care Corporation (www.mclaren.org)


PRIVACY POLICY & DISCLAIMER
Agreement: Thank you for visiting our web site and for reviewing this Privacy Policy. As an integrated health system, McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries are committed to quality patient care first and foremost.
Our goal is to maintain compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). This means we will comply with the highest standards of web site privacy so visitors can feel comfortable and safe in using this site for their health care information needs.
Other than routine web transaction information that is automatically collected and stored (see below) - we do not collect information about you unless you choose to provide information to us. It is our practice that all patients featured in stories and pictures sign release statements, giving authorization to use their story and/or picture on this web site. In most cases. Patients will be acknowledged only with their first and last initial to further protect their privacy.
Information We Collect: Our system routinely collects information about site navigation and browser of web site visitors.  We also collect data on search terms you used to find information on this web site, the pages you visited, and the address of the web site from which you came to visit. This information is used for trend analysis to help make this web site more useful to visitors. We do not collect any identifying or personal data on site users unless that information is submitted in request for services, programs or information.
Who Will Use This Information: The web team and designated subsidiary employees are the only individuals allowed access to information on this site - in most cases, the webmaster and another designated individual are the primary individuals allowed full and complete access to the web site. By terms of their employment, they are prohibited from using this information for promotional or personal purposes, unless consent has been obtained in advance. Those who have access to certain segments of the web site have been authorized because they implement a particular web site program.
Visitor-Provided Information: You do not have to give us personal information to visit this web site. If you choose to provide additional information via an e-mail message, form, survey, class registration, etc. we only maintain the information for as long as needed to fulfill your request, or to track surveys and forms on the web site.
Disclosure: McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries do not disclose, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our website visitors, unless required by law enforcement or statute.
Virus Detection and E-mail security: For site security, we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.  If a law enforcement investigation is required, information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual. Information sent by e-mail to the Webmaster or their designates will be accessed only by trained and approved staff to complete the request of the web site visitor. We use an external secure server that is protected electronically from access by unauthorized individuals.
Disclaimer: McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries offer information on the web site for general educational purposes only. This information should not be used for diagnosis and treatment, nor should it be considered a replacement for counsel with your physician or other health care professional. If you have questions or concerns about your health, contact your health care provider. We encourage you to use the Physician Finder to locate a physician by specialty and area.
While McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries make every effort to ensure accuracy of the information on this web site, we do not guarantee the accuracy, and the information is provided with warranty or guarantee of any kind.
Links: McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries provide links to other sites. Users are encouraged to read the privacy policy of each site. McLaren and its subsidiaries make these links available to provide additional health care information and services, and contacts with local or regional support groups. To make the information more available, McLaren and its subsidiaries may link with other news providers to post specific stories on their web site, or to host particular events, like a "live chat." Links to third party sites are provided as a convenience to you. McLaren and its subsidiaries do not exercise control over content, software, or products found on linked sites.
Corrections: All information given to McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries may be reviewed and changed. To change your information, contact Webmaster@mclaren.org
Changes to Privacy Policy and Disclaimer: Changes to our privacy policy or disclaimer statement will be posted on this page so you are always aware of the information we collect and how it is used. We welcome your feedback. If you have questions or comments about our privacy policy, contact Webmaster@mclaren.org.
First Baby Photos:  First baby photos displayed on subsidiary web sites are protected by passwords chosen by the parents. The parents elect this free service. Parents assume responsibility for disseminating password information to those they wish to access their baby's picture on the web site. The site requires use of the parent-selected password to go beyond the first page, and access any baby photos. Sites are hosted by www.growingfamily.com and www.hospitalbabyportraits.comMcLaren Flint Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries, trustees, and growingfamily.com and hospitalbabyportraits.com are hereby released from liability, as this is an elected service provided to new parents.
McLaren Foundations:  Some subsidiaries uses net donors' technology provided by Blackbaud, Inc. This is encrypted technology and allows financial donations to be forwarded electronically using a secure server.
McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries use oxcyon.com as a host server and vendor, the content management system is Central Point..
Usage Rules: As a condition of using this service, you warrant that you will not use this service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this agreement. We reserve the right to deny you access to any part of this service at our sole discretion. You are responsible for material you send to any "discussion" group available through this service. To maintain an informative and valuable service for you, while seeking to avoid harm that can result from statements that are false, malicious, and which violate the rights of others, we establish the following rules to protect against abuse:
You may not post or transmit any message anonymously or under a false name.
You may not post or transmit any message which is libelous, defamatory, or which discloses private or personal matters unless your intent is to bring a matter to the attention of our Webmaster for distribution to appropriate hospital personnel who can address your concerns. You may not post or transmit any message, data, image or program which is indecent, obscene, or pornographic.
You may not post or transmit any message, data, image, or program that violates the property rights of others, including unauthorized copyrighted text, images or programs, trade information and trademarks, registrations, or service marks used in an infringing fashion.
You may not post or transmit any file which contains viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any other contaminating or destructive features.
You may not post or transmit any message which is harmful, threatening, abusive or hateful. It is not the service's intent to discourage users from taking controversial positions or expressing what may be unpopular views. McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries reserve the right to take action deemed appropriate in cases where the service is used to disseminate statements which are deeply and widely offensive and/or harmful.
You may not post or transmit charity requests, petitions for signatures, chain letters, or letters relating to pyramid schemes. You may not post or transmit any advertising, promotional materials or any other solicitation that has not been expressly approved by McLaren Health Care Corporation and its subsidiaries.
How to Contact the Web Team:
E-mail: Webmaster@mclaren.org
Fax: (989) 891-8185
Mail:
McLaren Bay Region
Marketing & Public Relations
503 Mulholland Ave
Bay City, MI 48708
Updated: 5/5/08
