Objective  and Scope
DB  Corp Ltd (“we”, “us”, “our”, “DB”) values the trust  placed in us by data subject (“you”, “your”, “user”,  “subscriber”) and therefore, we follow the highest standards of  privacy guidelines to protect the information shared by you with us.
This  privacy policy describes the usage of information provided or  collected by DB Corp Ltd and/or its subsidiary (ies) and/or  affiliate(s) (collectively referred to as the "Company"),  which operates various websites/ Mobile Apps & other services  including but not limited to delivery of information and content via  any mobile or internet connected device or otherwise (collectively  the "Services").  We follow this privacy policy in  accordance with applicable law in the places where we operate.  In  some cases, we may provide additional data privacy notices specific  to certain services or regions. Those terms are to be read in  combination with this policy.
Please  keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party  site or platform (for example, via our applications like social media  login the information we collect is through those third-party sites  linked with our applications is covered by this privacy policy, and  the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject  to the third-party site or platform’s privacy practices. Privacy  choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not  apply to our use of the information we have collected directly  through our applications. Please also keep in observance that our  sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or  controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices  of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites  or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that  may collect your personal information.
All  capitalized terms that have not been specifically defined herein  shall have the same meaning as provided under the Terms of Use.
This  Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction and together with the  Terms of Use applicable to the DB Service you are using. 

User  Consent
By  using DB Services (for example, when you register for an account,  enter a contest or promotion, communicate with us, on our sites or  applications or through social media), you agree to provide consent  to our collection, use and sharing of your personal information as  described in this policy. In some cases, particularly if you reside  in a country governed by a data protection regulation, we may ask you  to provide explicit consent to access our services before proceeding  for further operations.
Collection  and Use of Personal Information
‘Personal  Information’ or ‘PII’ is defined as any information that  identifies (whether directly or indirectly) to a particular  individual or natural person, such as the individual’s name, postal  address, email address, mobile number and any other identifier  indicating to that particular person. When anonymous information is  directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the  resulting information also is treated as personal information.
The  Company respects the privacy of the users of the Services and is  committed to reasonably protect it in all respects. The information  about the user as collected by the Company is: 
  (a)  information supplied by users 
  (b) information automatically  tracked while navigation
  (c)  Inferred information through usage and log data 
  (d) information  collected from any other sources (collectively referred to as  "Information")
A.   Information  you provide to us
Information  Collected at the Time of Registration
When you  register using your  web accounts like  Facebook or Google+ we  retrieve the following Information from your  account(s) to continue  to interact with you and to continue providing you the Services.  Information that we collect include - 


    User  	Name 

    E-mail  	id
Age

    Gender

    Location

    Profile  	picture

    Public  	profile information 

Information  Collected when you enrol for contests and services on our website
When  you enrol for any contests or services ((e.g. Daily Horoscope, Get  Kundali, subscribe to newsletters etc.) on our website we may collect  the following information from you: 


Name

    E-mail  	id

    Mobile  	Number

    Location  	(Country, State, City)

    Gender

    Date  	of Birth

    Birth  	time (In case of get free Kundali)

    Birth  	Place (In case of get free Kundali)

    Photo  	(For photo contests)

    Passport  	Number (For verification purposes in case of contests)

Information  Collected when you use our Mobile Application
When  you download our mobile application we collect the below information  from you-


    Location

    Microphone

    Device  	ID

    Device  	Type

Information  you provide to us voluntarily
We may  collect additional information at other times, when you provide  feedback(s), modify your content or email preferences, respond to  surveys, or communicate with us. This information may include your  name, e-mail id, mobile number, location, etc.

  B.  Information  Automatically Collected/Tracked while Navigation


Cookies
To  improve the responsiveness of the "Application" for our  users, we may use "cookies", or similar electronic tools to  collect information to assign each visitor a unique, random number as  a User Identification ("User ID") to understand the user's  individual interests using the identified computer. Unless you  voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we  would not know who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your  computer. The only personal information which a cookie can hold is  the information you supply. A cookie cannot read data from your hard  drive. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your  browser(s) (if you click on their ads), a process that we do not  control. We receive and store certain types of information whenever  you interact with us via website(s), Application(s) or Services  through your computer/laptop/notebook/ mobile/tablet/pad/handheld  device or any other electronic device capable of connecting to  internet. For more details you can refer to our Cookie  Policy
Log File  Information
We  automatically collect limited information about your computer's  connection to the Internet, mobile number, including your IP address,  whenever you visit(s) our website(s), application or services. Your  IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet  and recognize where you send data –For e.g. pages you viewed. We  automatically receive and log information from your browser,  including your IP address, your computer's name, your operating  system, browser type and version, CPU speed, and connection speed. We  may also collect log information from your device, including your  location, IP address, your device's name, device's serial number or  unique identification number (e.g. UDiD on your iOS device), your  device operating system, browser type and version, application  version, operator name, screen size, CPU speed, and connection speed  etc.

  Clear GIFs


We may use  "clear GIFs" (Web Beacons) to track the online usage  patterns of our users in an anonymous manner, without personally  identifying the user. We may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails  sent to our users to track which emails are opened by them. We use  this information to inter-alia deliver our web pages to you upon  request, to tailor our website/Application or Services to suit the  interests of our users, to measure traffic ,to improve the quality,  functionality and interactivity and to let the advertisers know the  geographic locations from where our visitors come.

C.  Inferred Information through usage and log data
We may  track certain information about you based upon your behaviour on the  DB Services We use this information for conducting internal research  on our users' demographics, devices, interests, and behaviour to  better understand, protect and serve our users. 
We may  also collect Your Information to track user behaviour and preferences  for internal analytics and research. We may also use your  information: 


   To  	evaluate your interest for various genres of content, services,  	offers; 

    To  	perform analytics and conduct customer research, to determine your  	interest, for identifying content that generate sales and to analyse  	traffic patterns.

If you  choose to post messages on social media accounts, message boards,  chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback, we will collect  that information you provide to us. We retain this information as  necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and  troubleshoot problems as permitted by law.
If you  send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if  other users or third parties send us correspondence about your  activities or postings on the DB Services, we may collect and store  such information.
Information  we collect from third parties
A.   Information obtained from other Sources
We  may receive information about you from other online sources. We may  add it to our account information system and treat it in accordance  with this policy. If you provide information to the platform provider  or other partner to whom we provide services, your account  information including may be passed on to us. We may obtain updated  contact information(s) from third parties in order to correct our  records and fulfil the Services or to communicate with you or share  the information with any third party.
If you  link, connect or login to your DB Services account with a third party  service. For E.g. Google or Facebook may send us information such as  your registered e-mail id and public profile information from the  service as stated above
B.  Third Party Data Policy
a) This  app contains a software development kit (“SDK”) from a third  party, Red Brick Lane Marketing Solutions Private Limited (“RBL”).  The SDK is integrated with this app for the purposes of profiling the  device on media consumption and other device data and utilizing the  same to target relevant content and ads to the device (“Services”)  pursuant to the terms and conditions of RBL Services. Further details  can be obtained at http://www.zapr.in/privacy/.
b) If you  do not wish for RBL to identify media content viewing around your  mobile device, please opt out of all RBL Services via the following  link: http://www.zapr.in/privacy/.
c) RBL  does not collect any personally identifiable information or  calls/audio/video/image/contact from your mobile device. For any  questions or clarifications please reach out to: privacy@zapr.in.
d) RBL  also automatically receives and tracks certain data about your mobile  device (such as your device-type, installed software and language  preference) or desktop interface; and may create a unique device or  user ID for you. In some cases, RBL can automatically detect or infer  your location using GPS, your IP address, etc., but often your  operating system will require you to grant RBL permission to access  your GPS settings; please refer to your device’s system settings  regarding location services.
Purposes  and Lawfulness of processing
We  will only collect and process personal data about you where we have  lawful basis. Lawful basis on which we would process our personal  information includes obtaining explicit consent from you for  processing your personal information or processing for “legitimate  interests” where processing is necessary by us to provide you with  services (For e.g. processing your information by our group  companies/affiliates).
We  use information to provide, analyse, administer, enhance and  personalize our service and marketing efforts, to process your  registration, to provide you services, and to communicate with you  related to below mentioned points. For example, we use information  to:


    Analyse  	and understand our audience, improve our service (including our user  	interface experiences),recommendation algorithms and delivery which  	may require sharing personal information with our group companies  	and affiliates or third party service providers

    To  	help advertisers understand our audience and confirm the value of  	advertising on our websites or Applications (however it is usually  	in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages  	within our site) and to provide you relevant ads

Communicate  	with you concerning our service (for example by email, push  	notifications), so that we can send you news about DB, details about  	new features and content available on the  	DB Services,promotional  	announcements, and surveys, and to assist you with operational  	requests such as password reset requests. 

Notify  	you about changes in terms of service or privacy policy

Allow  	you to participate in interactive features offered through our  	Services

Sharing  	with our customer support team to resolve your queries/concerns  	related to your rights or services provided to you

How  your information is used for Advertising 
We use  third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit or use  our website, mobile application or services. These companies may use  information (not including your name, address, email address or  telephone number or other personally identifiable information) about  your visits or use to particular website, mobile application or  services, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services  of interest to you.
Services  may include links to other websites or applications. Such websites or  applications are governed by their respective privacy policies, and  are beyond our reasonable control. Once you leave our server (you can  recognize your location by checking the URL in location bar on your  browser), any kind of information provided by you is governed by the  privacy policy of the operator of the applications/website(s) you are  visiting. Their policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the  privacy policy of any of these applications/websites via a link from  the application's homepage, you should contact the application  owner(s) directly for more information.

  Presentation of  information to our advertisers for helping them to understand our  audience(s) and to know the value of advertising on our websites or  applications, is usually in form of aggregated statistics on traffic  to various pages / content within our websites or Applications.

  We  do not provide any personally identifiable information to any third  party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without obtaining your  consent.



Information  Use by the Company
The  Information supplied by you enables us to improve our services and  provide you the most user-friendly experience(s). In some cases for  e.g. provision of certain service(s) or utility (ies), we may require  your contact information as well. All required information is service  dependent and the Company may use the above said user Information to,  maintain, protect, and improve the Services (including advertising on  the "Application") and for developing new services. We may  also use your email address or other personally identifiable  information to send commercial or marketing messages with your  consent [with an option to withdraw your consent (wherever  feasible)]. 
  Any personally identifiable information provided by  you will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and  / or accessible in the public domain like any comments, messages,  blogs, scribbles available on social platforms like Facebook, twitter  etc.
Any  posted/uploaded/conveyed/communication by users on the public  sections of the "Application/Websites" becomes published  content and is not considered personally identifiable information  subject to this Privacy Policy.

  In case you choose to decline  to submit personally identifiable information on the  Application/Websites, we may not be able to provide certain services  on the Application/Websites to you. We will make reasonable efforts  to notify you of the same at the time of opening your account. In any  case, we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of  certain services to you for lack of you providing the necessary  personal information.

  When you register with the Application  or Services, we contact you from time to time about updating your  personal information to provide you features that we believe may  benefit / interest you.


  Disclosure  of Information to Third Parties
  The  Company shares your information with any third parties without  obtaining the prior consent of User in the following limited  circumstances: 


a) When it  is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental  agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of  identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including  cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These  disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is  reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms or for complying with  the applicable laws and regulations.


b) The  Company proposes to share such information within its group companies  and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of  processing personal information on its behalf. We also ensure that  these recipients of such information agree to process such  information based on our instructions and in compliance with this  Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security  measures.


c) The  Company may present information to our advertisers - to help them  understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our  websites or Applications – however it is usually in the form of  aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site.


d) The  Company may share your information regarding your activities on  websites or Applications with third party social websites to populate  your social wall that is visible to other people however you will  have an option to set your privacy settings, where you can decide  what you would like to share or not to share with others.
Your  Controls and Choices

  A.  Accessing and Rectifying your personal information
  When  you use the Services Website/application (or any of its sub sites),  we make good faith efforts to provide you, as and when requested by  you, with access to your personal information and shall further  ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or  information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or  amended as feasible. We ask individual users to identify themselves  and the information requested to be accessed or corrected before  processing such requests. We may decline to process requests that are  unreasonably repetitive or systematic, requiring disproportionate  technical effort, jeopardizing the privacy of others, or would be  extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information  residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise  required. In any case, where we provide information access and  correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing  so would require a disproportionate effort. You can make such  requests by sending us an e-mail
B.  Data Portability
You may  also be entitled to request copies of personal information that you  have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and  machine-readable format; wherever feasible.
 C.  Data Retention  and Erasure
We  retain your personal information as long as necessary for us to  provide services to you or you ask us to not retain your data. If you  no longer want us to use your information then you can request that  we erase your personal information and close your DB Services  account. Please note that if you request for the erasure of your  personal information;


We  	may retain some of your personal information as necessary for our  	legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and  	prevention and enhancing safety. For example, if we suspend a DB  	Services account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain  	information from that account to prevent that user from opening a  	new account in the future.

We  	may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary  	to comply with our legal obligations. For example, we may keep some  	of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing  	obligations.

Information  	you have shared with others (e.g., Reviews, forum postings) may  	continue to be publicly visible on the DB Services,  	even after your account is cancelled. However, attribution of such  	information to you will be removed. Additionally, some copies of  	your information (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but  	are disassociated from personal identifiers.

    Because  	of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your  	information, residual copies may take a period of time before they  	are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup  	systems.

 D.  Withdrawing Consent and Restriction of Processing
For  withdrawing your consent at any time during the tenure of your  services with us, you may choose to do so by sending us an e-mail. We  shall review your request and may ask you to verify your identity.  Post verification we will withdraw the consent for which request was  made by you and stop any further processing of your personal  information
E.  Complaints
You  can write to us in case of any grievance or compliant at the support  e-mail address. If you have any complaints regarding processing of  your personal information you may contact our data protection officer  at the below mentioned e-mail address. You have the right to  complaint about the data processing activities carried out by DB  before the competent data protection authorities.
 F.  Objection to Processing
Where  your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes  or any contests or promotions or other services, you may, at any time  ask us to cease processing your data for these direct marketing  purposes by sending an e-mail to us 
Please  be aware that if you do not allow us to collect personal information  from you, we may not be able to deliver certain experiences, and  services to you, and some of our services may not be able to take  account of your interests and preferences. If collection of personal  information is mandatory, we will make that clear at the point of  collection so that you can make an informed decision whether to  participate.  If you have questions about the specific personal  information about you that we process or retain, and your rights  regarding that personal information, please contact us at the below  mentioned e-mail address
Children’s  Privacy
DB  Corp Ltd. is not intentionally designed for or directed at persons  less than 16 years of age. DB Corp Ltd. does not knowingly permit any  person who is under 16 years of age to register with the services or  to provide any other personally identifying information. If DB Corp  Ltd. becomes aware that any personally identifiable information of  persons less than 16 years of age has been collected on the DB  Services without verified parental consent, then DB Corp Ltd. will  take the appropriate steps to delete any such information and notify  the parent. 
However,  we consider it the responsibility of parents to monitor their  children’s use of our services. Nevertheless, it is our policy not  to collect and process any personal information from children below  16 years of age or offer to send any promotional materials to persons  in that category. DB Corp Ltd. does not seek or intend to seek or  receive any personal information from children. Should a parent or  guardian have reasons to believe that a minor has provided DB Corp  Ltd. with personal information without their prior consent, please  contact our customer support team to ensure that the personal  information is removed from the DB Services.
Data  transfer, storage & processing globally 
We  operate globally and may transfer your personal information to  individual companies of the DB Corp Ltd. affiliated companies or  third parties in locations around the world for the purposes  described in this privacy policy. Wherever your personal information  is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable  steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information.  Additionally, when using or disclosing personal information  transferred from the European Union, we use standard contractual  clauses approved by the European Commission, adopt other means under  European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards.
 Security  and Compliance with Laws
We take  appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access  to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.  These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and  processing practices and security measures, including appropriate  encryption and physical security measures to guard against  unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. All  information gathered is securely stored within the Company controlled  database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall  on the cloud; access to the servers is password-protected and is  strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are,  no security system is impenetrable. If you know or have reason to  believe that your DB Services account credentials have been lost,  stolen, altered, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or  suspected unauthorized use of your account, please contact us by  contacting our customer support team.

  Changes  in the Policy


The  internet is an ever evolving medium. We may alter our privacy policy  from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in technology,  applicable law or any other variant. In any case, we reserve the  right to change (at any point of time) the terms of this Privacy  Policy or the Terms of Use. Any changes we make will be effective  immediately on notice, which we may provide by posting the new policy  on the "Application".  We  will not be under an obligation to notify you of any changes to this  privacy policy except if the changes made to the policy significantly  affects your rights or as may be required by law. We may also make  reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail. In any case,  you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the  "Application") to ensure that you are aware of the latest  version.

  Contact  Information


Support

If  you require any information or clarification regarding the use of  your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with  respect to use of your personal information, please email us at  dainiksupport@dainikbhaskar.com


Data  	Controller Officer

The  data controller for the DB Services is DB Corp Ltd. with the  registered address at: Plot no.280, Sarkhej Gandhinagar Highway near  YMCA club, Makarba Ahmedabad Gujarat and corporate office at FC10  &11, Film city Sector 16A, NOIDA, U.P.-20130.
The  data protection officer (DPO) appointed by DB Corp Ltd. is Mr. Raunak  Gupta who can be contacted at dpo@dainikbhaskar.com


 Complaints

If  you have any queries, complaints regarding the collecting,  processing, transfer of personal data/information or regarding this  policy please do contact our Data Protection Officer.
Redressal  Mechanism:
Any  complaint, abuse or concern with regards to the processing of  information provided by you or breach of these terms shall have to be  immediately informed to our Data Protection Officer via email signed  with the electronic signature at the e-mail address divyasupport@dainikbhaskar.com
We request  you to please provide the following information in your complaint:-
a)  Identification of the information provided by you;
  b) Clear  statement as to whether the information is personal information or  sensitive personal information;
  c) Your address, telephone number  or e-mail address;
  d) A statement that you have a good-faith  belief that the information has been processed incorrectly or  disclosed without authorization, as the case may be;
  e) A  statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the  notice is accurate, and that the information being complained about  belongs to you;
  f) You may also contact us in case you have any  questions / suggestions about the Privacy Policy using the contact  information mentioned above. The company shall not be responsible for  any communication, if addressed, to any non-designated person in this  regard.
