
Booking Terms and Conditions
General
"LateRooms" means Late Rooms Limited, a private limited company with company number 03816947. Registered address The Peninsula Building, Victoria Place, Manchester, M4 4FB, UK. VAT registration number 223 0886 23. LateRooms acts as booking agent for the hotels and other service providers advertised on the website www.laterooms.com (the "Site"). The Site is owned, operated and provided by LateRooms. In these Booking Terms and Conditions references to 'we' or 'us' or 'our' are references to LateRooms and references to 'you' or 'your' are references to Site users and/or visitors.
By using, browsing and/or visiting the Site (either via a mobile, desktop or any other platform including personal tablets) you acknowledge that you have read and agree to these Booking Terms and Conditions, our Website Terms of Use, and our Privacy and Cookie Policy ("Terms") and you expressly consent and agree to be bound by the Terms, as may be amended from time to time, and all applicable laws and regulations that govern this Site and your booking.
Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our Terms before using the Site. They may have been amended since your last visit. Your attention is drawn in particular to the section below called ‘Our Liability’.If you do not agree to our Terms please do not visit our Site. The Terms shall also apply where bookings are taken via the telephone by one of our contact centre staff members.
Occasionally additional terms and conditions may apply, for example if you enter competitions or use our interactive services. Do not worry, the relevant terms and conditions will always be made clear at the time.
References to "accommodation providers" means the owner/providers of the hotels, apartments, villas and other accommodation of any description featured on the Site and "accommodation" means the accommodation including all facilities and services advertised on our Site that we have agreed to arrange in connection with your confirmed booking.
Affiliates are third parties who, in agreement with LateRooms distribute LateRooms accommodation to their customers.
Back to the top
Important Information - Our Liability
Your attention is particularly drawn to this section
LateRooms provides an online platform for you to browse and search accommodation, and acts as booking agent only in respect of bookings we make on your behalf. By booking accommodation on our Site you will be entering into a contractual relationship with the accommodation provider, we act solely as an intermediary and agent. 
LateRooms shall not be liable for any losses, expenses or damages of any sort due to you as a result of the acts, errors, omissions, breaches, negligence, fraudulent intent, misleading or untrue statements, breach of contract, breach of statutory duty, wilful misconduct or any other tortious act attributable either wholly or in part to accommodation providers or any other independent business or suppliers of services who sell their products and services through us, which includes their employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives or affiliates. This means that in the event of you suffering personal injury, illness or death as a result of any act or omission of an accommodation provider or other supplier of services (or their employees or agents) or you have any complaint about the quality of the services provided or having any other complaint at all, your sole right of redress will be against the independent third party who provided such service and LateRooms will be under no liability at all (whether in contract, tort or otherwise). 
Without prejudice to the above, in the event that we are found liable to you on any basis whatsoever, our maximum liability to you is limited to the price you paid for your booking (or the appropriate proportion of this if not everyone on the booking is affected).
You understand that we may not have conducted any quality or other checks on the accommodation providers and we make no representations about the suitability of the accommodation and/or services offered for sale through the Site. The inclusion or offering for sale of accommodation and/or services by LateRooms does not constitute an express or implied endorsement or recommendation by LateRooms of such accommodation or services. We do not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim liability for any inaccuracies relating to the accommodation and services offered for sale through us. We shall not be liable for any damages arising as a result of any inaccurate information or errors on our Site which relate to accommodation information. We shall not be liable to you for any losses in the event of accommodation providers overbooking, cancelling bookings in full or in part, force majeure events or any other cause beyond our or their control. 
You accept that we have not in any way selected or assembled your travel arrangements for you. Your accommodation arrangements are not a package and do not fall within the definition of a “package” set out in The Package Travel And Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018.
By proceeding to book accommodation and/or other services with us, the lead booker agrees on behalf of all persons detailed on the booking that:


                        he/she has read these Booking Terms and Conditions and has the authority to and does agree to be bound by them; 
                    

                        he/she consents to our use of personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy and is authorised on behalf of all persons named on the booking to disclose their personal details to us, including where applicable, special categories of data (such as information on health conditions or disabilities and dietary requirements); 
                    

                        he/she is over 18 years of age and resident in the United Kingdom and where placing an order for services with age restrictions declares that he/she and all members of the party are of the appropriate age to purchase those services;
                    

                        he/she accepts financial responsibility for payment of the booking on behalf of all persons detailed on the booking;
                    

                        he/she accepts that they will be entering into a contract with the accommodation provider on their standard terms and conditions. 
                    

If they are provided, we will endeavour (but undertake no liability to do so) to make copies of the accommodation provider's terms and conditions available to the lead booker.  Please review the accommodation information for any applicable terms and conditions.
Where you, or any of the people that you are booking on behalf of, are in breach of any of the provisions of these Terms or contravention of any laws or rights of a third party, we reserve the right to cancel your booking without refund or compensation in any way and recover from you any costs incurred as a result of your behaviour.
Notwithstanding the above, nothing in these Terms shall, nor shall be deemed to exclude or limit the liability of LateRooms for any death or personal injury caused as a result of our negligence, or the negligence of our employees or for fraudulent misrepresentation. 
Back to the top
Accommodation information
Any information placed on the Site relating to accommodation advertised on the Site including, but without limitation; details of the accommodation, the availability of rooms at the accommodation, the price of the rooms, the facilities available at the accommodation, any accreditations afforded to the accommodation such as a star rating,  details relating to any other services advertised on the Site have been placed on the Site by accommodation and/or other service providers who are independent businesses and are not agents or employees of LateRooms or its affiliates. Such information does not constitute any advice or recommendation given by LateRooms and LateRooms shall not be held liable for inaccuracies or errors (including obvious manifest or typographical errors) in the accommodation information or any of its elements including rates and availability. These independent businesses provide the services in accordance with their own terms and conditions which may limit or exclude their liability to you. 
IMPORTANT: Please note in particular that any accreditations or descriptions of quality such as a star rating have been placed on the Site by accommodation providers and not by us. We do not independently verify star ratings and the star is only indicative of what level of quality you can expect from a particular accommodation provider. For more information about star ratings, please see our Star Rating Guide 
As LateRooms acts only as a booking agent we will have no responsibility for any errors or inaccuracies in any documentation supplied by the accommodation providers.
Rates shown on our Site are per room per night, (and not per person).  It is your responsibility to check the total price before completing the booking form.  Rates are entered onto our Site by accommodation providers and not by us.
Obvious errors and mistakes (including misprints and typographical errors) are not binding. In the event of an error or mistake being made, we or the accommodation provider reserve the right to cancel your booking and refund all monies paid (if relevant), this will be without any liability to you. We will make all reasonable effort to advise you of any cancelled bookings as soon as possible.
In the event that your booking is cancelled, please contact us and we shall reasonably assist in locating alternative accommodation. You will then have the choice of accepting the offered alternative or your booking will be cancelled with a full refund of all monies paid (if relevant).
Back to the top
Booking accommodation or other services
Important: Unless otherwise agreed with LateRooms, our Site and the services we offer on it are made available to you for personal and non-commercial use only and you may not use the information or services on our Site for any competitive or commercial activity. You may not offer for re-sale any accommodation that appears on our Site without our express permission. 
How to book accommodation or other services
Simply search for your chosen destination and dates, select your preferred accommodation provider and proceed to the final booking page. Please ensure you carefully check the dates, the price, the destination and the accommodation provider details before proceeding with your booking.
Bookings may be made by following the online booking procedure where applicable.
To make a booking you will be asked to submit personal information, about yourself such as your name, email address, physical address telephone number and credit card details ("Personal Information"). Whenever you provide such Personal Information, LateRooms will collate and use such Personal Information in accordance with the LateRooms "Privacy Policy", a copy of which is available here. Please read this in full before providing any Personal Information to LateRooms. 
You hereby authorise LateRooms to process all Personal Information about you and the persons named on the booking that has been obtained in connection with your booking. Personal information shall be deemed to include, but not be limited to: any telephone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses, addresses of residences, signatures, ID or passport copies, or any other information belonging to you or your group.
The Personal Information that LateRooms collects shall be obtained, processed and transmitted in compliance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679), as well as any other such legislation that substitutes, complements and develops it. For more information please refer to our Privacy Policy.
In the event that you call LateRooms by telephone, or are called by LateRooms regarding your booking, calls may be recorded for monitoring and training purposes. In the event of a dispute regarding a booking, LateRooms reserves the right to review any call information.
Special requests
COTS (UK) /CRIBS (US) - please advise at the time of booking if you require a cot or crib, in order that this information is given to the accommodation provider. We cannot guarantee this request will be met. Such requests will be subject to availability and if the accommodation is unable to meet any such request, neither LateRooms, nor the accommodation, will have any liability to you in this respect. This request may only be available at an additional cost unless otherwise expressly stated in the description of the accommodation provider, and if any additional cost is applicable this should be paid by you direct to the accommodation provider.
Special access requirements:
If you have special requirements, such as needing a room with wheelchair access, please contact us before making your booking so that we can ensure that your needs can be meet. Please note that all such special requests are subject to availability and LateRooms cannot guarantee that all accommodation providers will be able to meet your needs. Once you have booked your accommodation, depending on the cancellation policy of the applicable accommodation provider, your booking may be refunded, cancelled, modified or you may be offered alternative accommodation if your request cannot be met. 
Price promise:
LateRooms also offer all of our customers a price promise should you find the same accommodation available elsewhere for a cheaper rate.  For more information and the full terms and conditions attached to our price promise please follow this link -  help.laterooms.com/hc/en-gb/articles/115001406005-The-LateRooms-com-Price-Promise. 
Back to the top
Confirmation
To confirm a booking, you must be authorised to make the booking by all persons named on the booking and their parent or guardian for all party members who are under 18 when the booking is made. By making the booking, you are confirming that all persons named on the booking accept the Terms and that you will inform the other persons named on the booking of the confirmation details and any other appropriate information. By making the booking you also become responsible for making all payments due under the booking.
The display of hotel rooms for sale on our Site is an invitation to treat only.
By clicking the ‘Accept’ button you agree to these Terms. By completing and submitting the booking form you are making an offer to book temporary accommodation room nights, which if accepted by accommodation providers, will result in a binding contract made between you and the accommodation provider.  
Neither completing the booking process or otherwise placing a booking constitutes acceptance of your offer on our behalf.  We will send you an email confirmation following your booking on behalf of the accommodation provider confirming acceptance of your offer and forming the legally binding contract subject to any applicable terms and conditions of these Terms. 
LateRooms will never take payment; the card details requested are simply passed to the accommodation providers to secure and guarantee your booking. Your credit or debit card details may be used by some accommodation providers to carry out pre-authorisation checks.  The details may also then be used by accommodation providers to take advance payment or a cancellation fee or no show fee, if applicable. If you have booked an advance purchase rate, the accommodation provider will be allowed to charge the entire amount of the booking to the credit/debit card upon receiving the confirmation of the booking. We will only ever ask you to provide us with your card details in a secure environment. You should never email your card details to us. 
Where accommodation providers process your credit or debit card details in connection with the provision of a booking, they will be bound to obtain and maintain any necessary accreditation required to provide payment processing services to you and shall be obliged to operate in accordance with the standards outlined in Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS) published on the website www.pcisecuritystandards.org. You acknowledge that the accommodation provider rather than LateRooms is responsible for the security of cardholder data it possesses.
Where a pre-authorisation check has been attempted and the card details provided are shown to not have sufficient funds, or the pre-authorisation fails for any other reason, the accommodation providers and/or we will attempt to contact you in order that you can provide an alternative method of payment. Should you not respond to our emails within 48 hours accommodation providers reserve the right to cancel your booking and release your room for re-sale 
Back to the top
If you cancel, amend or change a booking
You may modify or cancel your booking at any time prior to your arrival date through the Site.
If you cancel or amend your booking, there may be a cancellation charge or amendment fee levied by the accommodation or other service provider. In any event, if you fail to cancel or amend your booking in accordance with the accommodation provider's cancellation or amendment policy, you will be charged a cancellation or amendment fee by the accommodation or other service provider. Further details of cancellation policy are set out in our email to you confirming your booking and are also shown on the hotel's room details page prior to you making a booking.
If, for whatsoever reason, you do not turn up at the accommodation on the arrival date stated on your booking confirmation email, without prior warning to LateRooms ("a no show"), this shall be considered a cancellation. Accommodation providers may charge you a cancellation fee using the credit or debit card details that you provided to use when securing your booking, which we then pass on to our accommodation provider partners. 
If you fail to arrive at your accommodation on time on the day of your reservation and do not tell the accommodation provider in advance, the accommodation provider may cancel the remaining days on your reservation and you may be charged a cancellation fee, please see details in the accommodation providers’ cancellation policy for details.
The accommodation provider’s cancellation policy will continue to apply even after your arrival at your hotel. So for example, should you decide to shorten the duration of your stay, such a request will be dealt with at the discretion of the accommodation provider, and not by us in our capacity as the booking agent.   If you amend your booking in this way there may be a cancellation fee levied by the accommodation provider and you should refer to the provider’s cancellation policy for more details. 
Where the accommodation provider requires a minimum stay for rooms attracting a certain price, this will be clearly stated on our Site prior to booking. 
Some accommodation providers may also charge additional fees for early check in or late check out. Please check the accommodation details thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation. 
Advanced purchase bookings will attract full pre-payment at the time of booking. This payment and/or bookings cannot be amended, refunded or transferred in the event of cancellation. 
Back to the top
Age and responsibility
You warrant that you are 18 years of age or over and have legal capacity to use the Site and to create a legally binding contract with the relevant accommodation provider. You warrant that all Personal Information submitted during accommodation booking is correct and you accept financial responsibility for all transactions made under your name or account. You undertake that the credit or debit card you use to secure your booking is your own and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the booking you make with us.  In the event that you suspect credit or debit card fraud or unauthorised use of your card by third parties, you should contact your bank or card issuer immediately. 
Back to the top
Before you travel
LateRooms is not liable for damages or losses that may result from travel to any particular destination. The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office help travellers stay safe overseas. Check the government website at https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice for the latest advice on conditions and general information concerning specific countries before making any travel arrangements.  By displaying accommodation in particular destinations, LateRooms does not represent or warrant that travel to such destination is either advisable or risk-free.
It is your responsibility to ensure you have the relevant travel and health documents before departure for the country you are visiting, which shall include, but is not limited to, any inoculations that may be required, ID's and passport, any visa requirements. LateRooms shall not be liable for any expense incurred resulting from your missing, incomplete or incorrect documentation or any non-compliance with requirements.
Back to the top
Insurance
You are strongly advised to take out adequate travel insurance prior to arriving in your destination. It is your responsibility to check you have adequate insurance cover. The insurance should cover, amongst other things, the cost of cancellation by you, personal losses, all medical costs and the costs of assistance including return to the UK in the event of an accident or illness.
Back to the top
Force Majeure
LateRooms.com will not be liable for any changes, cancellation, effect on your booking, loss or damage suffered by you or for any failure by the accommodation providers and/or LateRooms to perform or properly perform any of our respective obligations to you which is due to any event(s) or circumstance(s) if the non performance is caused by force majeure. By way of example force majeure includes, but is not limited to, warfare and acts of terrorism (and threat thereof, civil strife, significant risks to human health such as the outbreak of serious disease at the travel destination or natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes or weather conditions which make it impossible to travel safely to the travel destination or remain at the travel destination,  the act of any government or other national or local authority including port or river authorities, industrial dispute, labour strikes, lock closure, natural or nuclear disaster, fire, chemical or biological disaster, unavoidable technical problems with transport and all similar events outside our or the accommodation provider’s control.
Brexit Implications:  please note that certain travel arrangements may be affected as a result of the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the European Union. Please rest assured that this is something we will continue to monitor and will advise our customers as soon as possible if we become aware of any confirmed bookings that will be affected. However, since this is something which is completely unprecedented and outside our control, we would treat any such changes as Force Majeure, and whilst we will endeavour to provide suitable alternative arrangements or refunds where possible, we will not be liable to pay you any compensation.
Back to the top
Complaints or issues with your accommodation
In the unlikely event that you have reason to complain or experience any problems with your accommodation please inform the accommodation reception staff or management immediately, to enable them to take appropriate action.  As stated above, accommodation providers (and not LateRooms) are responsible for the information they upload to our Site including descriptions of the accommodation and/or services offered.  If you think that the accommodation does not match the description you saw on the Site please address your complaints to the accommodation staff during your stay.
Back to the top
Foreign Exchange Rates
Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and are only updated daily; as such they cannot be guaranteed as completely accurate and should be used as guidelines only. Actual rates may vary and you may wish to verify these with a qualified professional. When the payment is made in a currency other than the one used by accommodation providers, please be advised that variations in the applicable exchange rate may trigger a variation in the price to be, or actually, paid.
Back to the top
Legislation and Courts of Jurisdiction
This agreement and these Terms will be governed by English law and any disputes will be dealt with exclusively by the English courts.
Back to the top
Miscellaneous
You agree that financial compensation alone may not be adequate for us if there is a breach or threatened breach of our Terms and that we are entitled to seek all remedies available to us.  Each right or remedy of you and us in respect of these Terms shall not affect any other right or remedy of us whether under these Terms or otherwise. The rights and remedies provided under this agreement are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law.
In the event that any provision of these Terms is found by a court or administrative body to be unenforceable, that provision shall not be a part of these Terms and the remaining provisions shall continue to apply.
Nothing under the Terms shall give rights to any person who is not a party to it (whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999) or otherwise.
If you or LateRooms waive any rights in result of a breach or default under, any part of these Terms by the other will not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. Further it will not affect the other Terms unless expressly confirmed in writing by the party waiving its rights.
LateRooms reserves the right to change our Terms at any time. We shall post such updated Terms on our Site and your continued use of our Site shall be deemed acceptance of such updated Terms.
Our Site booking services are available in English, Spanish, French, Italian and German. The original English version of these Terms may have been translated into other languages. The translated versions of these Terms are provided as a courtesy and for information purposes only.  In the event of a dispute or conflict between the English version of these Terms and any other language versions, the English version shall prevail and shall be conclusive and binding.  The English version shall be used in legal proceedings.
Back to the top

                    Website Terms of Use
                

                    This website is owned and operated by LateRooms (“the Company”).  “LateRooms” means Late Rooms Limited, a private limited company. Registered address, The Peninsula Building, Victoria Place, Manchester, M4 4FB. LateRooms acts as a booking agent for the hotels and other service providers advertised on the website www.laterooms.com (the “Site”). In these terms, references to ‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’ are references to LateRooms and references to ‘you’ or ‘you’ are references to Site users and/or visitors.
                

                    Access to and use of any information on this website is conditional on your acceptance of these Website Terms of Use, our Booking Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy (“the Conditions”). We recommend you read them carefully and print out and keep a copy of them for your future reference. If you do not wish to accept any part of these Conditions then you may not use our website. 
                

                    Please Note:
                    When you visit our website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating electronically.  We will also communicate with you by e-mail.  You agree that all notices, agreements, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any requirement that such communications be in writing.
                
Back to the top

Access to the Site


                    We may change the arrangements for access to, or even withdraw access to our Site on a temporary or permanent basis and reserve the right to do so, without telling you in advance. We cannot guarantee that our Site will be uninterrupted or that you will always be able to gain reliable access to our Site and we make no guarantees as to its operation, functionality or otherwise. LateRooms has no obligation to reimburse or compensate you for the period in which access to the site was suspended.
                

                    Without prejudice to any of our other rights, we reserve the right to deny access to this Site and/or cancel bookings and/or remove any postings or material uploaded by you to our Site and/or take legal proceedings against you for the reimbursement of all costs wherever and whenever LateRooms believes that you are in breach of any of the LateRooms terms.
                Back to the top

Site Use


                    By using this website, you warrant to us that:
                


                        You will not use this website or any material or information on it for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Conditions;
                    

                        You are at least 18 years old and have the legal authority to use this website in accordance with these Conditions;
                    

                        You agree to be financially responsible for all charges, fees and other sums of whatever nature which arise out of your use of this website;
                    

                        All information that you provide about yourself and about anyone else shall be true and accurate.
                    

  
                    You shall not:
                


                        Post, transmit or disseminate any information on or via this Site which is or may be harmful, obscene, threatening, deceptive, degrading, defamatory or otherwise illegal or may cause infringement of the rights of any other;
                    

                        Make any bookings or reservations on this Site with the purpose of reselling such booking or reservation to or for the benefit of a third party;
                    

                        Use any software, routine or device to interfere or attempt to interfere electronically or manually with the operation or functionality of this Site including, but not limited to, uploading or making available files containing corrupt data or viruses via whatever means;
                    

                        Deface, alter or interfere with the appearance and layout of this Site, any documents or materials which appear on our Site or the underlying software code;
                    

                        Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on this Site or related infrastructure;
                    

                        Use the whole or any part of our Site or its contents for any commercial or money-making purpose;
                    

                        Access parts of the Site which are not intended for public use;
                    

                        Probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our Site or any network connected to it;
                    

                        Use any device to obtain any personal or confidential information through our Site;
                    

                        Deep-link to, copy, monitor, display, download or reproduce any part of our Site (without express permission to do so)
                    


                    Some of the acts described above may be criminal acts under the Computer Misuse Act 1990
                
Back to the top

Copyright Notice


                    All content of this website (such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations and software) is our exclusive property or that of our content suppliers (if applicable) and is, unless specifically stated otherwise, protected by copyright or similar ownership rights. It is published by us and may not be reproduced other than by downloading and viewing on a single computer and/or printing a single hard copy, for private purposes only. It is not to be otherwise reproduced, transmitted, made available on a network or used to create derivative works without our prior written consent. All rights are reserved.
                

                    The trade marks, logos and service marks shown on our website, unless otherwise specified, are our intellectual property. No rights are granted to use any of them without our prior written consent. 
                
Back to the top

Website Content

            
                    We are an English registered Company.  Our business and the services we offer are governed by the applicable laws of England and Wales except where otherwise stated in our booking conditions.  No warranties, promises and/or representations of any kind, express or implied, are given as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the material or information contained on this website (in accordance with English law or with any laws of any other country) or as to the nature, standard, suitability or otherwise of any services offered by us or on our behalf. 
                
            
                    We shall not be liable for any loss or damage or other sum or claim of any nature whatsoever (direct, indirect, consequential or other) which arises, directly or indirectly, in connection with this website. 
                
 
                    The information contained on this website may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical and other errors. The information on these pages may be updated from time to time and may at times be out of date. If any price or other information is obviously incorrect, we will not be bound by it. You must ensure you check all details of the chosen arrangements (including the price) with us at the time of booking.
                
 
                    Occasionally, we may upload traveller reviews, blogs and recommendations on to our website. Such reviews and blogs are the personal opinions of the author of said content and not that of the Company. We take no responsibility and accept no liability in relation to these reviews, blogs, recommendations or other similar content on the website, or any resulting acts, omissions or losses incurred. 
                
 
                    This website may contain links to other websites. Except where they belong to us, such other websites are not under our control or maintained by us. We are not responsible for the content of such websites. We provide these links for your convenience only but do not monitor or endorse the material on them. We cannot accept any liability in relation to any such other websites or in relation to any material or information appearing on them or which you may otherwise come across after leaving our site by way of a hypertext link or any other means.
                
 
                    This website or any part of it (or any websites that are linked to this website) may not be compatible with your browser or computer configuration and we make no warranty that it is. We make no warranty that your access to our website will be uninterrupted, timely or error free. It is your responsibility to ensure you carry out sufficient checks (including virus checks) to satisfy your particular requirements.
                
Back to the top

User Reviews

              
                    Occasionally, we may allow users to upload comments, videos, photographs, reviews, blog entries and other material in relation to travel or other holiday services. Where you upload such materials, you disclaim any proprietary or other rights you may have in the materials, and agree that such materials can be freely used by the Company for any reason whatsoever, without your permission. 
                
 
                    You agree that, at the date of posting, the material submitted by you is appropriate and accurate. You warrant that the material is not misleading, defamatory, untrue, malicious, offensive or abusive. You agree that you will not post any information or material that is owned by another third party without their express authority to do so. 
                
 
                    You agree to indemnify the Company for the full amount of all damages, losses, costs and expenses in (including legal costs)  in relation to claims brought by any third party against the Company arising out of or in connection with breach of these Conditions in relation to the materials.
                
 
                    The Company reserves the right to refuse to post or remove (without notice) any materials for any reason at its sole discretion. 
                
Back to the top

Law and Jurisdiction


                    Access to this website is conditional on your agreement that all information contained in it and all matters which arise between you and us will be governed by English law. Access is further conditional on your agreement that any dispute or matter which arises between you and us will be dealt with by the Courts of England and Wales only to the exclusion of the Courts of any other country. 
                

                    If any exclusion(s) or limitation(s) contained in these Conditions is found, in whole or part, to be unlawful, void or for any other reason unenforceable for any purpose(s), that exclusion(s) or limitation(s) or the part(s) in question shall be deemed severable and omitted from these Conditions for that purpose / those purposes. Such omission shall not affect the validity, effectiveness or enforceability of the other provisions of these Conditions.  
                

                    We may alter these terms and conditions at any time.  If we do so, all subsequent use of our website will be governed by the newer version.  You must check these terms and conditions regularly.
                
Back to the top
LateRooms.com Privacy Policy

                    Laterooms.com respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you purchase services from us, (regardless of where you are based) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. 
                

                    This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so that you can easily click through to the specific areas set out below.
                
 
                    Please also use refer to the Glossary that we have set out at the end of the Policy, if there is any terminology used in this privacy notice that you are unfamiliar with or that you don’t fully understand.
                
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy notice

                    This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Laterooms.com collects and processes your personal data, including any data you may provide through our website or over the telephone when you purchase travel services.
                

                    This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
                

                    It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them. 
                
Controller

                    Late Rooms Limited (trading as laterooms.com) (company number 03816947) with registered office The Peninsula Building, Victoria Place, Manchester, M4 4FB, UK  is the data controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “Laterooms.com”, "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice). Late Rooms Limited is part of the Malvern Travel Group of companies, which is made up of different legal entities, which include Malvern Travel Limited, Late Rooms Limited and Superbreak Mini Holidays Limited. 
                

                    We have appointed a data protection manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data protection manager using the details set out below.                     
                
Contact details
Our full details are:

                    You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
                
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes

                    This version was last updated on 6 April 2018 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
                

                    It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if any of the details you provide to us should change, during the course of your relationship with us.
                
Third-party links
   
                    This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
                
2. The data we collect about you

                    Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
                

                    We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
                


Identity Data

                            This includes data relating specifically to your identity, such as your first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
                        


Contact Data

                            This includes data relating to how you may be contacted, such as your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
                        


Financial Data

                            This include data relating to your means and methods of payment, such as your bank account and payment card details.
                        


Transaction Data

                            This includes data relating to the transactions you have carried out with us, such as details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
                        


Technical Data

                            This includes more technical data that we may obtain when you make use of our website, such as your internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. 
                        


Profile Data

                            This includes the data that we receive when you create a profile on our website and make use of that policy, such as your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses. 
                        


Usage Data

                            This includes information about how you use our website, products and services. 
                        


Marketing and Communications Data

                            This includes your preferences in relation to whether or not you want to receive marketing from us and our third parties and also your communication preferences.
                        



                    We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we will treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
                
If you fail to provide personal data
            
                    Where we need to collect personal data by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. 
                
            
                    In other words, where we require details from you in order to provide you with your chosen travel services, if you do not provide us with the necessary details then we will not be able to provide the services you have booked or are attempting to book.
                
            
                    In this case, depending upon when you fail to provide the necessary date, we may either not be able to process your booking or we may have to cancel your booking, in which case we will treat this as a ‘cancellation by you’ in accordance with our Booking Terms and Conditions.  We will notify you if we are unable to process a booking or are required to cancel a booking for this reason. 
                
3. How your personal data is collected
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:


Direct interactions

                            You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
                        

make a booking of accommodation or travel services;
create an account on our website;
subscribe to our newsletter or other publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey;
give us some feedback



Automated technologies or interactions

                            As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. 
                        

                            We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
                        


Third parties

                            We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:  
                        

Technical Data from the following parties:

analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
advertising networks such as Criteo based inside the EU; and
search information providers such as Google based outside the EU.



                        Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators such as Tripadvisor based outside the EU.
                    
4. How we use your personal data

                    We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
                


                        Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you; or to take steps to enter you into a contract with a third party;
                    

                        Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
                    

                        Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
                    


                    Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message, and where we send you third party marketing communications. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
                
Purposes for which we will use your personal data

                    We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
                

                    Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below. 
                
                
                    
                        
                            Purpose/Activity
                        
                        
                            Type of data
                        
                        
                            Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            To register you as a new customer.
                        
                        
                            (a) Identity; 
                            (b) Contact.
                        
                        
                            Performance of a contract with you.
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            To process and deliver your booking including:

                            (a) Manage payments, fees and charges;
                            (b) Collect and recover money owed to us.
                        
                        
                            (a) Identity; 
                            (b) Contact; 
                            (c) Financial; 
                            (d) Transaction. 
                        
                        
                            (a) Performance of a contract with you; 
                            (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us).
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            To manage our relationship with you which will include:

                            (a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy;
                            (b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey.
                        
                        
                            (a) Identity; 
                            (b) Contact; 
                            (c) Profile; 
                            (d) Marketing and Communications.
                        
                        
                            (a) Performance of a contract with you; 
                            (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation;
                            (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services).
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey.
                        
                        
                            (a) Identity; 
                            (b) Contact; 
                            (c) Profile; 
                            (d) Usage; 
                            (e) Marketing and Communications.
                        
                        
                            (a) Performance of a contract with you; 
                            (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business).
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data).  
                        
                        
                            (a) Identity;
                            (b) Contact;
                            (c) Technical.
                        
                        
                            (a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise);
                            (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you.
                        
                        
                            (a) Identity; 
                            (b) Contact; 
                            (c) Profile; 
                            (d) Usage; 
                            (e) Marketing and Communications; 
                            (f) Technical.
                        
                        
                            Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
                        
                        
                            (a) Technical;
                            (b) Usage.
                        
                        
                            Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
                        
                        
                            (a) Identity;
                            (b) Contact;
                            (c) Technical; 
                            (d) Usage; 
                            (e) Profile. 
                        
                        
                            Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            To monitor our communications with you to check any instructions given to us, for training purposes, for crime prevention, to improve the quality of our customer service and to defend legal claims.
                        
                        
                            (a) Identity. 
                        
                        
                            To monitor our communications with you to check any instructions given to us, for training purposes, for crime prevention, to improve the quality of our customer service and to defend legal claims.
                        
                    
                
                Marketing

                    We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
                
Promotional offers from us

                    We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing). 
                

                    You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
                
Third-party marketing

                    We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Malvern Travel group of companies for marketing purposes. 
                
Opting out

                    You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us at any time.
                

                    Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, product/service experience or other transactions.
                
Monitoring communications

                    We may monitor, record, store and use any telephone, email or other communication with you in order to check any instructions given to us, for training purposes, for crime prevention and to improve the quality of our customer service.
                
Cookies

                    You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.
                
Change of purpose

                    We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. 
                

                    If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.  
                

                    If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
                

                    Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
                
5. Disclosures of your personal data

                    We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above:
                

Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Specific third parties listed in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.


                    We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
                
6. International Transfers

                    Many of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. 
                
         
                    Where you have made a booking for accommodation or travel services which are located or otherwise due to be fulfilled outside the EEA, we are permitted to transfer your personal data to these suppliers outside the EEA in order to:
                


                        Fulfil the contract we have with you; or
                    

                        Where we act as agent, to place you into a contract with the supplier and so that the supplier can fulfil the contract they have with you. 
                    

 For all other transfers unrelated to the provision of accommodation/travel services to you, whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:


                        We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
                    

                        Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
                    

                        Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US.
                    

  Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
7. Data Security

                    We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.  
                

                    We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.   
                
8. Data Retention
How long will you use my personal data for?

                    We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. 
                

                    To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.  
                

                    By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years plus current after they cease being customers for legal and tax purposes.
                

                    In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information.
                
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. 
9. Your legal rights

                    Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights: 
                

Request access to your personal data
Request correction of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Request transfer of your personal data
Right to withdraw consent


                    If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. 
                
No fee usually required

                    You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
                
What we may need from you

                    We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
                
Time limit to respond

                    We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. 
                
10. Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS

Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.

THIRD PARTIES

Internal Third Parties: Other companies in the Malvern Group acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based in the United Kingdom and provide IT and system administration services and undertake leadership reporting;
External Third Parties: Service providers acting as processors based in the United Kingdom and the United States who provide IT and system administration services;
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United Kingdom who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services;
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances; 
Affiliates who, in agreement with LateRooms distribute LateRooms accommodation to their customers.

YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:

Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.

Back to the top
​Terms and Conditions of Hotel Reviews & Posting
You agree to post reviews and contributions in accordance with the following terms and conditions (“the Terms”). LateRooms reserves the right to vary the Terms from time to time and the Terms published at the time of browsing shall be those in effect.
Hotel Reviews

                    Only the opinions of a person, or people, who have actually stayed at the hotel(s) concerned may be submitted. You must accept all liability for the contents of all postings made by you, or on your behalf.
                

                    Please be aware that the hotel which you review will receive a preview of your comments 2 days prior to them appearing on the website. The hotelier may request your booking reference number in order to address your comments. In some circumstances this may affect your anonymity, but only with regard to the hotel you are reviewing. Your review may be withheld for up to fourteen days while LateRooms vet your comments prior to posting.
                

                    We will review all submissions for basic profanities and vulgar language and we reserve the right to remove (or not publish) comments at our discretion. We also reserve the right to identify you in response to a court order, threat of legal action or complaint.
                

                    If you believe that there is a review on LateRooms.com that should be removed due to the fact that it may offend or be illegal, please let us know and we will investigate and take action if appropriate.
                

                    Please be advised that any review that you post on LateRooms.com may be shared across all websites operated by Late Rooms Ltd and may be distributed to selected LateRooms partner websites.
                

                    Please be aware the name and location you choose in the reviews form will be displayed alongside your review.
                

                    Any review submitted by, or on behalf of you, must not:
                

Make any comment that is inappropriate, using defamatory, vulgar, obscene or abusive language.
                    
Send or transmit any file that may contain viruses or any material that could in any way harm another person’s computer.
                    
Contain any advertising.
                    
Disclose somebody’s personal identity or details.
                    
Contain any illegal material or material that you are not authorised to submit.
                    


                    Contributors under the age of 18 should get the permission of a parent or guardian before submitting any review or contribution.
                
Back to the top

                    Terms and Conditions of Posting
                

                    By submitting your reviews, photographs and/or videos, you agree to give LateRooms a perpetual, royalty free, world-wide, sub-licensable licence to use, reproduce and publish all photographs and/or videos ("the/your Contribution") for any purpose and in any medium whatsoever. You permit your Contribution to be used on LateRooms’ website. Provided your Contribution is not in any way treated in a derogatory manner, you agree that there will be no restrictions on how your Contribution is displayed, linked and used. In addition, you agree that LateRooms may itself or allow a third party to reproduce, display, transmit, distribute or otherwise exploit your Contribution or any portion thereof, in any manner, including, without limitation, print or electronic reproduction, publication or any other display.
                

                    You warrant that you are the legal and beneficial owner of the Contribution and you are entitled to grant this licence to LateRooms. As the owner of the Contribution, you further warrant to LateRooms that the Contribution is original to yourself, and that the grant of this licence (and LateRooms’ use of the Contribution) is not a violation or infringement of any existing copyright or licence or of any other right of any other person or party whatsoever and that you have obtained the prior written consent of anyone appearing in your contribution for reproduction by LateRooms and any photographs and/or videos including images of children under the age of 16 must be accompanied by permission of a parent or guardian.
                

                    You undertake to fully indemnify LateRooms against any and all claims, any loss, damage or costs, including any legal costs properly incurred, occasioned to LateRooms in consequence of any breach of these warranties or arising out of any claim alleging that your Contribution constitutes a breach of this warranty.
                

                    You agree that LateRooms shall not be under any obligation to include your name against the Contribution or elsewhere on its website. Accordingly, you hereby agree to waive your moral rights to be identified as owner of your Contribution.
                

                    LateRooms reserves the right not to publish and to remove Contributions from this website without notice after publication at LateRooms’ sole discretion.
                
Back to the top

                    Disclaimers
                

                    Publication of reviews and content on the website does not signify that LateRooms agrees or affirms any of the content of the reviews or Contributions.
                

                    LateRooms shall not be in any way responsible or liable for reliance by users on any information that is obtained from the reviews or Contributions and LateRooms does not make any representation or warranty, either express or implied as to the accuracy or reliability of any information or content that is published on this forum.
                
Back to the top

                    Reviews and Content Guidelines
                

                    You agree to post Contributions in accordance with the following Guidelines. We will not publish a Contribution unless it follows these Guidelines. These Guidelines are not exhaustive and LateRooms reserves the right to vary them from time to time and the Guidelines published at the time of browsing shall be those in effect.
                

Format requirements - We will only accept images in a .jpg, .jpeg, .gif or .png format. We will not accept images smaller than 430 x 322 or files larger than 5MB
                    
No unlawful or objectionable content - this means your Contribution should not contain images, words, actions or content that is or may be considered unlawful, defamatory, libellous, abusive, racially or sexually offensive or obscene
                    
Original - content of Contributions should not infringe the intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of others that shall include copyright, trademark, privacy or trade secrets
                    
Harmful content - Contribution shall not contain viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other computer program that may damage or affect any system or data
                    
No spamming or advertising - Contribution shall not contain commercial web or e-mail addresses and no promotional or advertising material of any kind including the pricing and availability information and alternative ordering information
                    
No HTML tags
                    
Contributors should not use false e-mail addresses, impersonate others or in any way mislead as to their identity. LateRooms confirms that any personal identifiable information such as addresses, phone numbers or URL's will be removed and reviews or contributions may not be published
                    
Contributors under the age of 18 should get the permission of a parent or guardian before submitting any review or contribution.
                    

Back to the top

                    General
                

                    If you have a serious complaint regarding a hotel and wish to substantiate this with photographic evidence, please attach this to your complaint and send to feedback@laterooms.com.
                

                    If you have concerns, or wish to complain about any photograph or review on our website, please email reviews@laterooms.com.
                

                    These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and any disputes arising shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in England and Wales.
                
Back to the top
Price Promise
Terms and Conditions
To make a price promise claim, you must fill out the claim form provided on the LateRooms.com website, ensuring that all fields are accurately completed. Failure to provide this information will result in your claim being rejected.

LateRooms.com's "Price Promise" applies to hotel bookings made directly on LateRooms.com only. It does not apply to any other bookings made on third party websites via LateRooms.com including (but not limited to) cottages, theatre tickets, car hire and other services.
As hotel rates can change frequently, claims for any refunds under the Price Promise must be made within 24 hours of completing your hotel room booking through LateRooms.com.
The Price Promise only applies in respect of a lower rate for an identical booking that is available from another online booking source (excluding any other LateRooms Group or its affiliate websites) ("Lower Rate"). The Lower Rate must be available and capable of being booked within 24 hours of you completing your booking on LateRooms.com. Screen shots will not be accepted as proof that such Lower Rate is available. LateRooms.com shall be responsible for carrying out checks to ascertain if the Lower Rate is available at the time of validation of your claim.
The online Lower Rate must be for an identical booking, this means the same standard of  room at the same hotel as booked through LateRooms.com on the same check-in and check-out dates with the same booking conditions. Claims cannot be made against bookings made or found with "opaque" rates, where the identity of the property isn’t revealed until booking completion or where special advanced purchase rates apply.
The Lower Rate must be in the same currency as that booked on LateRooms.com (the local currency that the hotel will charge).
LateRooms.com will confirm the availability of the Lower Rate within 48 hours of receipt of the claim. In the event that the Lower Rate can be validated your claim shall be approved subject to the remainder of these terms.  In the event that LateRooms.com cannot validate the Lower Rate, your claim will be denied.
LateRooms.com cannot process claims where the hotel booking was made within 24 hours of the check-in date. For hotel bookings that are made over 24 hours before the check-in date, if you cannot cancel your booking, LateRooms.com will still consider your claim if you submit your claim within 24 hours of making the booking: please note however, there may be circumstances where we may not be able to consider and respond to your claim until after your check-in date if the booking is made within 48 hours of the check-in date.
LateRooms.com can only process one claim per booking, any subsequent claims for the same booking will not be processed.
LateRooms.com will only match the difference between its online rate and the Lower Rate if your booking through LateRooms.com is completed and not cancelled or the subject of a "no-show".
Following initial approval of a claim, refunds by LateRooms.com will only be made after completion of stay by the claimant at the named hotel for the person named on the booking.. LateRooms.com will verify that the hotel booking in question has been completed without cancellation for the date of the claimed booking. In the event that LateRooms.com is not able to verify that the booking has been completed you will need to post a receipt from the hotel to LateRooms.com as evidence of your completed stay. You may be required to provide additional information in order to be eligible to receive payment.
LateRooms.com shall use reasonable endeavours to complete a BACS transfer for the amount of the refund within 30 days of receiving confirmation that your stay was completed, provided you have provided us with your bank details on the claim form. No other payment method will be processed.
The maximum amount refunded shall not exceed the total value of the original booking made on LateRooms.com. The amount that shall be refunded shall be the difference between the LateRooms.com rate and the approved Lower Rate. The Price Promise only applies to the hotel rate exclusive of tax, when factoring in tax, we do not guarantee that the Laterooms.com rates will be lower than rates provided elsewhere.
Whether your claim is successful or not, LateRooms.com’s terms and conditions of booking, including the cancellation policy are still applicable at all times.
"Price Promise" does not apply to hotel rooms purchased through or in combination with corporate or convention rates, special discounted rates, membership rates, frequent stay, loyalty points or other "reward" type programs or special promotions of the hotel where the booking is made. Rates must be available to the general public.
The Price Promise is only available to UK residents over the age of 18. LateRooms.com will only pay refunds to UK bank accounts on valid claims against bookings made from the UK. Refunds shall be paid in Pounds Sterling only.
Employees (including their families and persons residing in the same household) of LateRooms.com’s hotel partners are not eligible. Previously cancelled or refunded bookings are also not eligible.
LateRooms.com reserves the right to modify these terms and conditions and/or end the Price Promise offer at any time and without notice.
LateRooms.com shall make the final determination regarding your refund eligibility and the availability of a Lower Rate.
LateRooms.com shall not be liable for the payment of any refunds under the Price Promise with respect to rates loaded in error by LateRooms.com or any vendor or any printing, typographical, administrative or technological errors in any materials relating to the Price Promise.
In the event of any dispute regarding the Price Promise and/or any subsequent claims, the decisions of LateRooms.com shall be final and binding on all parties.
By submitting a claim form you acknowledge, agree and accept these terms and conditions.
The Price Promise and these terms and conditions are governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.

Promoter: Late Rooms Ltd (t/a Laterooms.com) whose registered office is at The Peninsula Building, Victoria Place, Manchester, M4 4FB, UK.
Back to the top
