Limitation of liability
Although the information contained on GeekyMedics.com should be fairly accurate, the laws of statistics guarantee there will be some mistakes. Whilst the advice and information provided by this website are believed to be true and accurate at the date of publication, neither the maintainers, owners, or authors and editors can accept any legal responsibility or liability for any errors or omissions that may be made. Every effort has been made to check the details within the information. However, as it is possible that some errors have been missed or that some information may have been revised.  Geeky Medics is not intended as a replacement for your clinician, or a diagnostic tools for patients, and should not be used as such. All users are advised to refer to drug manufacturers literature or the British National Formulary before administering any of the drugs mentioned on this website.  Geeky Medics is not liable to you or any 3rd party for any claim, loss or damages arising out of your use of the site or its materials. Your reliance upon Geeky Medics materials is solely at your own risk. You are responsible for taking all precautions you believe are necessary or advisable to protect you from any claim, damage or loss that may arise from your use of Geekymedics.com.
Rights
You acknowledge and agree that Geeky Medics may contain proprietary and confidential information including trademarks, service marks and patents protected by intellectual property laws and international intellectual property treaties. Geeky Medics authorises you to view and make a single copy of portions of its content for offline, personal, non-commercial use. Our content may not be sold, reproduced, or distributed without our written permission. Any third-party trademarks, service marks and logos are the property of their respective owners. Any further rights not specifically granted herein are reserved.
Images
All logos and images used in the navigation of the website, including the Geeky Medics logo and diagrams embedded within articles are copyrighted works, and should not be reproduced in any way without prior written consent.
Submitted content

By submitting your content to Geeky Medics you agree that:


You will be recognised as the author of your content by name as long as the article remains on Geeky Medics
Your content will be displayed on the Geeky Medics website, and may be distributed in other forms of media including, but not limited to; online, mobile applications, printed media.
You allow Geeky Medics a worldwide, loyalty free license to edit, reproduce, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, publish, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part), distribute, prepare derivative works (including collections) of, incorporate into other works and otherwise use your material as best as we see fit.
You allow advertisements to be placed alongside your content on the Geeky Medics website

External links
Geeky Medics provides links to many external resources, including advertisers. Geeky Medics takes no responsibility for the content of external websites. Geeky Medics reserves the right to amend, alter and delete links to external content at any time.


Change of terms
Geeky Medics reserves the right to modify these terms from time to time at our sole discretion and without any notice. Changes to our terms become effective on the date they are posted and your continued use of Geeky Medics after any changes to terms will signify your agreement to be bound by them.
 