
            Patient Privacy & Security
        
Our pledge to protect your privacy
Health care providers, health plans and health care clearinghouses have a strong tradition of safeguarding patient information. However, in today’s world, the old system of paper records in locked filing cabinets is not enough.  With information broadly held and transmitted electronically, the Privacy & Security Rule under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) provides clear standards for protecting and securing patient information, while allowing the flow of necessary information for patient care and other important purposes.   It also specifies a series of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to prevent the intentional or unintentional use or disclosure of protected health information. These safeguards may include shredding documents containing protected health information before discarding them, securing medical records with lock and key or passcode, and limiting access to keys or pass codes.
Henry Ford Health System knows that medical information about you is personal and is committed to protecting the privacy of your information. As a patient of Henry Ford Health System, the care and treatment you receive is recorded in a medical record. So that we can best meet your medical needs, we share your medical record with all the health care providers involved in your care. We share your information only to the extent necessary to conduct our business operations, to collect payment for the services we provide you and to comply with the laws that govern health care. We will not use or disclose your information for any other purpose without your permission.
Protecting your patient information is our priority and if you have any questions related to our privacy & security practices, please contact the Information Privacy & Security Office. 

Chief Privacy & Information Security Officer: cipso@hfhs.org
Information Privacy & Security Office: PrivacySecurity@hfhs.org
Information Privacy & Security Office Helpline: (313) 874-9561
Integrity Hotline: 1-888-434-3044 or www.mycompliancereport.com (Access: HFH)

Note: Throughout these web pages on patient privacy you may click on any link to view the Adobe PDF version of a document or form.
Henry Ford Health System does not exclude, deny benefits to, restrict visitation, or otherwise discriminate against any person on the ground of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, height, weight, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or on the basis of disability or age in admission to, participation in, or receipt of the services and benefits under any of its programs and activities.
