
Your Rights, Privacy and Data Protection
Data Protection
Returns
Returns and cancellations
Returning items
You can return most items for any reason, with some exceptions (see "Product Exceptions"). Unless you have told us you wish to cancel your order (see "Cancelling orders"), you must return the item to us within 14 days of receiving it. Please allow enough time for postal or courier services to reach us. We may accept a returned item received outside the 14-day return period but we reserve the right to charge a £3 late-return fee to cover the cost of processing it.
Cancelling orders
You can cancel an order up to and including the 14th day after its delivery day for any reason, with some exceptions (see "Product exceptions"). You'll need to tell us clearly if you wish to cancel your order - you can use our cancellation form if you wish. Please send back the items no later than 14 days after telling us you wish to cancel. Please take care of the items. We reserve the right to reduce the refund amount if the value of the items is reduced by your actions.
If you return all the items in an order, we'll refund the cost of the returned items plus the delivery charge (excluding any additional charges for Nominated Delivery or Next Day Delivery). However, if the return is made via our courier or through a myHermes ParcelShop, we'll charge you a return fee and deduct it from your refund. The return fee won't be more than the original delivery charge. Returning the item by any other method is entirely at your cost.
Warranties
If you have bought a warranty for the items you are returning, please read the warranty documents for details of how to cancel it if you want to.
Product exceptions
Unless faulty, the following items cannot be cancelled or returned - bespoke, customised or personalised items; items sealed for health or hygiene reasons if unsealed; and sealed audio, video or software recordings if unsealed.
Faulty items
If anything you order from us fails prematurely due to defective workmanship or materials, we would be happy to offer a full or partial refund, repair or replacement as appropriate in the circumstances. Please contact us to arrange return of faulty items.
Price policy
We describe every item in our catalogue as accurately as we can. However, occasionally product description or pricing errors occur. If after you have submitted your order we discover such an error or the item ordered becomes unavailable we'll do our best to inform you at the earliest opportunity. You may then choose whether to proceed with your order or to cancel it. If we cannot contact you, we may treat your order as cancelled. Subject to this, we intend that prices remain valid for the life of this catalogue. All orders are subject to our acceptance. We accept your order and form the contract between you and us only when the goods are despatched to you. Finally, all our products are subject to availability - we cannot supply what we do not have.
Protecting your interests and our complaints procedure
We aim to get it right first time, but if we make a mistake we'll try to put it right promptly. If you have a question or complaint, please call our Enquiry Line and one of our advisors will be happy to help you; we'll do our utmost to work with you to reach a satisfactory outcome over the phone. If we can't, or we need to investigate further, we'll confirm receipt of your complaint within 5 working days and, in most cases, resolve the problem within 4 weeks.
Complex complaints can take a little longer. In this case, we'll always let you know when to expect an answer. If, together, you and we have not reached an agreement within 8 weeks, we'll give you information about the Financial Ombudsman Service.
You can contact us at any time while your complaint is being investigated, by writing to Customer Complaints Manager, Complaints and Customer Relations Department, JD Williams, Griffin House, 40 Lever Street, Manchester, M60 6ES. Don't forget to include your Customer Number so we can find your records quickly.
We subscribe to the Mailing Preference Service and the Telephone Preference Service.
For staff training and for quality control purposes, your calls may be monitored or recorded.
YOU MAY PRINT OUT AND KEEP A PERMANENT COPY OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR REFERENCE BY CLICKING HERE

Ways to Pay
Deliveries & Returns
Your Rights, Privacy & Data Protection
Your Personal Account
The Environment & Other Useful Information
Cover Plan Information
Account Protection Plans
FCA Complaints Reporting and Insurance Claims Ratio


