
Some information about the careful protection of your data and absolute confidentiality when handling your data:What is personal data?Personal data is information that can be assigned to you. For instance, your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address.When does engelbert strauss use and process your personal data?We know how important it is for you that we handle your personal data carefully. As data protection is one of our top priorities, we strictly observe the statutory regulations of the Federal Data Protection Act and Teleservices Act. In principle, you can visit our website with leaving behind any personal data.engelbert strauss uses the personal data and information you give us to process orders, deliver goods and settle payments.What does engelbert strauss do with your personal data?The personal data (e.g. address, other information that we receive from you) is saved in our computer system, first and foremost to process your orders and for customer management purposes.The contract and delivery data required for this may be forwarded to service providers (e.g. call centre, computer centre, lettershop, print shop, freight haulers). The service providers do not save the data for their own business purposes.To check and monitor creditworthiness, we exchange data with other credit service companies such as Schufa and/or infoscore Consumer Data GmbH, Rheinstr. 99, 76532 Baden-Baden, Bürgel Wirtschaftsinformationen GmbH & Co. KG, Postfach 500 166, 22701 Hamburg. This is based on mathematical and statistical procedures using your address data. Credit checks are all carried out to rule out problems during the payment process.We reserve the right to use the data to send information material for our own advertising purposes. If you do not want this, please send us an informal e-mail to the following address: datenschutzbeauftragter@engelbert-strauss.deengelbert strauss newsletterThe engelbert strauss newsletter will be sent to the email address you give us. Our newsletter will keep you informed about news, special offers or other promotions. If you register for our newsletter, you can be sure that only we will use your email address.Sie können den e.s. Newsletter jederzeit über den Abmelde-Link im Newsletter oder über unser Abmelde-Formular im Onlineshop unter „Newsletter“ abbestellen (Link: 
http://www.engelbert-strauss.de/en/Service/Newsletter)Zum Zweck der bedarfsgerechten Gestaltung unserer Newsletter erstellen wir unter Verwendung von Nutzungsdaten pseudonymisierte Nutzungsprofile. Die Nutzungsprofile werden nicht mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten zusammengeführt. Wir nutzen hierfür vorhandene Informationen, wie beispielsweise Empfangs-und Lesebestätigungen von E-Mails, geklickte Links im Newsletter, Datum und Zeit Ihres Besuchs auf unserer Homepage, Ihre Bestellhistorie oder Produkte, die Sie sich angeschaut haben oder nach denen Sie gesucht haben. Durch die Analyse und Auswertung dieser Informationen ist es uns möglich, unser Angebot zu verbessern sowie Ihnen dadurch individuelle Werbung zuzusenden, d.h. Newsletter, die Ihnen Produkte empfehlen, die Sie auch tatsächlich interessieren könnten und die Ihren Interessensgebieten entsprechen.Sie sind berechtigt, dieser Art der Verwendung Ihrer Nutzungsdaten zu widersprechen. Melden Sie sich hierzu einfach über die oben genannten Möglichkeiten zum Newsletter ab oder senden Sie eine Mail an datenschutzbeauftragter@engelbert-strauss.de.engelbert strauss and social networksWe use social plugins ("plugins") for the social network facebook.com that is operated by the company Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook") in our newsletter. The plugins can be recognised by one of the Facebook logos (white "f" on blue tile or a "thumb's up" sign) or are marked by the suffix "Facebook social plugin". The list and appearance of the Facebook social plugins can be viewed here: 
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/pluginsFor the objective and scope of the data collated and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, and your rights and options to protect your privacy, please see the data protection information by Facebook: 
http://www.facebook.com/policy.phpIf you are on Facebook but do not want Facebook to collate data about you via our website or link this to your member data saved in Facebook, you will need to log out of Facebook before visiting our website. It is also possible to block Facebook social plugins with add-ons for your browser, e.g. with the "Facebook Blocker": 
http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/Does engelbert strauss use cookies?If you visit the pages on our website, we save information about the last website you visited prior to your visited to us, as well as the pages on our website that you visit and the date and duration of the visit.engelbert strauss uses cookies to track visitor preferences and improve the design of the websites. Our web servers also save the IP address of your Internet service provider when you place an order.Also, personal data is only saved if you provide this information during registration or through the conclusion of a contract. External links on our websitesIn order to provide the best information possible, our website contains links to websites by third parties. If these links are not obvious, we will inform you that this is an external link. engelbert strauss has no influence over the content and design of the websites of other parties. Our data protection declaration does not apply there.Data protection contactIf you have any more questions concerning data protection, or if you want to request information, lodge objections, send correction or deletion requests or make any suggestions, please send an e-mail to: datenschutzbeauftragter@engelbert-strauss.de or a letter to: engelbert strauss GmbH & Co. KG, Frankfurter Straße 98 - 108, 63599 Biebergemünd
