



    DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION
    


I. Who is responsible for the processing and who can I contact? The controller for the processing of your personal data (hereinafter: data) is  engelbert strauss GmbH & Co. KGFrankfurter Straße 98 - 10863599 BiebergemündYou can find further contact details for the controller in the 


imprint. If you have any questions, complaints or suggestions regarding data protection or if you want to obtain access to your personal data, please send an an email to datenschutz@engelbert-strauss.de or a letter to the above postal address with the addition “Data protection”.Contact details data protection officer:Dr. Florian ModlingerMitterweg 36a83233 Bernau a. ChiemseePhone: 0176-32572896Fax: +4932121434755E-Mail: modlinger@engelbert-strauss.de

II. Which data is processed?1. OrdersWe use data which you provide us with in the course of the order process (e.g. name, addresses, email addresses, bank details) to fulfil contracts or execute precontractual measures. We may also process the data you provide in order to inform you of other interesting products from our portfolio. Why is this data processed?  Order processing: We process this data for purposes relating to accepting orders, shipping, billing, payment processing, customer service, debt collection and, where applicable, executing or defending against legal claims arising from the supply relationship. The legal basis is Article 6 (1)(b) GDPR. External service providers (call centre agencies) support us with order processing. These process your data exclusively according to our instructions and not for their own purposes. Should you fail to pay bills despite repeated reminders, we will, if necessary, transmit data to debt collection agencies for the purpose of fiduciary collection; the legal basis is also Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR.  Shipping of ordered goods: We cooperate with various transport companies in shipping the ordered goods. We forward the data required to deliver the ordered goods to these transport companies. If you order goods from third party vendors (additional purchase products), we may forward your data to these vendors for the purpose of direct shipping. Legal basis: Article 6 (1)(b) GDPR.  Credit check: We generally provide you with various payment options. If you choose an insecure payment method (e.g. purchase on account), we have a legitimate interest in protecting ourselves from possible defaults on payment. We may therefore obtain creditworthiness information from infoscore Consumer Data GmbH, Rheinstraße 99, 76532 Baden-Baden, or CRIF Bürgel GmbH, Radlkoferstraße 2, 81373 München, before allowing you to use these payment methods. For this purpose, we will transmit the personal data required for a credit assessment and use the information received on the statistical likelihood of a payment default for a balanced decision on the justification, execution or termination of the contractual relationship. The credit check may include probability values (score values) calculated on the basis of scientifically recognised mathematical and statistical procedures, taking address data, among other things, into account. Your interests worthy of protection will be taken into account in accordance with legal requirements. We will allow you to use your desired payment method regardless of your score value. Legal basis: Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR.  

How long will this data be stored? Do I have to provide this data?We may store your data for as long as this is necessary in order to fulfil the contract. We may store much of your data until the contract has been fulfilled and thereafter within the usual limitation period of three years. We may store your data for the assertion of or defence against legal claims until the maximum limitation period has expired. If we are obliged to retain certain data, we are entitled to store this data until the retention periods set down in section 257 of the Handelsgesetzbuch (Commercial Code) and section 147 of the Abgabenordnung (Tax Code). The legal basis is Article 6 (1)(c) GDPR in connection with these laws. These periods may be up to ten years.

2. Website  When you visit our website, we process your IP address, the date and time of your visit, information on the browser you are using, including language setting, and possibly your operating system, the address of the website from which you visited our website (referrer URL) and information on the files you call up. Your browser automatically transmits this data to your Internet service provider and the latter transmits it to us.Why is this data processed?  We process this data so that you can load our website, for the purposes of analysis and guaranteeing the security of our systems, to optimise our website, and for statistical purposes. This data cannot be assigned to a specific person. The legal basis is Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that our website is correctly displayed on your screen and that we can determine and rectify the causes of disruptions.  How long will this data be stored? Do I have to provide this data?This data will be stored in log files for a maximum of thirty days. The provision of this data is not mandatory and is also not required in order to conclude a contract. It would, however, not be possible for technical reasons for you to visit our website without this data being processed.

3. Cookies What are cookies? Cookies are small files containing an identification number. Cookies are stored on your computer or mobile device when you call up our website. When you call up our website, your computer or mobile end device can be recognised using this identification number. Cookies cannot run programs or transfer viruses to your computer. They are designed to make our services more user-friendly and more effective. Which type of cookies does engelbert strauss use? Cookies help us to design our website in a more user-friendly way. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. These services require the browser to be recognised again after a page change. These cookies store and transmit, data such as the following:Language settings Items in the basket Login details  We also use cookies which allow us to analyse users’ surfing behaviour. The following data may be transmitted in this way: search terms entered frequency of page viewsuse of website functions date and duration of the visit  The data collected from users in this way is pseudonymised by technological means. Therefore, assignment of the data to the requesting user is no longer possible. The data is not stored together with other data.  Why does engelbert strauss use cookies? We use cookies in order to make our website more attractive to visitors and to make it possible or easier to use certain functions. We also use cookies in order to statistically measure use of our website. Analytics cookies tell us how the website is used so we can continuously optimise it. The legal basis is Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in making our website user-friendly for you and improving the quality and content of our website.  How long will this data be stored? Some cookies are deleted after the browser session ends (so-called transient cookies, especially session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and allow us to recognise your computer on your next visit (so-called permanent cookies). You can find out how long they are stored in your web browser’s cookie settings. Do I have to provide this data? How can I prevent the use of cookies?  The use of cookies is not mandatory. The data subject can prevent our website using cookies at any time by correspondingly adjusting the settings in his or her internet browser and thus vetoing the use of cookies. These settings must be changed for each browser and each end device. In addition, cookies already set can be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all common internet browsers. We wish, however, to point out that the functionality of our website may be restricted if you deactivate cookies. 


4. Website analytics/online advertisingGoogle Analytics We use Google Analytics. This is an analytics service by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (Google). It produces pseudonymous user profiles for visitors to our website. Google uses permanent cookies (cf. II.3.). The information generated by the cookie concerning your use of the website is processed by Google in the USA. This information is the data named above under II.2. Google also processes the search term you used to find our website via a search engine. We use Google Analytics with activated IP anonymisation. Google shortens your IP address within the European Union or the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. You can find further information on Google Analytics on the Google website at:  
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Why is this data processed? The data is processed for the purposes of market research and needs-based design of our website. Google processes this data on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website and to compile reports for us on activity on our website. The legal basis is Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in using the statistics provided by Google to adapt our website to users’ needs and in using these statistics for internal market research.  How long will this data be stored? Do I have to provide this data? The data is retained for a maximum of fourteen months. The provision of this data is not mandatory and is not required in order to conclude a contract with us. You can prevent the storage of cookies and thus the use of Google Analytics in your browser's settings (see II.3.). You can also prevent the data produced by the cookie from being processed by downloading and installing the plug-in available via the following link: 


http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. Alternatively, or in browsers on mobile devices, you can click on the link below. This places an opt-out cookie in the browser you are currently using, effective for our website. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click on this link again. If you are using multiple end devices or browsers, you must click on this link for each individual end device in each individual browser.  Universal Analytics This page also uses Google Analytics (see information on “Google Analytics” above) to provide cross-device analysis of the surfing behaviour of visitors to our website, which is carried out via a user ID. You can deactivate cross-device analysis of your usage via the following link:  
Google (Universal)-Analytics Opt-Out Google (Universal)-Analytics has been disabled.



A/B Testing We use software from SAS Kameleoon, 12 rue de la Chaussée d’Antin, 75009 Paris. This facilitates so-called A/B Tests and web personalisation. This allows us to analyse how users navigate our web pages. This allows us to regularly improve our offering and make it more interesting for you as a user. We store cookies (see II.3.) as well as tracking pixels (invisible graphics loaded when you call up the website) on your computer for this evaluation. Before carrying out analysis we further process the IP addresses in shortened form, which excludes the possibility of relating them directly to persons. We do not combine the IP address transmitted by your browser with other data we have collected.Why is this data processed? We process this data in order to optimise our website. The legal basis for A/B testing and downstream personalisation is Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in adapting our website by evaluating our website users’ needs and using the results for internal market research.  Do I have to provide this data? The provision of this data is not mandatory and is not required in order to conclude a contract with us. You can prevent evaluation by deleting existing cookies and preventing the storage of cookies. If you prevent cookies from being stored, we would like to point out that you may not be able to make full use of our website. You can prevent the storage of cookies using the settings in your browser. You can deactivate the use of A/B testing via the following link: 
A/B-Testing Opt-Out A/B-Testing has been disabled.


Overheat This website uses the web analytics tool “overheat.de” by the company overheat UG (limited liability) with its seat in Haus Alsbach 2, 51766 Engelskirchen, Germany. It records interactions from randomly selected website visitors.  Why is this data processed?  It is used to produce a record of mouse movements and clicks with the objective of flagging up possible improvements to the relevant web page. Information on the operating system, browser, incoming and outgoing links, and geographical origin, as well as the resolution and type of the device, is evaluated for statistical purposes. This information is not personal and overheat.de does not transmit it to third parties. The legal basis for use of the web analytics tool is Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR.  Do I have to provide this data?  The provision of this data is not mandatory and is not required in order to conclude a contract with us. If you wish to opt out of recording, you can deactivate it on all web pages which use overheat.de by placing a DoNotTrack header in your browser.    Location determinationWe use services by MaxMind Inc., 14 Spring Street, Waltham, MA 02451, USA (MaxMind). This services allows us to use your IP address to roughly determine where you are accessing our website from. Your IP address as transmitted here is not combined with other data and therefore cannot be assigned to a particular person.MaxMind has submitted to the 


„EU-US-Privacy-Shield“. The European Commission has decided in an 


adequacy decision that this ensures an adequate level of data protection.  Why is this data processed?We process this data to allow us to forward you to a website in your language. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in displaying our website to you in your language.  How long will this data be stored? Do I have to provide this data?This data will be promptly deleted or anonymised once you leave our website. The provision of this data is not legally or contractually required and is not required in order to conclude a contract with us.Google Ads Conversion We use the Google Ads service to draw attention to our attractive services by placing advertising materials (so-called Google Ads) on external websites. We can use the data from the advertising campaigns to determine how successful the individual advertising measures are. In doing this, we are pursuing our legitimate interest in showing you advertising, which is interesting to you, designing our website in a more interesting manner for you, and calculating advertising costs in a fair way.Google delivers these advertising materials via so-called “ad servers”. We use ad server cookies, which allow us to measure certain parameters to determine success, such as overlay of adverts or user clicks. If you arrive at our website via an advert placed by Google, Google Ads will place a cookie on your computer. These cookies generally expire after thirty days and should not be used to identify you. The unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per placement (frequency), last impression (relevant for post-view conversions) and opt-out information (label indicating that the user does not wish to be addressed any longer) are stored on this cookie as analysis values.These cookies allow Google to recognise your internet browser. If a user visits certain pages on the website of an Ads customer and the cookie placed on his or her computer has not yet expired, Google and the customer can recognise that the customer has clicked on the advert and was forwarded to this page. A separate cookie is assigned to each Ads customer. Cookies therefore cannot be traced via the websites of Ads customers. We ourselves do not collect or process any personal data as part of the above advertising measures. We only receive statistical evaluations from Google. These evaluations allow us to recognise which of our advertising measures are particularly effective. We do not receive any other information on use of the advertising materials, and we certainly cannot use this information to identify users.Your browser automatically uses the marketing tools used to establish a direct connection with the Google server. We have no influence over the scope and further use of the data collected through Google’s use of this tool and therefore inform you accordingly of our state of knowledge: Integration of Ads Conversion allows Google to receive the information that you have called up the corresponding part of our web offering or clicked on one of our adverts. If you are registered for a Google service, Google can assign the visit to your account. Even if you are not registered or logged in with Google, it is possible that the provider will find out and store your IP address.Google also processes your data in the USA and has submitted to the 


„EU-US-Privacy-Shield“. The European Commission has decided in an 


adequacy decision that this ensures an adequate level of data protection. For further information on Google data protection, please see the following website: 


https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=enWhy is this data processed?  The data is processed for the purposes of market research and needs-based design of our website. The legal basis for the processing of your data is Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR.Do I have to provide this data?  The provision of this data is not mandatory and is not required in order to conclude a contract with us. You can prevent participation in this tracking procedure in various ways:a)	by making the corresponding setting in your browser software; in particular, suppressing third-party cookies will mean that you do not receive any third-party adverts; b)	by deactivating cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain “www.googleadservices.com”,  


https://www.google.de/settings/ads, whereby this setting will be deleted if 		you delete your cookies; c)	by deactivating interest-related adverts from providers which are part of the self-regulation campaign “About Ads”, via the link  


http://www.aboutads.info/choices, whereby this setting will be deleted if you delete 			your cookies; d)	by permanent deactivation in your Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome browser via the link  


http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. However, we wish to point out that doing this may prevent 		you from using all of the website’s functions in full.Bing Universal Event Tracking (UET)This website uses Microsoft Bing Ads by the company Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA (‘Microsoft’) and, in connection with this, the Universal Event Tracking tool (UET). This is a code which, in connection with the cookie, saves some non-personal data about the use of the website. Why is this data used?This service allows us to track the activities of users on our website, if they enter our website via Bing Ads advertisements. Why is this data used?This data is processed for market research purposes and for the needs-based design of our website. The legal basis for processing your data is Art. 6 Par. 1 f) DSGVO.How long is this data saved? Do I need to provide this data?The cookies used for Universal Event Tracking (UET) are kept for up to 180 days on your computer. There is a detailed presentation of the used cookies in the extensive Microsoft data protection guidelines. Provision of the data is not prescribed and is not necessary to conclude a contract with us. You can prevent recording and processing of the data generated by the cookies and by the use of the website, and configure or deactivate your settings about personalised advertising at Microsoft here. You can also revoke the use of cookies by activating the function ‘Block cookies from third parties’ in your browser settings. However, blocking cookies can restrict the functions of the visited websites.Microsoft also processes your data in the USA and is committed to the 


‘EU-US-Privacy-Shield’. The European Commission made an 


adequacy decision that this would ensure an appropriate level of data protection.For more information about the analysis services of Bing, please refer to the Bing Ads website 


( https://help.bingads.microsoft.com/#apex/3/en/53056/2 ). For more information about data protection at Microsoft and Bing, please refer to the Microsoft’s data protection provisions 


( https://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement). 

5. Creating a customer account  You can create a customer account in our online shop for future orders (“register” - order and create account).   Why is this data processed?Your customer data is processed here to simplify and accelerate future orders. You can log in with your login details in the online shop after registering. If you log in as a registered customer, your login details will be transmitted to us for the purpose of checking your identity. After you log in with your login details, the customer data we have stored on you will be transferred to any new orders. II.1. otherwise applies accordingly. We may process the data you provide on registration on the basis of Article 6 (1)(b) GDPR, insofar as this is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract or to execute precontractual measures; clause II.1. applies here. We may also process data which you have voluntarily shared with us on registration according to Article 6 (1)(a) GDPR if you have consented to processing.    How long will this data be stored? Do I have to provide this data?The data provided in the course of registration will be deleted as soon as you delete your customer account. If you have not logged in for more than two years since your last order, your registration will be deleted. We may be entitled to store it for longer according to II.1. The provision of personal data by registering is not legally or contractually required. 

6. Contact form and email contact We process data, which you have entered in our contact form or transmitted to us by email, to allow us to process and answer your query. We may process data which you enter into our contact form according to Article 6 (1)(a) GDPR, provided that you have consented to processing. If you enter sensitive information into the “message” field containing particular categories of data (e.g. origin, political or religious convictions, union membership, health or sexual data), you also consent to the processing of this data. If you transmit data to us by email, the legal basis is Article (6)(1)(f) GDPR. If you are also a customer of ours, the legal basis is Article 6 (1)(b) GDPR.This data will be deleted twelve months at the latest after we receive your query, unless we are entitled or obliged to store it for longer due to legal regulations in connection with Article 6 (1)(c) GDPR. If you are also a customer of ours, clause II.1. shall apply as regards storage periods.  The provision of this data is not mandatory and is not required in order to conclude a contract. The use of the contact form does require, however, that you provide an email address, because we cannot reply otherwise. If you provide further data, you do so voluntarily.

7. AdvertisingWe process your data for the purposes of sending email advertising, if you provided us with your email address when ordering, and print advertising. In this way, we make sure that you receive catalogues tailored to you in addition to the main catalogue. The legal basis is Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in sending our customers direct advertising within the legally allowed scope.


You may object, free of charge, to the use of your data for direct marketing purposes without incurring transmission costs other than the basic tariffs. You can object by emailing datenschutz@engelbert-strauss.de or by post with the addition “Data Protection ” to engelbert strauss GmbH & Co. KG, Frankfurter Straße 98 - 108, 63599 Biebergemünd.


If you object or revoke any consent for certain advertising  measures, your data will be blocked for further processing for advertising purposes or will be deleted. 

8. Newsletter You have the option to subscribe to a free newsletter. When you register for our newsletter on our website, the email address you provide will be transmitted to us. You also have the option of receiving a tailored, personalised email newsletter from us. We produce the latter on the basis of the data you provide us for this purpose via the input form.  Why is my data processed? We process your email address for the purpose of regularly sending our newsletter. After subscribing to the email newsletter, you will receive an email from us with a link to verify your email address. After confirming your email address you may provide more data via a separate input form. We process the data entered here for the purpose of producing a tailored, personalised and sector-specific newsletter. The legal basis is your consent, which you gave us when subscribing to the newsletter or a personalised newsletter (Article 6 (1)(a) GDPR). The legal basis for sending the newsletter after you purchase goods or services is Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR and Section 7 (3) UWG (Unfair Competition Act). How do I unsubscribe from the newsletter? How long will the data be stored?If in the future you no longer wish to receive the newsletter, you may withdraw your consent to receive the newsletter at any time via the unsubscribe link in the newsletter or via our unsubcribe form in the online shop under “Newsletter” (for further information on the right of withdrawal see IV.). The data you provided when subscribing to the newsletter will be promptly deleted after you withdraw your consent or unsubscribe from the newsletter. If you are also a customer of ours, the storage periods given above under II.1 will apply. Do I have to provide this data?Our newsletter is a voluntary offer. However, you must provide your email address in order to receive the newsletter. Additional data is required if you wish to receive a tailored, personalised newsletter (e.g. profession/sector for the production of a sector-specific newsletter, surname to address the newsletter to you personally and location for sector-specific campaigns in your geographical area). 

9. Fraud preventionTo secure order processes, we use the data you provide to check for anomalies with respect to the specific order. We have a justified interest to do so because we want to avoid payment defaults and protect customers against abuse of their personal data. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Par. 1 f) DSGVO.When orders are placed in our online shop, contract processing data (e.g. purchased object, name, postal address, e-mail address, delivery address, payment method and bank data) and the usage data about visits to our website (e.g. at the start, end and scope of the use) are processed together with a cookie and/or a visitor ID. This could contain anonymous data of the end device used to visit the website, and which is most probably recognised again during further visits. The sole purpose of processing here is to protect your customer account, the websites that you visit and services that you use on our websites from fraud and abuse (e.g. against takeover of user accounts, the automated creation of falsified user account or the use of stolen identities or payment data). If there is a suspicion of fraud or abuse, one of our employees checks the assessment and the underlying clues. If as a result the conclusion of a contract is rejected, you will be informed. On request, we will also explain to you the most important reasons for the decision. You then have the opportunity to put forward your case, and the decision is reviewed again by an employee.We prevent fraud ourselves or with the support of an external service provider. This service provider will only process your data in line with our instructions and not for its own purposes. Measures are taken to secure the order process in the online shop by the company infoscore Tracking Solutions GmbH, Kaistraße 7, 40221 Düsseldorf, the company infoscore Profile Tracking GmbH, Kaistraße 7, 40221 Düsseldorf, the company  infoscore Tracking Technology GmbH, Kaistraße 7, 40221 Düsseldorf and computer centre service providers that have been commissioned to save the data.  The data processed for this is automatically deleted after five months. You can revoke your consent for processing the above-mentioned data by sending us an e-mail to datenschutz@engelbert-strauss.de or a letter marked ‘Data protection’ to engelbert strauss GmbH & Co. KG, Frankfurter Straße 98 - 108, 63599 Biebergemünd (see also Section IV.).

III. Is my data forwarded to third parties? Some data may also be forwarded to the following recipients if this is necessary for the fulfilment of the contract (Article 6 (1)(b) GDPR), we are legally obliged to do so (Article 6 (1)(c) GDPR), or this is necessary in order to safeguard our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR):Banks and payment service providers, for payment processingCollection agenciesManufacturers, for the purpose of processing warranty claims Transport companies, postal service providersProsecution authorities, courts, arbitration boards, auditors, lawyers or tax advisers Insurers, for processing any claimsWe may use external service providers to process your data. We have chosen and commissioned these carefully, and they are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked. These service providers include call centre agencies, lettershops and printers, data collection and maintenance agencies, IT service providers and service providers for data carrier destruction. The legal basis is Article 28 GDPR where these service providers are order processors.  

IV. Which rights do I have in relation to my data? You may request information from us concerning whether and how we are processing your data under the conditions set down in Article 15 GDPR. You can demand that your data is corrected and perhaps completed according to Article 16 GDPR. You have the right to ask us to delete your data under the conditions set down in Article 17 GDPR or Article 18 GDPR. Article 20 GDPR gives you the right to receive your data transmitted on the basis of consent or a contract, if processing is taking place automatically. If you so wish and it is technically possible, we will transmit this data to a third party. Your rights may be restricted or excluded by law under particular conditions. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority at any time. 


If we are processing data to safeguard our interests exclusively on the basis of Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data for reasons relating to your particular situation. If you do object, we will no longer process the relevant data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or processing is intended for the execution of legal claims. You may also object at any time to the processing of your data for advertising purposes without incurring any costs other than transmission costs according to the basic tariffs. You can object to the sending of advertising emails at any time without charge, e.g. by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the end of such an email. You can also object by emailing datenschutz@engelbert-strauss.de or by post with the addition “Data Protection” to the address given under I. above.


If you have consented to the processing of data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the legality of the processing which took place prior to the withdrawal. You can object in an email to datenschutz@engelbert-strauss.de or by post with the addition of “Data Protection” to the address given under I. above. Data will no longer be processed after you have withdrawn your consent. This does not apply if we are legally entitled or obliged to process it.Last updated: 28/09/2018
 

