
Website privacy statementThis statement applies to this website. Refer to How we handle your personal information for Victoria Legal Aid’s overall approach to handling personal information.
This statement does not apply to any linked websites. If you visit any other site, we recommend you read their privacy statement.
Anonymous access
You can access and use our website anonymously, without disclosing your personal information.
Collection and use of personal information
This website does not collect your personal information, other than information you choose to provide through online forms or email addresses. We may use this to respond to you and discuss your enquiry.
Disclosure
We will not disclose to a third party any personal information you provide without your consent, unless authorised by law. In the event of an investigation into unlawful activity (such as hacking or abusive emails), a law enforcement or government agency may exercise its legal authority to inspect web server records.
Collection and use of site visit data
We analyse how our site is used to help us make it better.
We do this by obtaining reports on usage from Google Analytics. These tell us which pages are visited, for how long, on what operating systems and browsers and from what areas. This works by using a “cookie”. Cookies are small files placed on your computer to help remember your preferences. You can find more information about cookies at Cookie Central.
We do not use this information to identify you and do not obtain your IP address. However, you can choose not to have your usage recorded by disabling cookies on your browser or using Google Analytics’ opt-out tool.
Data security
Our employees are required to protect any personal information we collect. Our technology and work policies are designed to protect this information. However, if you send information over the Internet it may not be completely secure. If you are concerned about sending us sensitive information you might prefer to contact us by telephone or mail.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this statement or how we handle your personal information more generally, contact:
Complaints and Statutory Compliance
	Phone: (03) 9280 3789
	Email: privacy@vla.vic.gov.au

