About this Policy This policy sets out how Tyresales Pty Ltd (Tyresales) collects, uses and discloses your personal information. If you disclose personal information to third parties this policy will not apply and you will be subject to the privacy policy of that third party. By accessing or using the Tyresales website, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in this policy. Words defined in the tyresales Terms and Conditions of Use have the same meaning in this Privacy Policy. Tyresales and privacy
Tyresales is bound by the Privacy Act (1988). What personal information is collected?
Tyresales collects personal information to assist it and its related bodies corporate to conduct their activities and provide the range of services they offer. Personal information collected by Tyresales may include:  identification details, which may include name, birth date, gender, security questions and answers; contact information which may include email address and mobile phone number; bank account and credit account details; user IDs and passwords; services provided to you, including saved items and searches business information, such as ABN and licence number; information submitted in applying for or requesting a finance or insurance related product; information about the devices on which you visit the Tyresales website, and your activities on that and associated sites; third party account details (for example where you sign in through a social network); social profile information; records and content of communications with tyresales or any other person including records and content using Communications Services (as that term is defined in tyresales’ Terms and Conditions of Use).  Please note that such records and content may be stored and scanned by tyresales; and  information obtained as a result of your use of our mobile website or application such as geo-locations and unique device identifiers.   proof of address documentation such as utility bills  How is personal information collected?
Tyresales collects personal information in a number of ways, including:  directly from you when you provide information directly to tyresales in person, by phone or in writing (whether electronic or otherwise) for example when you purchase an item on one of our websites; or in a contract with your business to provide you with our products or services; directly from you when you communicate with tyresales or any other person using tyresales Communications Services; from third parties such as:
     tyresales’ related companies; resellers of tyresales services and service providers to tyresales; operators of linked or served web sites, applications and advertising on the Tyresales website and associated sites; social networks where you choose to share that information when creating an account; third party data providers who have been directed by you to send us information on your behalf;   through use of tyresales’ proprietary software in which personal information is stored; from organisations identified or described under the heading "How is personal information disclosed"    How is personal information used?
Your personal information may be used for the following purposes:  to maintain appropriate business records; to research, develop, improve and use within tyresales products and services and by its outsourced service providers to provide and improve their services; to pre-populate / customise / provide shortcuts on our websites; to conduct surveys to determine use and satisfaction with tyresales services; to generate statistics in relation to Tyresales; for the purposes of feedback, reviews and ratings; to promote and market special offers and other services to you (if you do not want to receive these, please let us know by clicking here); for purposes connected with the operation of the Tyresales website; for staff training and quality assurance; to personalise the site experience and / or the advertising you see when you visit the Tyresales website or other associated websites;  to contact winners of trade promotions run by tyresales to prove your residential address       How is personal information disclosed?
Tyresales may disclose personal information to individuals and organisations other than tyresales. The organisations to which we may disclose personal information include:    tyresales’ staff and tyresales’ related bodies corporate and their staff the public if you advertise with tyresales or use publicly available Communications Services individuals and organisations that advertise with tyresales if you acquire any products or certain services through tyresales - depending on your purchase these may include: tyre fitting service providers; transportation service providers;  roadside assist providers; payment services providers; outsourced service providers who assist any of the above persons to provide services;   If you do not want tyresales to disclose your personal information to these individuals and organisations, you should not submit your personal information on the tyresales website or acquire those products or services.  outsourced service providers who assist tyresales to provide its services including: information technology providers; marketing and market research advisers; and professional advisers; and payment platforms. entities to whom you request we send your information; resellers of tyresales services; organisations involved in a sale/transfer of tyresales’ assets, business or shares to assist government or regulatory authorities or police; as we are required by law, for example pursuant to a subpoena.    Where Tyresales provides information to a third party at your request, you acknowledge that your information will be handled by that third party in accordance with its privacy policy and not in accordance with the Tyresales privacy policy. Maintaining personal information quality
Tyresales strives to maintain accurate and up-to-date records. To facilitate this, please let us know if any of your details change. You may update certain personal information through your membership account (if you have one) or click here to contact us by email. tyresales may destroy or de-identify personal information once the information is no longer deemed required by the business.     How to access your personal information
You generally have a right to access your personal information, subject to a few exceptions provided by law. If you wish to access your personal information please Click here or on the "contact us" link at the bottom of this page. Please remember to provide as much detail as you can as this will help us to find the information. There is no charge for this service, however you may be required to verify your identity before any information is released to you. Please note that depending on the volume or nature of the information required, it may take a number of days to fulfil the request.    About security and personal Information
Tyresales takes reasonable steps to protect personal information collected from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modifications or disclosure. Your personal information may be stored in hard copy documents, but is generally stored electronically on tyresales’ sales’ systems.  Transfer of personal information outside of Australia
Some of Tyresales' service providers are located outside of Australia, including in the United States of America and Canada. It may be necessary to disclose your personal information to those service providers for some of the purposes listed above. By providing tyresales with your personal information, you consent to the disclosure / transfer of your personal information outside of Australia as set out in this privacy policy. Dealing with Tyresales anonymously
You may deal with Tyresales anonymously by using a pseudonym, unless Tyresales is required or authorised by law to deal only with an identified person, or it is impracticable for us to respond to you if you have not identified yourself. Tyresales may require proof of address before shipping product to you in which case you will not be able to deal with tyresales anonymously  What if you don't provide personal information?
If you choose not to provide personal information when requested, Tyresales may not be able to provide you with the full range of Tyresales services. Tyresales website, Linked Sites and personal information
When you visit a website or use an application on the Tyresales website and associated sites, Tyresales records anonymous information such as IP address, time, date, referring url, and other referral information, device information and location, carrier, site interactions such as your access to website features, pages accessed, content, searching activities, lead submission, and files accessed and downloaded, type of browser and operating system. Such information collected by tyresales may be linked to other information tyresales holds about a user, compiling a complete profile about tyresales users’ browsing activities on the Tyresales website and associated sites. Tyresales may use third party advertising companies to collect data and/or serve ads when you visit the Tyresales website and associated sites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to websites in order to provide advertisements about good and services of interest to you.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit http://networkadvertising.org/.     Tyresales uses "cookies" and other methods to collect and store the information set out above. A cookie is a small file that stays on your computer until, depending on whether it is a sessional or persistent cookie, you turn your computer off or it expires (this may be as little as 30 days or up 2 years, or longer in some cases). Cookies may be used by Tyresales or by service providers engaged by Tyresales to provide you with the full range of services it offers, remember your preferences, remember the sites you visit on the Tyresales website and associated sites, measure and analyse usage of the Tyresales website and associated sites for security. Persistent cookies may be used to identify the sites you visit on the Tyresales website and associated sites and to personalise the advertising that you see when you make future visits to those sites or other sites or platforms. Cookie data may be sold, licensed or otherwise provided to third parties for sale via advertising exchanges for this purpose. You may adjust your Internet browser settings to disable cookies. If cookies are disabled Tyresales may not be able to provide you with the full range of Tyresales services. The Tyresales website and associated sites may include links to third party web sites, co-branded web sites and applications and advertising served to the Tyresales Website by third parties (Linked Sites). The operators of Linked Sites may collect personal information through the use of cookies and otherwise. Tyresales is not responsible for Linked Sites and recommends you read the privacy policy of Linked Sites before disclosing your personal information. This site uses Crazy Egg web analytics service. Crazy Egg may record visitor’s activities on the Tyresales website and associated sites, which may include mouse clicks, mouse movement, and scrolling activity performed on the Tyresales website and associated sites, user screen size, browser versions and other user experience based metrics. Crazy Egg does not collect any personally identifiable information, including credit card information, that you enter in this website. For more information see: Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the Crazy Egg Web Analytics Service. We are using the information collected by Crazy Egg service for analysing usability of the Tyresales website and associated sites and associated purposes. To opt out of this analytics service, please email contact@crazyegg.com.   Tyresales uses Nielsen/NetRatings web analytics tools to measure and analyse internet usage across the Tyresales website and associated sites. This service helps us measure and respond to our online consumers. The data collected does not identify a user personally. What if I have a problem?
If you have a problem, complaint, want to change your personal information or just wish to enquire about privacy please contact us. Location: Level 4, 449 Punt Road, Richmond VIC 3121
Postal Address: Locked Bag 9001, Richmond VIC 3121
Phone: +61 (03) 9093 8600 (Business Hours EST)
Contact: Nicole Birman
Email: Click here to contact us by email   Tyresales treats complaints relating to privacy extremely seriously. If you submit a concern or complaint, we will endeavour to deal with it comprehensively and reach an outcome with which all parties are satisfied. If you would like further information about privacy in Australia, please review the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner's website. How this policy changes
This policy may change over time. All changes will be published on this website. Version 3 (June 2016)   