



Web Development Privacy Policy | Sioure Enterprise

















  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-10548794-2']);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);

  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();

   













My Account




(209) 317-9118






























Home

Products


Help Desk V8
Cruise Administrator
intelliCheck 2017


Development




Web Applications
Enterprise Applications
Our Development Process
Web Application Skillset
JAVA EE
PHP Enterprise


Design
Explore Design


Compliance
Digital Compliance
EU GDPR
Privacy Compliance


Web Services
Domain Registration
SSL Certificates




Cloud Hosting



Shared Hosting
Shared Lite Hosting


Business Hosting
Business Managed Hosting
Dedicated Managed Hosting
Manage Hosting Initiative


Policies
Shared Hosting Agreement
SLA
Refund Policy


Support / Help
Support Tickets
Manage Account




About




Company Overview
About Us
Developing Applications


Our Technology
Company Skill-set
Network Infrastructure


Our Resources
Careers
FAQs
Our Brochure


Our Policies
PCI Compliance
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy




Contact













About Sioure








Home
About Sioure
Web Development Privacy Policy            













General information

Sioure USA Corp ("Sioure Enterprise", "us", "we", or "our") operates http://www.sioure.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
                  

We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
                  
Information Collection And Use

While using our Site or any of our services, 
we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact
or identify you. Personally identifiable information
may include, but is not limited to your name and our
personal information.

The name of the domain from which you access the Internet
The date and time you access our site
The Internet address of the website you used to link directly to our site.
Contact Information
IP Address
Website Data Collected from User While Browsing
Traffic Statistics


Log Data

Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").
                  

This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
        

In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this …


We may also as a company provide services like web applications, Web Design, Mobile Applications, Web Marketing collect data about you or your company which is confidential. We as a company will do our best let this information remain private to our company and notify you if this information is to be shared with third party providers

Communications

                    We may use your Personal Information to contact 
                    you with newsletters, marketing or promotional 
                    materials and other information relevant to 
                    your business relationship with our company..
                  
Cookies

                   Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
                  
                
 Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site. Sioure USA Corp has a full Cookie Policy

Security

                   The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
                  
Changes To This Privacy Policy

                  This Privacy Policy is effective as of Tuesday, October, 4th, 2017 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
                  
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.


corporate@sioure.com













Products
Application Development
Web Development
Web Hosting





My Account
Submit an Issue
Site Map





Company Overview
Company Skill Set
FAQS
Careers



Sioure ® - a registered service mark that identifies Sioure USA Corp. and all of Sioure Enterprise products and services, Sioure Web Hosting, Sioure Domains, Sioure Applications, Sioure UK, Sioure Toronto. Use of this name in any territory without written permission from Sioure Technologies is strictly prohibited. 





©  Sioure USA Corp. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use and Privacy Policy














































