
General
Gymshark Limited (and trusted partners acting on our behalf) use your personal data:

to provide goods and services to you;
to make a tailored website available to you;
to manage any account(s) you hold with us;
to verify your identity;
for crime and fraud prevention, detection and related purposes;
with your agreement, to contact you about promotional offers, events, products and services which we think may interest you;
to show you promotional communications through online media as you browse the web;
for analysis, insight and research purposes - to better understand your needs and ensure we are giving you what you want;
to identify and contact competition winners;
to enable us to manage customer service interactions with you; and
where we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority or in a legal dispute).

Marketing Promotional communications
To ensure you are kept up to date with the Gymshark experience, we use personal data for marketing purposes and may send you postal mail, texts and/or emails to update you on the latest offers and events. We may also show you online media communications through external social media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram and external digital advertisers such as Google.
You have the right to opt out of receiving promotional communications at any time, by:

informing us that you wish to change your marketing preferences by contacting our customer support team at support@gymshark.com;
making use of the simple “unsubscribe” link in emails or the “STOP” number for texts; and/or
contacting our Data Protection Officer via email at dpo@gymshark.com. or by post to the Data Protection Officer, Gymshark Limited, GSHQ, Blythe Valley Park, 3, Central Boulevard, Solihull, B90 8AB.

This may not stop service messages such as order updates.
Personalisation and Automated Decision Making
If you visit any of our websites, you may receive personalised banner advertisements whilst browsing websites of other companies. Any banner advertisements you see will relate to your browsing activity on our website from your computer or other devices.
These advertisements are provided by us via external market leading specialist providers using techniques such as pixels, web beacons , ad tags, mobile identifiers and ‘cookies’ placed on your computer or other devices (see further information on the use of cookies in our Cookie Policy). You can remove or disable cookies at any time - see Cookie Policy for further information.
We may collect data directly from you, as well as analysing your browsing and purchasing activity online and your responses to marketing communications. The results of this analysis, together with other demographic data, allow us to ensure that we contact you with information on products, services, events and offers that are tailored and relevant to you. To do so, we use software and other technology for automated decision making. We may do this to decide what marketing communications are suitable for you and this activity is based on our legitimate interests to develop and improve our products and services.
Also to provide more personalised services and experiences, we may review data held by external social media platform providers about you, for example, details on your Twitter or Facebook profiles that you have chosen to make publicly accessible such as your name, date of birth. Some of our services enable you to sign-in via external social media platform providers such as Facebook. If you choose to sign-in via a third party app, you will be presented with a dialog box which will ask your permission to allow us to access your personal information (e.g. your full name, date of birth, email address and any other information you have made accessible).
We aim to update you about products and services which are of interest and relevance to you as an individual. To help us do this, we process data by profiling and segmenting, identifying what our customers like and ensuring messages we send them are relevant based on their demographics, interests, purchase behaviour, online web browsing activity and engagement with previous communications. We may also use your data to exclude you from communications which we feel are irrelevant to you. For example, we may exclude someone from resends of marketing emails when we know that person has already opened the original email sent.
Another example of how we may tailor our communications with you is that we may group individuals with similar interests using this data so we can send them product news or promotional offers that are relevant to that shared interest.
You have the right to opt out of any automated processing, including profiling, at any time by:

informing us that you wish to opt out of automated processing by contacting our customer support team at support@gymshark.com; and/or
contacting our Data Protection Officer via email to dpo@gymshark.com. or post to Data Protection Officer, Gymshark Limited, GSHQ, Blythe Valley Park, 3, Central Boulevard, Solihull, B90 8AB.


