Activision may collect Information from you and other sources. We use and may combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust and improve our Properties, and to send you messages or personalized information about our games, your scores, new features and more, including for marketing and promotional purposes.Information Provided By You
Activision may collect Information from you when you: (A) create an Activision account with a Property; (B) use our Properties; (C) participate in sweepstakes, contests and promotions; (D) use Activision customer service; (E) choose to receive newsletters on products and services, receive marketing emails, and/or participate in surveys; (F) buy Activision services or products online; (G) use “send-a-friend” functionality; or (H) allow sharing through Social Media.
A. Creation of an Activision Account
Activision collects certain personal information from you when you register with a Property, such as your first and last name, address, postal code, email address and Activision user name. Additionally, we collect your date of birth and marketing preferences. With an Activision account you may enjoy a tailored service and support across the Properties such as the community portals, email newsletters and the games you love and enjoy.
Unfortunately, as of September 1st, 2015, we no longer offer Activision accounts to Russian based consumers.
B. Use of our Properties
When you visit or use our Properties we may collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as websites you visited before and after you used a Property, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, gameplay data, purchase histories, and Social Media data. We may use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively referred to as “Cookies”) to do this.  In addition, we or our partners may also use Cookies to serve ads in our Properties. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details.
Activision may collect, process, and combine data such as your age, gender, interests, name, email address, gameplay, marketing preferences, customer service, and device-related information.
To provide fair gaming experience to all players, Activision uses anti-fraud technologies to prevent any cheating in our games.
C. Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions
When Activision runs contests or promotions on our Properties, we may collect certain Information from participants such as their name, address, postal code, email address, phone number, age and/or date of birth, or other information or content submitted by you. We may also need to collect additional information in order for you to claim a prize. That Information may be combined with other account information and will be used and shared in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
D. Interact with Customer Service
In order to provide you with customer service and assist you with resolving any issues you may have, Activision may collect Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your customer service issue and its resolution.
E. Receive Newsletters on Products and Services, Receive Marketing Emails, and/or Surveys
Activision may offer you the ability to receive newsletters periodically by email about our products and services. At any time, you can manage your preferences from your account settings and stop receiving further newsletters by unsubscribing from the link in the footer of each email we send to you. 
We may, from time to time, send you surveys in order to improve player experience with our games.
F. Buy Activision Products or Services Online
Activision does not collect any credit card and/or billing information when you purchase products or services (such as digital content) online. However, you may be required to provide credit card and/or billing information to one of our third-party vendors in order to complete a purchase. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of our third-party vendors before providing them with your personal information, as their privacy practices may vary from ours. At the time of purchase, you may also have the option to provide Information (such as your email address) to Activision for the purpose of sending you additional information or offers.
G. Send-a-Friend
From time to time, Activision may offer you the ability to email or message friends or family by using our "send-a-friend" tool. In the event we offer you this ability, we delete both sender and recipient email addresses after sending the message and only use the information we collect for the purpose of sending the email or message (unless we have separately collected the sender or recipient's details for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy). In using our "send-a-friend" tool, you confirm that you and the recipient know each other and that you have their consent to send them an email.
H. Social Media
You can interact with some Properties through social networking sites, such as Facebook and Twitter (or social media plug-ins and applications) ("Social Media"). When you interact with Activision and/or the Properties through Social Media you acknowledge that we may access your Information, solely in accordance with your Social Media privacy settings, and use it to tailor content, marketing, and improve and adjust user experience relating to Activision Properties, as well as (1) give you exclusive content; (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Properties; and (3) contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences through Social Media or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards. 
When you post personal information publicly through the Properties, or on Social Media, it may be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the personal information by third parties. For more information about how your Social Media uses and protects your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.
Information Provided By Other Sources
We may also obtain Information about you from other sources, such as Social Media, our vendors, partners, and network advertising companies, and combine that Information with Information we have collected from or about you. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us.
We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
 
