Activision collects Information about you from you and other sources. We use and may combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust and improve our Properties, and to send you messages or personalized information about our games, your scores, new features and more, including for marketing and promotional purposes.Information Provided By You
Activision may collect Information from you when you: (A) create an Activision account with a Property; (B) use our Properties; (C) participate in sweepstakes, contests and promotions; (D) use Activision customer service; (E) choose to receive newsletters on products and services, receive marketing emails, and/or participate in surveys; (F) buy Activision services or products online; (G) use “send-a-friend” functionality; or (H) allow sharing through Social Media.
A. Creation of an Activision Account
Activision will collect certain Information from you when you register with a Property. Personal information collected during registration includes your first and last name, email address and username. This personal information is combined with other Information such as your date of birth, country and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services and marketing preferences. Additionally, we will collect and may combine Information when you link a third party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, and Steam) to your Activision account, and the use of certain Properties may require you to link a third party account to your Activision account. With an Activision account you may enjoy a tailored service and support across the Properties such as the community portals, email newsletters and the games you love and enjoy. 
B. Use of Our Properties
When you visit or use our Properties we may collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as websites you visited before and after you used a Property, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, third party account information (e.g., the username associated with your XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, or Steam account), gameplay data, purchase histories, and Social Media data. We may use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively referred to as “Cookies”) to do this.  In addition, we or our partners may also use Cookies to serve ads in our Properties. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details.
Activision may collect, process, and combine data such as your age, gender, interests, name, email address, gameplay, marketing preferences, customer service, and device-related information.
Activision may also publicly display certain Information about you, including third party account information and gameplay information, on the Properties. For example, your PlayStation gamertag will be displayed on leaderboards if you are a top player in a certain Activision game, regardless of whether or not you have an Activision account. If you have synced a third party account with your Activision account, your gamertag may be made available to be searched by other users if you have not opted out of this feature. You may unlink the third party account or prevent it from being searched at any time through your Activision profile settings.    
To provide fair gaming experience to all players, Activision uses anti-fraud technologies to prevent any cheating in our games.
C. Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions
When Activision runs contests or promotions on our Properties, we may collect certain Information from participants such as their name, address, postal code, email address, phone number, age and/or date of birth, or other information or content submitted by you. We may also need to collect additional information in order for you to claim a prize. That Information may be combined with other account information and will be used and shared in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
D. Interact with Customer Service
In order to provide you with customer service and assist you with resolving any issues you may have, Activision may collect Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your customer service issue and its resolution.
E. Receive Newsletters on Products and Services, Receive Marketing Emails, and/or Surveys
Activision may offer you the ability to receive newsletters periodically by email about our products and services. At any time, you can manage your preferences from your account settings and stop receiving further newsletters by unsubscribing from the link in the footer of each email we send to you. 
We may, from time to time, send you surveys in order to improve player experience with our games.
F. Buy Activision Products or Services Online
Activision does not collect any credit card and/or billing information when you purchase products or services (such as digital content) online. However, you may be required to provide credit card and/or billing information to one of our third-party vendors in order to complete a purchase. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of our third-party vendors before providing them with your personal information, as their privacy practices may vary from ours. At the time of purchase, you may also have the option to provide Information (such as your email address) to Activision for the purpose of sending you additional information or offers.
G. Send-a-Friend
From time to time, Activision may offer you the ability to email or message friends or family by using our "send-a-friend" tool. In the event we offer you this ability, we delete both sender and recipient email addresses after sending the message and only use the information we collect for the purpose of sending the email or message (unless we have separately collected the sender or recipient's details for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy). In using our "send-a-friend" tool, you confirm that you and the recipient know each other and that you have their consent to send them an email.
H. Social Media
You can interact with some Properties through social networking sites, such as Facebook and Twitter (or social media plug-ins and applications) ("Social Media"). When you interact with Activision and/or the Properties through Social Media you acknowledge that we may access your Information, solely in accordance with your Social Media privacy settings, and use it to tailor content, marketing, and improve and adjust user experience relating to Activision Properties, as well as (1) give you exclusive content; (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Properties; and (3) contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences through Social Media or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards. 
When you post personal information publicly through the Properties, or on Social Media, it may be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the personal information by third parties. For more information about how your Social Media uses and protects your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.
Information Provided By Other Sources
We may also obtain Information about you from other sources, such as Social Media, our vendors, partners, and network advertising companies, and combine that Information with Information we have collected from or about you. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us.
We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
 
