No need to disclose personal information
You may browse and access information contained within this website without providing personal information.
Information provided when you contact us
Where you voluntarily provide personal information (eg, through online forms or email requests), we will only use your personal information for the purposes for which you gave it to us.
This information will be held by the Ministry of Health. Your information may be shared with, and held by, third-party contractors to the extent necessary for those contractors to provide website hosting and maintenance services. We will not disclose your personal information to other government agencies or other organisations without your consent, unless required by law.
We will hold your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993. The Privacy Act 1993 regulates us through the Information Privacy Principles as to how we collect, use, hold, disclose, access, correct, manage and dispose of your personal information. For more information visit the Office of the Privacy Commissioner website.
Viewing or changing your information
To view any personal information held by us, or if you have any concerns about personal information that we hold and wish to request its correction, please write to:
The Privacy Officer
Ministry of Health
PO Box 5013
Wellington
Statistical information
Some information, however, is automatically retrieved about your visit, such as:

your IP address
the search terms you used
the pages you accessed on the website and the links you clicked on
the date and time you visited the website
the referring website (if any) through which you clicked through to this website
your operating system (eg, Windows XP, Mac OSX)
the type of web browser you use (eg, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox)
other incidental matters such as screen resolution, the release of your installed Flash version and the language setting of your browser.

No effort is made to identify individual visitors.
Use of statistical information
The statistical information referred to above will be viewable by website administrators and certain other Ministry staff. It may also be shared with other government agencies.
Cookies
This website uses cookies for the purpose of monitoring website usage. The cookies do not collect personal information. You can disable them or clear them out of your web browser without affecting your ability to use the website.
