No need to disclose personal information
You may browse and access information contained within this website without providing personal information.
Information provided when you contact us
Where you voluntarily provide personal information (eg, through online forms, newsletter subscriptions or email requests), we will only use your personal information for the purposes for which you gave it to us. This information will be held by the Ministry of Health.
We will hold your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993 and the Health Information Privacy Code 1994. The Privacy Act 1993 regulates us through the Information Privacy Principles as to how we collect, use, hold, disclose, access, correct, manage and dispose of your personal information. For more information visit the Office of the Privacy Commissioner website.
Viewing or changing your information
To view any personal information held by us, or if you have any concerns about personal information that we hold and wish to request its correction, please write to:
The Privacy Officer
Ministry of Health
PO Box 5013
Wellington
Statistical information and cookies
We collect statistical information about your visit to our website to help us improve it.
This information does not identify individuals.
To collect this statistical information the site makes use of cookies. 
Cookies
This website uses cookies for the purpose of monitoring website usage. A cookie is a piece of code that creates a file on your computer to track the pages that you view on our website. The cookies do not collect personal information. You can disable them or clear them out of your web browser without affecting your ability to use the website.
Google Analytics
We use Google Universal Analytics to collect and analyse details about the use of our website.
The information Google Analytics collects includes:

your IP address
the search terms you used
the pages you accessed on the website and the links you clicked on
the date and time you visited the website
the referring website (if any) through which you clicked through to this website
your operating system (eg, Windows XP, Mac OSX)
the type of web browser you use (eg, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox)
other incidental matters such as screen resolution and the language setting of your browser.

No effort is made to identify individual visitors.
You may opt-out from having Google Analytics collect your information by disabling cookies in your browser, or by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out browser add-on.
Google Analytics privacy policy.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar's analysis tools, including heatmaps, screen recordings and polls, to better understand our site visitors and collect user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on users’ behaviour and their devices, including:

device IP address
device screen size and type
browser information
geographic location (country only)
preferred language used to display our website.

You may opt-out from having Hotjar collect your information by visiting Hotjar's opt-out page or enabling Do Not Track (DNT) in your browser.
Opt-out of Hotjar on this browser.
Hotjar's privacy policy. 
Use of statistical information
The statistical information referred to above will be viewable by website administrators and certain other Ministry staff. It may also be shared with other Government agencies.
Disclosure of your information to third parties
We will not disclose any of your personal information for purposes that you did not give it to us for.  Your information may be shared with, and held by, third-party contractors to the extent necessary for those contractors to provide web services, such as website hosting and maintenance.
We will not disclose your personal information to other government agencies or other organisations without your consent, unless required by law.
Newsletter subscriptions
When you subscribe to our newsletters, we will only use your personal information for managing your subscription and assessing newsletter effectiveness. You can unsubscribe from any newsletter at any time.
Some of our newsletters are managed using a third-party tool called Campaign Monitor. 
Campaign Monitor provides analytics to the Ministry on how people interact with our newsletters (eg, how many subscribers have opened emails or clicked on links). This means that the Ministry and Campaign Monitor will be able to see your name, email and details about which links in Ministry newsletters you have clicked on.
The Ministry only uses this information to assess newsletter effectiveness.
For more information, see the Campaign Monitor privacy policy.
