
Tokyo Big Sight Inc. (hereafter known as Tokyo Big Sight) performs operation and management of the Tokyo International Exhibition Center and conducts organization of trade fairs and building management. Tokyo Big Sight recognizes that the protection of personal information is very important and considers it to be a social responsibility and duty.Therefore, the following Privacy Policy have been defined and all employees should be familiarized with the contents.

1.Collection, Usage, and Provision of Personal Information
When Tokyo Big Sight acquires personal information, the purpose of usage must be clarified and the information must be gathered in legal and fair means. The usage and provision of personal information must remain within the clarified and predefined usage and provision.

2.Purpose of Usage for Personal Information
Tokyo Big Sight uses personal information gathered from customers for the following purposes.

(1)
Contact parties or follow procedures related to the use of facilities managed by Tokyo Big Sight.

(2)
Provide Information related to exhibitions, conferences, and other business activities organized by Tokyo Big Sight.

(3)
Perform tasks including sending information and necessary materials, confirming receipts, payment to parties that have applied for an exhibition, or conference organized by Tokyo Big Sight.

(4)
Perform surveys related to improving customer satisfaction, related to the planning and development of organizing an event, or providing building services.

(5)
Send the Tokyo Big Sight promotional magazine or invitations to Tokyo Big Sight organizing events.

(6)
When personal information is gathered for other purposes, the purpose of usage is clarified.

(7)
Comply with laws, directives, and guidance from governmental organizations.



3.Provision to Third Parties
Tokyo Big Sight will not provide or disclose personal information provided by customers to third parties except in cases where the customers’ consent is given or where the information must be supplied for legal reasons. However, necessary personal information may be provided to the subsidiary company Big Sight Service Corp. for the purpose of providing a requested service.


4.Outsourcing
Tokyo Big Sight may outsource the handling of personal information in order to fulfill the purpose of usage. The entrusted parties enter into a contract with the personal information protection protocols so that the handling of personal information continues to be managed and controlled.


5.Proper Management of Personal Information
Tokyo Big Sight takes appropriate safety measures for collected personal information to prevent unauthorized access, falsification, destruction, leakage, or loss. Employees who handle personal information are provided with training and educational activities to protect personal information.


6.Disclosure, Correction, or Deletion of Personal Information
Tokyo Big Sight endeavors to manage the latest and most accurate personal information. Tokyo Big Sight will promptly comply with customer requests to check, change, or correct registered information, to stop providing services, or to delete registration.


7.Compliance to Laws and Other Standard Practices
Tokyo Big Sight practices the handling of personal information according to laws and other standard practices, and constantly strives to make improvements to the above activities.


