
Privacy policy
This privacy and security statement describes how we handle information we learn about you through your use of the Washington State Department of Licensing (DOL) website. You can also read our Conditions of use page to get information on your use of our site.
Encryption of transmitted data
We use a secure server for processing all online transactions. Any data transmitted during an online transaction is encrypted as it is sent to or from your computer. This prevents it from being read by any unauthorized party while it is being sent over the Internet.
Information collected and stored automatically
No information that identifies you personally is automatically collected when you access non-secure areas of our site. As with any website, site management and system administrative information can be collected each time you visit, including:

The date and time you visited.
The name of the domain you used to access the Internet (such as companyxxx.com, aol.com, universityxxx.edu, etc.) and the Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you accessed our site.
The pages you visited.
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site.
The address of the website you came from if you linked to our site from another site.

This information is used for statistical purposes and to help us make our site more useful: To learn about the number of users to our site, which information is most useful to them, and the types of technology our users employ.
If you send us personal information through this website
Personal information is information about a person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual's name, address, and phone number. A domain name or Internet Protocol address is not considered personal information.
We do not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily participate in an activity that asks for information, such as sending an email. If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will not affect your ability to use any other feature of this website.
State law and the Federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect personal information if it is requested on the website or volunteered by the user. However, this information is a public record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection and copying if it is not protected by federal or state law.
User's choice
Any entity or individual who accesses or uses the site may decline participation in any activity that asks for personal (or any) information, such as surveys, email, or interactive applications. Your choice to "opt out" (not participate) will not affect your ability to use any other areas of the site.
Information considered public information
Because the content on this site is considered public information (except secure services), it may be copied, downloaded, or distributed. However, we request that you give appropriate byline/photo/image credits.
Commercial use of lists of individuals or directory information (including address, phone, or email) provided on this site is prohibited under RCW 42.56.070 (9), as broadly defined by the Office of the Attorney General of the state of Washington.
Public access to information
In the state of Washington, laws exist to ensure that government is open and the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government. At the same time, there are exceptions under state and federal laws to the public's right to access public records that serve various needs, including the privacy of individuals.
All of the information collected at this site is considered public information (except secure services) and may be subject to inspection and copying by members of the public. See RCW 42.56.070 (1) for more information about the inspection of public records. Exemptions are allowed under state Public Disclosure law for certain DOL records.
Links to other websites
This site contains links to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites or the accuracy of the information on those other websites. When you go to another site through a link from our site, you no longer on the Washington State Department of Licensing website and are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
Security 
The Department of Licensing takes every reasonable precaution to protect and secure this website and the privacy of our citizens. Technology is used to secure the site and monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorized attempts to access or modify it, or otherwise cause damage. This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting the security of information provided to or by this website as fail proof.
Unauthorized modification is strictly prohibited 
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise modify or cause damage to this site, are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under both state and federal laws, including the federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. Intrusion detection and other software security tools may collect data regarding unauthorized activity, and that data may be used or made available in order to conduct investigations.
Cookies
DOL may sometimes use "cookies" to make our websites easier to use, and to track site usage and statistics. Cookies are passive files that are delivered to you, stored on your computer hard drive, and returned in certain situations to the same server that provided the information.
Cookies cannot read information from your hard drive. They can only store data that is provided by the server or generated by your explicit actions while visiting a site. Personal information about you is not stored in cookies, and is not used by DOL to access your computer. Furthermore, cookies created on your computer by using this site do not compromise your privacy or security.
The information generated by cookies (including your IP address) is transmitted to our web analytics vendor so we can gather statistics about how visitors use this site. We will never (and won't allow any third party to) use this tool to track or collect any of your personally identifiable information. The web analytics vendor doesn't match your IP address with any other data they have, and neither we nor the web analytics vendor will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of the computer user. We only use these statistics to get an idea of how visitors are using this website so we can make improvements, and to create reports about general website usage.
The use of cookies is optional; you may delete or reject them and the site will still be available. However, using the site could possibly be less convenient. The use of cookies doesn't pose a security or privacy threat to you.
Applications that require a logon ID and password (or digital certificate) to access
You may access secure services to engage in electronic commerce with DOL over the Internet. To access these services, you will usually be required to log on with a user name, password, pin number, or other method of authentication, such as a digital certificate. Protections are built into these systems to ensure your security and safeguard data, as well as provide reasonable protection of private information in our possession. Logon information, such as a user name and password, is secure and will not be disclosed to the public. Information provided to DOL via secure services is disclosable only to the extent allowed by law.
Nondisclosure of certain information
DOL may request that you provide certain personal or private information in order to process a transaction or complete the service you are getting from or providing to DOL. You may choose not to provide this information; but if you choose not to provide it, we will be unable to complete the transaction or perform the service and you will have to conduct your business with us in person, by telephone, or by postal mail.
Children
You are cautioned that the collection of personal information requested or volunteered by children will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and subject to public disclosure or access.
Disclaimer
The Washington State Department of Licensing does not warrant the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any information published on this site, nor endorse any content, viewpoint, product, or service linked to this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from the site does so at their own risk.
DOL reserves the right to revise and update this privacy and security statement at any time by posting a revised Privacy and Security Statement at the DOL website.
Contact us
If you have any questions concerning this privacy and security statement, please contact us at webpublish@dol.wa.gov.

