
	So that you can continue accessing exclusive and official club content, from 26th May 2012, we need to ensure that you have provided your consent to store the below cookies on your computer. You provide us with your consent to store cookies on your computer by entering the site. Your consent will last until (i) you delete all cookies from your computer (following which you will re-consent to accepting cookies the next time you visit the site) or (ii) the launch of the Club's new website when a new consent will be obtained.

	Please take a moment to read this Website's Privacy Policy set out below. References to "we", "us" and "our" in this policy are references to FL Interactive Limited (Company Number: 04112553) c/o The Football League Limited Unit 5B Edward VII Quay, Navigation Way, Preston, Lancashire, PR2 2YF. We may however appoint third parties to store and process your information on our behalf.

	Protecting your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to how we process your information please contact us using the details below.

	We reserve the right to change the terms of this policy from time to time and your continued use of the Website will be deemed to be acceptance of amendments we make. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 26th May 2012.



			What information do we collect about you?


				At various times during a visit to this Website you may be asked to provide us with personal information (for example your name and contact details). This may be in connection with activities such as purchasing goods, subscribing for a service, entering competitions or participating in surveys.

				In common with many other online services we may also use "cookies" to collect information about how you use the Website. This information is used to produce statistical reports on website activity and allows us to tailor the Website to suit your interests.

				A cookie is a small amount of data sent from the server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Most web browsers are automatically set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse cookies or ask your browser to show you where a cookie has been set up. Please note that certain features of this Website are only activated by the presence of a cookie and if you choose to refuse cookies these features may not be available to you.

				For further information about cookies visit "www.allaboutcookies.org"

Cookies we have present on our site:




							Cookie name

							Example cookie value

							Description

							Expiration



							cookietest

							ok

							used for testing if the cookies are enabled

							session cookie - expires when window closed



							giftCardExpirationCloseButtonHit

							FALSE

							Records if the gift card expiration pop-up was closed

							session cookie - expires when window closed



							giftCardExpirationInvalidity

							1,44958E+12

							Contains infromation about gift card expiration

							session cookie - expires when window closed



							ptvuid

							340140

							User identification cookies

							2 years



							ptvzon

							fname

							User identification cookies

							2 years







			How will we use your personal information?


				Primarily we will use the personal information we collect about you to send you information you have requested, create a membership profile for you (allowing us to provide a personalised service when you visit the Website), assist in the provision of products and services to you and to enable us to review and improve the products or services offered to you.

				From time to time we would also like to contact you to let you know about products and services offered by us, our clubs, their official partners and other carefully selected third parties that may be of interest to you. We may also provide your details to carefully selected third parties in order for them to contact you directly about their products and services. By ticking the applicable boxes in the Privacy Notice you are deemed to agree to the use of your information for these purposes.




			What are my choices?


				You have a right to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to third parties.If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes please click here and follow the instructions or contact us using the contact details below. Customers who have opted out of receiving marketing communications will still receive payment and account related emails.

				You are also entitled to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like to do this please contact us using the details below.You may be required to pay a small fee for this service. We want to make sure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.




			When does this Privacy Policy not apply?


				This Privacy Policy only applies to the collection of personal information by us and those whom we authorise. It does not cover third party sites to which we provide links, nor does it cover advertisers and content partners within our service who may also collect your personal information. If you link to third party websites from this Website you should read their privacy policies and terms of use carefully.

				If you place personal details on any publicly accessible page (for example on a message board) then this data will not be covered by our Privacy Policy.




			How do we protect your information?


				We are firmly committed to data security. The personal information you provide to us is encrypted before it is sent to us and once it is received we store it on secure servers. We take steps to guard against unauthorised access to your personal information and to ensure it is treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, although we make every effort to create a secure environment for your personal information we cannot guarantee the safety of any personal information which you transmit to us online.

				The personal information we collect may be transferred to and/or stored or processed at a location outside the European Economic Area. By providing your personal information you consent to this transfer, storage and/or processing. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information is kept securely and in accordance with the Privacy Policy.




			Contacting us


				Please contact us using the details below if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the information we hold about you:

				Email: customerservices@performgroup.com

				Address: Data Protection Compliance Officer, Perform Media Services Limited, Sussex House, Plane Tree Crescent, Feltham, Middlesex, TW13 7HE.




	 

