
		This Realm is made possible by displaying online advertisements.
		Please consider supporting us by whitelisting The Grail Lords in your ad blocker.


Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 07th of June 2018
The Grail Lords and your Privacy.

This privacy statement is created in order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for The Grail Lords.

We use your IP address to diagnose problems and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to verify your unique identity so as to avoid duplication.

When creating an account we require players to give us an valid email address. We may use the player's email to inform them about our services including any planned outages or changes.

This site contains links to other sites. The Grail Lords are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.

Information Use, Sharing and Disclosure.
We do not share any personal information except as described in this policy. We do not share your information with unrelated third parties for their direct marketing purposes.The Grail Lords may use or share your personal information where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction, to operate or improve The Grail Lords and related products and services, to do something that you have asked us to do, or tell you of products and services that we think may be of interest.We may share your personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, to establish or exercise our legal rights or, defend against legal claims and if in our judgment in such circumstances disclosure is required or appropriate.We may share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Confidentiality and Security.

No data transmissions over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make efforts to ensure security on our systems. We use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you including, but not limited to:
Your Account Information is password protected.You Password is stored in an encrypted method and will never be asked of you.If a security breach is found, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this web site or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of this site. We may also post a security notice on our website or via email at the email address you have provided to us.

Advertisers.

Currently, we use Venatus Media as our Ad Provider.
Their advertising policies may be viewed at https://www.venatusmedia.com/privacy.

Contact Us.

If you have a privacy concern regarding The Grail Lords, please contact us.
		

		
	[Return]
	


		This Realm is made possible by displaying online advertisements.
		Please consider supporting us by whitelisting The Grail Lords in your ad blocker.


