Terms and Conditions
TERMS OF USE OF WWW.SIERRANEVADA.COM AND WWW.SIERRANEVADAGIFTSHOP.COM PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THE SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF USE. DO NOT USE THE SITE IF YOU ARE UNWILLING OR UNABLE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE.
1. DEFINITIONS A “user” is someone who accesses, browses, crawls, scrapes, or in any way uses the Site. The terms “you” and “your” refer to you, as a user of the Site. The terms “we,” “us,” “our,” or “Sierra Nevada” refer to Sierra Nevada Brewing Co., a California corporation. “Content” means all of the text, images, photos, audio, video, and all other forms of data or communication. “User Content” means Content that you submit or transmit to or through the Site, such as reviews, compliments, invitations, advice, and information that you display. “Sierra Nevada Content” means Content that we create and make available on the Site. “Third Party Content” means Content that is made available on the Site by parties other than Sierra Nevada or its users, such as data providers who license data to Sierra Nevada for use on the Site.
2. BINDING EFFECT. This is a binding agreement. By using the Internet site located at www.sierranevada.com and www.sierranevadagiftshop.com (collectively, the “Site”) or any service connected with the Site (the “Services”), you agree to abide by these Terms of Use, as they may be amended by Sierra Nevada from time to time in its sole discretion. Sierra Nevada will post a notice on the Site any time these Terms of Use have been changed or otherwise updated. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically, and if at any time you find these Terms of Use unacceptable, you must immediately leave the Site and cease all use of the Site. YOU AGREE THAT BY USING THE SITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 21 YEARS OLD AND THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
3. PRIVACY POLICY. Sierra Nevada respects your privacy and permits you to control the treatment of your personal information. A complete statement of Sierra Nevada’s current privacy policy can be found below, immediately following these Terms and Conditions. Sierra Nevada’s privacy policy is expressly incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
When you are required to open an account to purchase goods or products via the Site, you must complete the registration process by providing the complete and accurate information requested on the registration form. You will also be asked to provide a user name and password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You may not use the account, username, or password of someone else at any time. You agree to notify Sierra Nevada immediately on any unauthorized use of your account, user name, or password. Sierra Nevada shall not be liable for any loss that you incur as a result of someone else using your password, either with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for any losses incurred by Sierra Nevada, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives due to someone else’s use of your account or password.
4. USER CONTENT. You grant Sierra Nevada a license to use the materials you post to the Site. Any and all User Content posted to the Site may first be reviewed and approved by Sierra Nevada, which reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, edit, or refuse to post any and all User Content. By posting, displaying, or otherwise transmitting User Content to the Site, you are granting Sierra Nevada , its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives a license to use User Content in connection with the operation of the Internet business of Sierra Nevada , its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives, including without limitation, a right to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat User Content. You will not be compensated for any User Content. You agree that Sierra Nevada may publish or otherwise disclose your name, if given, in connection with your User Content. By posting User Content on the Site, you warrant and represent that you own the rights to the User Content or are otherwise authorized to post, distribute, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute User Content.
5. COMPLIANCE WITH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS. When accessing or using the Site, you agree to obey the law and to respect the intellectual property rights of others. Your use of the Site is at all times governed by and subject to laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or Content in violation of any party’s copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by any Content you provide, post, or transmit. The burden of proving that any Content does not violate any laws or intellectual property rights rests solely with you.
6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP. All Sierra Nevada Content included on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and/or video media, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Sierra Nevada and is protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Sierra Nevada and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Sierra Nevada or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international intellectual property laws. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Sierra Nevada or our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta-tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Sierra Nevada name or trademarks without the express written consent of Sierra Nevada. You may not use any direct linking or source-calling of any media presented on this website.
7. INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. Sierra Nevada has in place certain legally mandated procedures regarding allegations of copyright and other forms of intellectual property infringement occurring on the Site. Sierra Nevada’s policy is to investigate any allegations of intellectual property infringement brought to its attention. If you have evidence, know, or have a good faith belief that your rights or the rights of a third party have been violated and you want Sierra Nevada to delete, edit, or disable the material in question, you must provide Sierra Nevada with all of the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the subject work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringed or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Sierra Nevada to locate the material; (d) information reasonably sufficient to permit Sierra Nevada to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted; (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. For this notification to be effective, you must provide it to Sierra Nevada at info@sierranevada.com.
8. INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any Content that (a) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening; (b) advocates or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or foreign law or regulation; or (c) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services. Sierra Nevada reserves the right to terminate your receipt, transmission, or other distribution of any such material using the Service, and, if applicable, to delete any such material from its servers. Sierra Nevada intends to cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials or agencies in the investigation of any violation of these Terms of Use or of any applicable laws.
9. PROHIBITED USES. Sierra Nevada imposes certain restrictions on your permissible use of the Site and the Services. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Site or Services, including, without limitation, (a) accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Services, the Site, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site or Service, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” or “crashing;” (d) using the Site or Services to send unsolicited e-mail, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using the Services; or (f) attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used by Sierra Nevada in providing the Site or Services. Any violation of system or network security may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.
10. ALLEGED VIOLATIONS. Sierra Nevada reserves the right to terminate your use of the Site, and, in its sole discretion, to reject, to refuse to post, or to delete any Content on the Site for any reason. To ensure that Sierra Nevada provides a high quality experience for you and for other Users of the Site, you agree that Sierra Nevada or its representatives may access your account and records on a case-by-case basis to investigate complaints or allegations of abuse, infringement of third party rights, or other prohibited uses of the Site. Sierra Nevada does not intend to disclose the existence or occurrence of such an investigation unless required by law, but Sierra Nevada reserves the right to terminate your account or your access to the Site immediately, with or without notice to you, and without liability to you, if Sierra Nevada believes that you have violated any of the Terms of Use, furnished Sierra Nevada with false or misleading information, or interfered with use of the Site by other Users. Sierra Nevada assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Site for prohibited Content or conduct. If at any time Sierra Nevada chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Site, Sierra Nevada assumes no responsibility or liability for User Content or conduct, assumes no obligation to modify or remove prohibited Content, and assumes no responsibility or liability for prohibited User conduct. If you become aware of misuse of the Site or Services or of any prohibited Content or conduct, please report it to Sierra Nevada at info@sierranevada.com.
11. RETURN POLICY. We want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase of Sierra Nevada merchandise on www.sierranevadagiftshop.com. We will gladly replace, exchange, or return any damaged, defective or unused item, provided the following conditions are met: (a) The product has not performed within reasonable expectations. An exchange or refund will not be given for products that have been used or products that have been damaged as the result of customer misuse or neglect. (b) Please enclose the sales receipt and return information. (c) We are not able to return or exchange any food or personal care items unless they are damaged or defective upon receipt.
12. NO WARRANTIES. SIERRA NEVADA HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES. SIERRA NEVADA IS MAKING THE SITE AVAILABLE “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SIERRA NEVADA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. SIERRA NEVADA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
13. LIMITED LIABILITY. SIERRA NEVADA’S LIABILITY TO YOU IS LIMITED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SIERRA NEVADA BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA, REGARDLESS OF THE FORESEEABILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY SIERRA NEVADA. This limitation shall apply regardless of whether the damages arise out of breach of contract, tort, or any other legal theory or form of action.
14. AFFILIATED SITES. Sierra Nevada has no control over, and no liability for any third party websites or materials. Sierra Nevada works with a number of partners and affiliates whose Internet sites may be linked with the Site. Because neither Sierra Nevada nor the Site has control over the content and performance of these partner and affiliate sites, Sierra Nevada makes no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of the information provided by such sites, and Sierra Nevada assumes no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content that may reside on those sites. Similarly, from time to time in connection with your use of the Site, you may have access to content items (including, but not limited to, websites) that are owned by third parties. You acknowledge and agree that Sierra Nevada makes no guarantees about, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of this third party content, and that, unless expressly provided otherwise, these Terms of Use shall govern your use of any and all third party content.
15. INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify Sierra Nevada for certain of your acts and omissions. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sierra Nevada , its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives from any and all third party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from your access to or use of the Site, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. Sierra Nevada will notify you promptly of any such claim, loss, liability, or demand, and will provide you with reasonable assistance, at your expense, in defending any such claim, loss, liability, damage, or cost.
16. GOVERNING LAW. These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the United States and the State of California, without reference to their rules regarding conflicts of law. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in Butte County, California, USA in all disputes arising out of or related to the use of the Site.
17. SEVERABILITY; WAIVER. If, for whatever reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any term or condition in these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, all other terms and conditions will remain unaffected and in full force and effect. No waiver of any breach of any provision of these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.
18. NO LICENSE. Nothing contained in these Terms of Use or on the Site should be understood as granting you a license to use any of the trademarks, service marks, or logos owned by Sierra Nevada or by any third party.
19. MODIFICATIONS. Sierra Nevada may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, (a) revise these Terms of Use; (b) modify the Site; and (c) discontinue the Site at any time. Sierra Nevada shall post any revision to these Terms of Use to the Site, and the revision shall be effective immediately on such posting. You agree to review these Terms of Use and other online policies posted on the Site periodically to be aware of any revisions. You agree that, by continuing to use or access the Site following notice of any revision, you shall abide by any such revision.
20. TERMINATION. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of the Site. Sierra Nevada also reserves the right to terminate your use of the Site for any reason. Upon termination by either party, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Site or through the Service, as well as all copies of such materials, whether or not such copies were made in accordance with this Agreement.
21. COPYRIGHT. All contents of Site or Service are: Copyright © 2012 Sierra Nevada. All rights reserved.
22. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. BY USING OR ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE DATE: October 2, 2012 1. INTRODUCTION. Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.(“us,” “we,” “Company,” or “Sierra Nevada”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Company Website (“the Site”) at www.sierranevada.com and www.sierranevadagiftshop.com and the services provided through the Site (the “Services”). We created this Website Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
BY USING THE SITE AND OR PURCHASING PRODUCTS VIA THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE.
2. NOTICE CONCERNING UNDERAGE USERS. You must be at least twenty one (21) years of age to access our Site and/or purchase products and items from our Site. We do not direct any of our content at persons under 21 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of online privacy. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site user is under age 21, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account.
3. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
(3.1) TRAFFIC DATA COLLECTED. We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Site; (4) types of web browsers used to access the Site; and (5) your operating system (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for for improving your experience on the Site.
We also may use small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the site (“cookies”) to remember your age and birth date so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the Site may not work properly or at all.
(3.2) PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED. In order for you to access certain services and to purchase items and products that we offer via the Site, we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes the following categories of information: (1) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail address); and/or (2) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number). If you communicate with us via e-mail, or otherwise complete purchase orders, surveys, or any other online forms, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the collection of Personal Information is limited to that which is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified in Section 4, below. We will not use your information in a manner different than the purpose for which it is collected, without obtaining your consent prior to such use.
(3.3) CONTACTING SIERRA NEVADA. If you contact us to provide feedback, register a complaint, or ask a question, we will record any Personal Information and other content that you provide in your communication so that we can effectively respond to your communication. Any such contact with Sierra Nevada should be made pursuant to Section 9, below.
(3.4) ENFORCEMENT. We may use the information we collect in connection with your use of the Site or Services in order to investigate, enforce, and apply our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
4. USES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
(4.1) COMPANY USE OF INFORMATION. We use Contact Data to contact you when necessary. We will also use Contact Data to send you information about our company or our products or services only if you choose to opt in to receiving such information. We use your Financial Data to bill you for items and products.
(4.2) SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. We do not share Contact Data with other companies for the purposes of sending you information third party products or services. We may, however, share Contact Data and Financial Data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, or data storage and security) related to our operation of the Site. Those business partners have all agreed to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy, and they will only use your Contact Data, Financial Date, and other Personal Information to carry out their specific business obligations to Company.
5. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Use. Your Persona l Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. We provide you with the capability to transmit you Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser.
We limit the access to your Personal Information to those employees and contractors who need access to perform their job function. If you have any questions about the security on the Site, please contact us at info@sierranevada.com. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that your Personal Information will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SIERRA NEVADA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCH INADVERTENT DISCLOSURES OR ANY INTERCEPTED INFORMATION SENT VIA THE INTERNET, AND YOU HEREBY RELEASE US FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF INTERCEPTED INFORMATION IN ANY UNAUTHORIZED MANNER.
6. USER ABILITY TO ACCESS, UPDATE, AND CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION. We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains correct and up-to-date. At any time, you may contact us at info@sierranevada.com.
7. LOST OR STOLEN INFORMATION. You must promptly notify us if your credit card or other Financial Data is lost, stolen, or otherwise used without permission. In such an event, we will remove that credit card number from your account and update our records accordingly.
8. PUBLIC INFORMATION. The Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We also may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, product review boards, and news groups available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.
9. METHOD OF CONTACT. If you have a question or concern regarding this Privacy Policy, believe that this Privacy Policy has been violated, you may e-mail Sierra Nevada at info@sierranevada.com or write to the Sierra Nevada at the following address:
Privacy Policy Agent
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. 1075 E. 20th Street, Chico, CA 95928
In your correspondence, please describe your question, concern, or complaint in as much detail as possible. We will investigate and respond to you promptly.
10. LINKS. The Site may contain links to third party websites with which we have no affiliation. Except as set forth above, we do not share your Personal Information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites.
11. UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.



 
 
 
The Ultimate Oktoberfest

Official Rules
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
THIS PROMOTION IS OPEN TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE PARTICIPATING UNITED STATES JURISDICTION THAT IS IDENTIFIED IN THE PROMOTION’S POINT-OF-SALE ADVERTISEMENT (“POS”) WHO ARE AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE AT THE TIME OF ENTRY. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
BY ENTERING THIS PROMOTION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE OFFICIAL RULES. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THE RULES OR CONDITIONS WILL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION. WE’RE NOT MAD, JUST DISAPPOINTED. RESTRICTIONS APPLY SO PLEASE DO AS WE SAY.
1. PROMOTION PERIOD: August 1st, 2016 12:01 AM PST (Pacific Standard Time) through September 30th 2016 PST (Hereinafter, the “Promotion Period”).
2. ENTRY PROCEDURE(S): During the Promotion Period, participants may enter the Promotion in the following ways:
a. Via Text Message: participants may use their mobile phone to text one of the following keywords to 55155 and follow instructions to be entered into the Promotion: “OKTOBERFEST”, “PROST”, “RAISEAGLASS”, SIERRANEVADA”, “STEIN”, “TOAST”, “GIVEATOAST”, “HOPS”, “MALT”, “MARZEN”, “BARLEY”, “BEER”, “COLLABORATION”, “FEST”, “MAHRSBRAU”. Those participating by text message must have a mobile phone with text messaging capabilities to participate via their mobile phone. Participants entering this Promotion via text message may incur a standard text message and/or data charge from their wireless service provider. Participants are solely responsible for any such wireless charges. Alternatively, participants can enter by sending an email with their name and telephone number via email to beer@sierranevada.com. Limit: One text entry per wireless phone number per day; and, one emailed entry per day. No purchase necessary. No entry fee required. Text STOP to end. Text HELP for help or email beer@sierranevada.com.
b. Via Facebook: Facebook members may enter this Promotion by taking a photo of your best toast (“Photo”) and uploading an image of the Photo onto https://www.facebook.com/sierranevadabeer/. Facebook membership is free, and registration for a Facebook account can be obtained by going to http://facebook.com/ and following the onscreen instructions
c. Via Instagram: Instagram members may enter this Promotion by uploading the Photo to the participant’s public Instagram feed, using the #OktoberfestIT hashtag. Instagram membership is free, and registration for an Instagram account can be obtained by going to http://instagram.com and following the onscreen instructions.
d. Via Twitter: Twitter members may enter this Promotion by tweeting the Photo to @sierranevada and including the #OktoberfestIT hashtag in the Tweet. Twitter membership is free, and registration for a Twitter account can be obtained by going to https://twitter.com/ and following the onscreen instructions.
e. Via Website: Visit www.ultimateoktoberfest.com complete the Promotion registration form, and follow the onscreen instructions to enter the Promotion.
f. Via Email: Email beer@sierranevada.com with the subject “Ultimate Oktoberfest”. Include your full name and date of birth to be considered. Limit one email entry per day.
Limit one (1) entry per person per Promotion. You must have access to the internet, and be a registered member of at least one of the above-identified social media platform(s), and/or access to a mobile phone in order to participate in this Promotion. If a participant sends multiple entries from the same account, or from multiple accounts during the Promotion Period, only one (1) entry at the discretion of Sponsor will be counted for that participant.
Any entries not received by Sponsor in the manner herein specified will not be entered into the Promotion. No other attempted method of entry will be accepted. Personal information submitted in connection with this Promotion is governed by Sponsor’s Privacy Policy located at http://www.sierranevada.com/terms-and-policies. All entries submitted become the sole property of Sponsor and will not be returned. Mechanically reproduced, illegible, incomplete or inaccurate entries are void. Sponsor is not responsible for entries that are lost, late, misdirected, incomplete, incomprehensible, illegible, damaged, undeliverable or delayed.
4. ELIGIBILITY: This Promotion is offered and open only at participating locations to legal residents of such jurisdiction(s) as stated in the POS who are age 21 or older at time of entry. Void where prohibited. Employees, officers, lackeys, good friends, and representatives of Sponsor and its licensed industry members, including all retailers, manufacturers, and wholesalers, as well as industry members’ immediate families and/or households or pets, are not eligible to enter this Promotion. You guys live the dream every day, give somebody else a chance, will ya?
5. HOW TO WIN: Winner(s) will be chosen by random drawing held at Sponsor’s offices’ approximately fifteen (15) days after the end of the Promotion Period from among all qualifying entries, as selected by Sponsor or its agents. Sponsor holds the right to draw the local winners before the end of the promotional period if it deems it necessary to deliver prizes in a timely manner(“timely manner” is under the sole discretion of Sponsor). All decisions of the Sponsor are final in all matters relating to this Promotion. In the event there are no qualifying entries during the Promotion Period, there will be no winner selected for that Promotion. If a dispute arises about who submitted an entry, the entry will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder. The authorized account holder is deemed the natural person who is assigned the account from which the entry was submitted. Entry in the Promotion does not constitute entry into any other promotion, contest or sweepstakes. All decisions of Sponsor regarding the Promotion and/or the application of these Official Rules are final and binding.
6. PRIZE(S): Grand Prize: One (1) eligible contestant that submits the best entry will receive one (1) trip to Germany for two including travel and accommodations for a five (5) day trip equaling a value up to $10,000. Grand Prize Winner will be given three trips throughout 2017 (January 2017-December 2017) from which to choose. Each selection will include different activities and options depending on the time of year, and may or may not be valued at the same amount as the other selections. He/she will need to choose the time frame before December 31st 2016. Runners Up Prizes: 13 people will win a trip for two to the closest Sierra Nevada Oktoberfest located in either Chico, CA or Mills River, NC including travel, accomodations, and entry to the festival worth up to $2000 each. Local Winners: Twenty (20) people will win tickets for two into their local Sierra Nevada Oktoberfest valued at $100 each. All travel allocations will be based on closest airport to winners’ home address. Total prize value: $38,000.00.
Participants are not eligible to win more than one (1) prize per Promotion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Prize(s) are not redeemable for cash. No substitution or transfer of prizes will be permitted except at Sponsor’s sole discretion. All federal, state and local taxes and other fees associated with prize receipt and use are the sole responsibility of the winner. Any depictions of a prize are for illustrative purposes only. All prize details not covered by the POS or these Official Rules are at Sponsor’s sole discretion.
7. WINNER NOTIFICATION: Approximately thirty (30) days after the end of the Promotion Period, Sponsor will notify potential winners by
[for text promotions]: text message
[for social media promotions:] posting a comment under each winning entry with the e-mail address beer@sierranevada.com
[for website or postcard entries]: the e-mail address included on your entry form
Each potential winner must then respond to Sponsor, according to the instructions provided in the notification, within five (5) calendar days after the notification date to acknowledge and accept the prize. If the potential winner fails to respond within that five (5) calendar day period, or if the notification is undeliverable, the winner shall have forfeited the prize, and an alternative winner will be selected according to these rules. If the potential winner is ineligible, it will be deemed as if the potential winner has rejected the prize, and Sponsor will select a new winner. Again, give us correct contact info and respond when we come lookin’ or the party’s over for you. Prizes will be delivered within sixty (60) days after the end of the Promotion Period. All dates and times are subject to change in the event of technical issues affecting Sponsor’s website, Sponsor’s e-mail servers, third party websites used to administer the Promotion, the application, entry process, or selection process, in Sponsor’s sole discretion.
8. CONTENT SUBMISSION: If we asked you to create and submit visual, audiovisual, and/or written content in order to enter the Promotion, all entries and all content included therein (the “Content”) become the exclusive property of Sponsor. By entering such Promotion, you: (a) grant Sponsor permission to use, in perpetuity and at our sole discretion, your name and likeness on our website and any other promotional materials, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further notice or compensation to you, unless prohibited by law; (b) represent and warrant that you are the original creator of the Content and such material does not contain any elements created or owned by anyone else, or anything that violates a trademark, tradename, logo, likeness, copyright, patent, publicity, privacy or other rights of anyone else; (c) represent and warrant that the Content has not been produced or commercially exploited before; and (d) represent and warrant that the Content does not contain any defamatory, libelous, illegal or obscene material.
9. REASONS WHY YOUR ENTRY MIGHT BE AXED: (a) Your entry featured minors or any persons under the legal drinking age (except incidental and not part of the primary content.) C’mon guys, we all know you think your niece holding a beer bottle is cute, but we also know combining underage folks and beer is just a bad idea. (b) Your entry featured explicit nudity (by any person over and under the legal drinking age). Keep it in your pants…nobody needs to see that. (c) Your entry included disparaging context regarding competitive products. Of course we think we make the best beer in the world, but there are a lot of great beers that folks work really hard to bring to you. Can’t we all just get along? Any entry that fails to abide by these conditions will not be considered. These reasons are not intended to be exhaustive. Sponsor may disqualify any entry that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be offensive or obscene in any way.
10. DISCLAIMER, RELEASE AND INDEMNITY: By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees and acknowledges that neither Sponsor, Facebook, Inc., Instagram, LLC, Twitter, Inc. nor any of their respective employees, agents, representatives, contractors, service providers and professional advisers connected with this Promotion (hereinafter collectively the “Released Parties”) shall be responsible or liable for: (a) any late, lost, stolen, forged, mutilated, corrupted, incomplete, illegible or misdirected entries; (b) any errors, omissions, misinformation, or misidentification in an entry; (c) any dispute or claim arising from a participant’s participation in this Promotion or his/her entry, or his/her receipt, ownership or use of the prize; (d) any computer hardware, software, Internet, network, cable, phone, or other communication or technical errors, failures, malfunctions, interruptions, or delays; or (e) any damage to a participant’s or any other person’s computer hardware, software or data that results from participation in said Promotion or accessing, downloading or using any tools, files, data, software, or other articles or materials in connection with said Promotion. Sponsor also reserves the right to prohibit the participation of any individual if fraud or tampering is suspected, or the failure to comply with any provision of these Official Rules.
By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to release, discharge, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sponsor and the Released Parties from any and all claims, suits, causes of action, liabilities, damages, judgments, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) arising from or as a result of (i) his/her participation in this Promotion or his/her receipt, ownership or use of any prize awarded in this Promotion, (ii) his/her breach of any of the participant representations and warranties set forth in these Official Rules, and/or (iii) his/her breach or violation of any of the other provisions of these Official Rules.
11. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: Sponsor reserves the right, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in part, if fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor’s reasonable control impairs the integrity of this Promotion as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. If this Promotion or any web site associated therewith (or any portion thereof) becomes corrupted or otherwise does not permit entry, or if infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, actions by participants, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes, in Sponsor’s sole opinion, corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper operation of this Promotion, Sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to disqualify any individual implicated in such action, and/or to cancel, terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in part. Any attempt by a participant or any other individual to deliberately damage any online service or web site or undermine the legitimate operation of this Promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and should such an attempt be made Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and/or other remedies from any such person to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. In addition, Sponsor reserves the right to take down and remove any entry that becomes subject to a third-party claim for copyright infringement or for violation of any other right.
12. DISPUTES: This Promotion is governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without respect to conflict of law doctrines.
13. SPONSOR: This Promotion is sponsored by Sierra Nevada Brewing Co., 1075 East 20th Street, Chico, California 95928. See www.sierranevada.com. This Promotion is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter.
14. WINNER INFORMATION: To learn the actual number of entries received and the winners selected in this Promotion, please email your request to beer@sierranevada.com within sixty (60) after the end of the Promotion Period.
©2016 Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. SIERRA NEVADA® is a registered trademark of Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.
INSTAGRAM is a registered trademark of Instagram, LLC.
    FACEBOOK is a registered trademark of Facebook, Inc.
    TWITTER is a registered trademark of Twitter, Inc.



 
 
 
Standard Text-to-Win Promotions
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
THIS PROMOTION IS OPEN TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE PARTICIPATING UNITED STATES JURISDICTION THAT IS IDENTIFIED IN THE PROMOTION’S POINT-OF-SALE ADVERTISEMENT (“POS”) WHO ARE AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE AT THE TIME OF ENTRY. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
BY ENTERING THIS PROMOTION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE OFFICIAL RULES. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THE RULES OR CONDITIONS WILL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION. WE’RE NOT MAD, JUST DISAPPOINTED. RESTRICTIONS APPLY SO PLEASE DO AS WE SAY.
1. PROMOTION PERIOD: The Promotion start time, start date, end time, and end date will be as indicated on the POS (hereinafter, the “Promotion Period”).
2. ENTRY PROCEDURE(S): During the Promotion Period, participants may enter the Promotion in the following ways:
a. Via Text Message: participants may use their mobile phone to text (“keyword” on POS) to 55155 and follow instructions to be entered into the Promotion. Those participating by text message must have a mobile phone with text messaging capabilities to participate via their mobile phone. Participants entering this Promotion via text message may incur a standard text message and/or data charge from their wireless service provider. Participants are solely responsible for any such wireless charges. Alternatively, participants can enter by sending an email with their name and telephone number via email to beer@sierranevada.com. Limit: One text entry per wireless phone number per day; and, one emailed entry per day. No purchase necessary. No entry fee required. No additional msg/month. Text STOP to end[. Text HELP for help or email beer@sierranevada.com.
Any entries not received by Sponsor in the manner herein specified will not be entered into the Promotion. No other attempted method of entry will be accepted. Personal information submitted in connection with this Promotion is governed by Sponsor’s Privacy Policy located at http://www.sierranevada.com/terms-and-policies. All entries submitted become the sole property of Sponsor and will not be returned. Mechanically reproduced, illegible, incomplete or inaccurate entries are void. Sponsor is not responsible for entries that are lost, late, misdirected, incomplete, incomprehensible, illegible, damaged, undeliverable or delayed.
4. ELIGIBILITY: This Promotion is offered and open only at participating locations to legal residents of such jurisdiction(s) as stated in the POS who are age 21 or older at time of entry. Void in all other states and where prohibited. Employees, officers, lackeys, good friends, and representatives of Sponsor and its licensed industry members, including all retailers, manufacturers, and wholesalers, as well as industry members’ immediate families and/or households or pets, are not eligible to enter this Promotion. You guys live the dream every day, give somebody else a chance, will ya?
5. HOW TO WIN: Winner(s) will be chosen by random drawing held at Sponsor’s offices within approximately fifteen (15) days after the end of the Promotion Period from among all qualifying entries, as selected by Sponsor or its agents. All decisions of the Sponsor are final in all matters relating to this Promotion. In the event there are no qualifying entries during the Promotion Period, there will be no winner selected for that Promotion. If a dispute arises about who submitted an entry, the entry will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder. The authorized account holder is deemed the natural person who is assigned the account from which the entry was submitted. Entry in the Promotion does not constitute entry into any other promotion, contest or sweepstakes. All decisions of Sponsor regarding the Promotion and/or the application of these Official Rules are final and binding.
6. PRIZE(S): The total number of winners, number of prizes, description of prizes, and approximate retail value(s) of such prizes, are as indicated on the POS. Participants are not eligible to win more than one (1) prize per Promotion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Prize(s) are not redeemable for cash. No substitution or transfer of prizes will be permitted except at Sponsor’s sole discretion. All federal, state and local taxes and other fees associated with prize receipt and use are the sole responsibility of the winner. Any depictions of a prize are for illustrative purposes only. All prize details not covered by the POS or these Official Rules are at Sponsor’s sole discretion.
7. WINNER NOTIFICATION: Approximately thirty (30) days after the end of the Promotion Period, Sponsor will notify potential winners by
[for text promotions]: text message and/or phone call
[for email or postcard entries]: the e-mail address included on your entry form
Each potential winner must then respond to Sponsor, according to the instructions provided in the notification, within five (5) calendar days after the notification date to acknowledge and accept the prize. If the potential winner fails to respond within that five (5) calendar day period, or if the notification is undeliverable, the winner shall have forfeited the prize, and an alternative winner will be selected according to these rules. If the potential winner is ineligible, it will be deemed as if the potential winner has rejected the prize, and Sponsor will select a new winner. Again, give us correct contact info and respond when we come lookin’ or the party’s over for you. Prizes will be delivered within sixty (60) days after the end of the Promotion Period. All dates and times are subject to change in the event of technical issues affecting Sponsor’s website, Sponsor’s e-mail servers, third party websites used to administer the Promotion, the application, entry process, or selection process, in Sponsor’s sole discretion.
8. CONTENT SUBMISSION: If we asked you to create and submit visual, audiovisual, and/or written content in order to enter the Promotion, all entries and all content included therein (the “Content”) become the exclusive property of Sponsor. By entering such Promotion, you: (a) grant Sponsor permission to use, in perpetuity and at our sole discretion, your name and likeness on our website and any other promotional materials, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further notice or compensation to you, unless prohibited by law; (b) represent and warrant that you are the original creator of the Content and such material does not contain any elements created or owned by anyone else, or anything that violates a trademark, tradename, logo, likeness, copyright, patent, publicity, privacy or other rights of anyone else; (c) represent and warrant that the Content has not been produced or commercially exploited before; and (d) represent and warrant that the Content does not contain any defamatory, libelous, illegal or obscene material.
9. REASONS WHY YOUR ENTRY MIGHT BE AXED: (a) Your entry featured minors or any persons under the legal drinking age (except incidental and not part of the primary content.) C’mon guys, we all know you think your niece holding a beer bottle is cute, but we also know combining underage folks and beer is just a bad idea. (b) Your entry featured explicit nudity (by any person over and under the legal drinking age). Keep it in your pants…nobody needs to see that. (c) Your entry included disparaging context regarding competitive products. Of course we think we make the best beer in the world, but there are a lot of great beers that folks work really hard to bring to you. Can’t we all just get along? Any entry that fails to abide by these conditions will not be considered. These reasons are not intended to be exhaustive. Sponsor may disqualify any entry that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be offensive or obscene in any way.
10. DISCLAIMER, RELEASE AND INDEMNITY: By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees and acknowledges that neither Sponsor, nor any of their respective employees, agents, representatives, contractors, service providers and professional advisers connected with this Promotion (hereinafter collectively the “Released Parties”) shall be responsible or liable for: (a) any late, lost, stolen, forged, mutilated, corrupted, incomplete, illegible or misdirected entries; (b) any errors, omissions, misinformation, or misidentification in an entry; (c) any dispute or claim arising from a participant’s participation in this Promotion or his/her entry, or his/her receipt, ownership or use of the prize; (d) any computer hardware, software, Internet, network, cable, phone, or other communication or technical errors, failures, malfunctions, interruptions, or delays; or (e) any damage to a participant’s or any other person’s computer hardware, software or data that results from participation in said Promotion or accessing, downloading or using any tools, files, data, software, or other articles or materials in connection with said Promotion. Sponsor also reserves the right to prohibit the participation of any individual if fraud or tampering is suspected, or the failure to comply with any provision of these Official Rules.
By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to release, discharge, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sponsor and the Released Parties from any and all claims, suits, causes of action, liabilities, damages, judgments, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) arising from or as a result of (i) his/her participation in this Promotion or his/her receipt, ownership or use of any prize awarded in this Promotion, (ii) his/her breach of any of the participant representations and warranties set forth in these Official Rules, and/or (iii) his/her breach or violation of any of the other provisions of these Official Rules.
11. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: Sponsor reserves the right, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in part, if fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor’s reasonable control impairs the integrity of this Promotion as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. If this Promotion or any web site associated therewith (or any portion thereof) becomes corrupted or otherwise does not permit entry, or if infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, actions by participants, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes, in Sponsor’s sole opinion, corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper operation of this Promotion, Sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to disqualify any individual implicated in such action, and/or to cancel, terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in part. Any attempt by a participant or any other individual to deliberately damage any online service or web site or undermine the legitimate operation of this Promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and should such an attempt be made Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and/or other remedies from any such person to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. In addition, Sponsor reserves the right to take down and remove any entry that becomes subject to a third-party claim for copyright infringement or for violation of any other right.
12. DISPUTES: This Promotion is governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without respect to conflict of law doctrines.
13. SPONSOR: This Promotion is sponsored by Sierra Nevada Brewing Co., 1075 East 20th Street, Chico, California 95928. See www.sierranevada.com. This Promotion is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter.
14. WINNER INFORMATION: To learn the actual number of entries received and the winners selected in this Promotion, please email your request to beer@sierranevada.com within sixty (60) days after the end of the Promotion Period.
©2016 Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. SIERRA NEVADA® is a registered trademark of Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.



 
 
 

Cheers to Celebration
Official Rules
    NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
    CHEERS TO CELEBRATION (“SWEEPSTAKES”) IS OPEN ONLY TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE FIFTY (50) UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA WHO ARE TWENTY-ONE (21) YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AS OF DATE OF ENTRY. VOID OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND WHERE PROHIBITED. THE SWEEPSTAKES IS GOVERNED EXCLUSIVELY BY THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
    BY ENTERING THIS PROMOTION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE OFFICIAL RULES. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THE RULES OR CONDITIONS WILL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION. WE’RE NOT MAD, JUST DISAPPOINTED. RESTRICTIONS APPLY SO PLEASE DO AS WE SAY.
    1. PROMOTION PERIOD: Tuesday November 1st 12:01 AM PST (Pacific Standard Time) through Saturday December 31st 11:59 PM 2016 (From here on known as the “Promotion Period”)
    2. ENTRY PROCEDURE(S): During the Promotion Period, participants may enter the Promotion in the following ways:
    a. Via Text Message: participants may use their mobile phone to text (“keyword” on POS) to 55155 and follow instructions to be entered into the Promotion. Those participating by text message must have a mobile phone with text messaging capabilities to participate via their mobile phone. Participants entering this Promotion via text message may incur a standard text message and/or data charge from their wireless service provider. Participants are solely responsible for any such wireless charges. Alternatively, participants can enter by sending an email with their name and telephone number via email to Official RulesNO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.CHEERS TO CELEBRATION (“SWEEPSTAKES”) IS OPEN ONLY TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE FIFTY (50) UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA WHO ARE TWENTY-ONE (21) YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AS OF DATE OF ENTRY. VOID OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND WHERE PROHIBITED. THE SWEEPSTAKES IS GOVERNED EXCLUSIVELY BY THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.BY ENTERING THIS PROMOTION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE OFFICIAL RULES. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THE RULES OR CONDITIONS WILL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION. WE’RE NOT MAD, JUST DISAPPOINTED. RESTRICTIONS APPLY SO PLEASE DO AS WE SAY.1. PROMOTION PERIOD: Tuesday November 1st 12:01 AM PST (Pacific Standard Time) through Saturday December 31st 11:59 PM 2016 (From here on known as the “Promotion Period”)2. ENTRY PROCEDURE(S): During the Promotion Period, participants may enter the Promotion in the following ways:a. Via Text Message: participants may use their mobile phone to text (“keyword” on POS) to 55155 and follow instructions to be entered into the Promotion. Those participating by text message must have a mobile phone with text messaging capabilities to participate via their mobile phone. Participants entering this Promotion via text message may incur a standard text message and/or data charge from their wireless service provider. Participants are solely responsible for any such wireless charges. Alternatively, participants can enter by sending an email with their name and telephone number via email to beer@sierranevada.com . Limit: One text promotion. No purchase necessary. No entry fee required. No additional msg/month. Text STOP to end[. Text HELP for help or email beer@sierranevada.com b. Via Facebook: Facebook members may enter this Promotion by taking a photo of their favorite holiday tradition (“Photo”) and uploading an image of the Photo onto https://www.facebook.com/sierranevadabeer/ Facebook membership is free, and registration for a Facebook account can be obtained by going to http://facebook.com/ and following the onscreen instructions
c. Via Instagram: Instagram members may enter this Promotion by uploading the Photo to the participant’s public Instagram feed, using the #CelebrationAle hashtag. Instagram membership is free, and registration for an Instagram account can be obtained by going to http://instagram.com and following the onscreen instructions.
d. Via Twitter: Twitter members may enter this Promotion by tweeting the Photo to @SierraNevada and including the #CelebrationAle hashtag in the Tweet. Twitter membership is free, and registration for a Twitter account can be obtained by going to https://twitter.com/ and following the onscreen instructions.
e. Via Website: Visit www.celebrationale.com complete the Promotion registration form, and follow the onscreen instructions to enter the Promotion.
f. Via Postcard: Mail a 3x5 postcard with your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number to Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. at 1075 East 20th Street, Chico, California 95928.
Limit one (1) entry per household/address. You must have access to the internet, and be a registered member of at least one of the above-identified social media platform(s), in order to participate in this Promotion. If a participant sends multiple entries from the same account, or from multiple accounts during the Promotion Period, only one (1) entry at the discretion of Sponsor will be counted for that participant.
    Any entries not received by Sponsor in the manner herein specified will not be entered into the Promotion. No other attempted method of entry will be accepted. Personal information submitted in connection with this Promotion is governed by Sponsor’s Privacy Policy located at http://www.sierranevada.com/terms-and-policies. All entries submitted become the sole property of Sponsor and will not be returned. Mechanically reproduced, illegible, incomplete or inaccurate entries are void. Sponsor is not responsible for entries that are lost, late, misdirected, incomplete, incomprehensible, illegible, damaged, undeliverable or delayed.
    4. ELIGIBILITY: This Promotion is offered and open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and the district of Columbia who are age 21 or older at time of entry. Void in all other states and where prohibited. Employees, officers, lackeys, good friends, and representatives of Sponsor and its licensed industry members, including all retailers, manufacturers, and wholesalers, as well as industry members’ immediate families and/or households or pets, are not eligible to enter this Promotion. You guys live the dream every day, give somebody else a chance, will ya? Please note that there is a limit of one (1) prize per individual, household, street address, and/or e-mail address during any one (1) year period across all Sponsor’s promotions.
    5. HOW TO WIN: The first 2,000 people to send us a photo or text of their holiday tradition will receive a pair of Sierra Nevada tulip glasses(glassware)! Once glassware is out, the contest will end. Must have a valid shipping address to receive glassware-no PO boxes!
    6. PRIZE(S): Participants are not eligible to win more than one (1) prize (set of glassware) per household. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Prize(s) are not redeemable for cash. No substitution or transfer of prizes will be permitted except at Sponsor’s sole discretion. All federal, state and local taxes and other fees associated with prize receipt and use are the sole responsibility of the winner. Any depictions of a prize are for illustrative
    purposes only. All prize details not covered by the POS or these Official Rules are at Sponsor’s sole discretion. Sponsor is not responsible for lost or broken glassware.
    Prizes will be delivered within sixty (60) days of entry. All dates and times are subject to change in the event of technical issues affecting Sponsor’s website, Sponsor’s e-mail servers, third party websites used to administer the Promotion, the application, entry process, or selection process, in Sponsor’s sole discretion.
    8. CONTENT SUBMISSION: All entries and all content included therein (the “Content”) become the exclusive property of Sponsor. By entering such Promotion, you: (a) grant Sponsor permission to use, in perpetuity and at our sole discretion, your name and likeness on our website and any other promotional materials, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further notice or compensation to you, unless prohibited by law; (b) represent and warrant that you are the original creator of the Content and such material does not contain any elements created or owned by anyone else, or anything that violates a trademark, tradename, logo, likeness, copyright, patent, publicity, privacy or other rights of anyone else; (c) represent and warrant that the Content has not been produced or commercially exploited before; and (d) represent and warrant that the Content does not contain any defamatory, libelous, illegal or obscene material.
    9. REASONS WHY YOUR ENTRY MIGHT BE AXED: (a) Your entry featured minors or any persons under the legal drinking age (except incidental and not part of the primary content.) C’mon guys, we all know you think your niece holding a beer bottle is cute, but we also know combining underage folks and beer is just a bad idea. (b) Your entry featured explicit nudity (by any person over and under the legal drinking age). Keep it in your pants…nobody needs to see that. (c) Your entry included disparaging context regarding competitive products. Of course we think we make the best beer in the world, but there are a lot of great beers that folks work really hard to bring to you. Can’t we all just get along? Any entry that fails to abide by these conditions will not be considered. These reasons are not intended to be exhaustive. Sponsor may disqualify any entry that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be offensive or obscene in any way.
    10. DISCLAIMER, RELEASE AND INDEMNITY: By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees and acknowledges that neither Sponsor, Facebook, Inc., Instagram, LLC, Twitter, Inc. nor any of their respective employees, agents, representatives, contractors, service providers, participating retailers and professional advisers connected with this Promotion (hereinafter collectively the “Released Parties”) shall be responsible or liable for: (a) any late, lost, stolen, forged, mutilated, corrupted, incomplete, illegible or misdirected entries; (b) any errors, omissions, misinformation, or misidentification in an entry; (c) any dispute or claim arising from a participant’s participation in this Promotion or his/her entry, or his/her receipt, ownership or use of the prize; (d) any computer hardware, software, Internet, network, cable, phone, or other communication or technical errors, failures, malfunctions, interruptions, or delays; or (e) any damage to a participant’s or any other person’s computer hardware, software or data that results from participation in said Promotion or accessing, downloading or using any tools, files, data, software, or other articles or materials in connection with said Promotion. Sponsor also reserves
    the right to prohibit the participation of any individual if fraud or tampering is suspected, or the failure to comply with any provision of these Official Rules.
    By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to release, discharge, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sponsor and the Released Parties from any and all claims, suits, causes of action, liabilities, damages, judgments, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) arising from or as a result of (i) his/her participation in this Promotion or his/her receipt, ownership or use of any prize awarded in this Promotion, (ii) his/her breach of any of the participant representations and warranties set forth in these Official Rules, and/or (iii) his/her breach or violation of any of the other provisions of these Official Rules.
    11. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: Sponsor reserves the right, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in part, if fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor’s reasonable control impairs the integrity of this Promotion as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. If this Promotion or any web site associated therewith (or any portion thereof) becomes corrupted or otherwise does not permit entry, or if infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, actions by participants, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes, in Sponsor’s sole opinion, corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper operation of this Promotion, Sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to disqualify any individual implicated in such action, and/or to cancel, terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in part. Any attempt by a participant or any other individual to deliberately damage any online service or web site or undermine the legitimate operation of this Promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and should such an attempt be made Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and/or other remedies from any such person to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. In addition, Sponsor reserves the right to take down and remove any entry that becomes subject to a third-party claim for copyright infringement or for violation of any other right.
    12. DISPUTES: This Promotion is governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without respect to conflict of law doctrines.
    13. SPONSOR: This Promotion is sponsored by Sierra Nevada Brewing Co., 1075 East 20th Street, Chico, California 95928. See www.sierranevada.com. This Promotion is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter.
    14. WINNER INFORMATION: To learn the actual number of entries received and the winners selected in this Promotion, please email your request to beer@sierranevada.com within sixty (60) after the end of the Promotion Period.
    ©2016 Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. SIERRA NEVADA® is a registered trademark of Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.
    INSTAGRAM is a registered trademark of Instagram, LLC.
    FACEBOOK is a registered trademark of Facebook, Inc.
    TWITTER is a registered trademark of Twitter, Inc.