Terms and Conditions
TERMS OF USE OF WWW.SIERRANEVADA.COM AND WWW.SIERRANEVADAGIFTSHOP.COM PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THE SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF USE. DO NOT USE THE SITE IF YOU ARE UNWILLING OR UNABLE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS
  OF USE.
1. DEFINITIONS A “user” is someone who accesses, browses, crawls, scrapes, or in any way uses the Site. The terms “you” and “your” refer to you, as a user of the Site. The terms “we,” “us,” “our,” or “Sierra Nevada” refer to Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.,
  a California corporation. “Content” means all of the text, images, photos, audio, video, and all other forms of data or communication. “User Content” means Content that you submit or transmit to or through the Site, such as reviews, compliments, invitations,
  advice, and information that you display. “Sierra Nevada Content” means Content that we create and make available on the Site. “Third Party Content” means Content that is made available on the Site by parties other than Sierra Nevada or its users, such
  as data providers who license data to Sierra Nevada for use on the Site.
2. BINDING EFFECT. This is a binding agreement. By using the Internet site located at www.sierranevada.com and www.sierranevadagiftshop.com (collectively, the “Site”) or any service connected with the Site (the “Services”), you agree to abide by these
  Terms of Use, as they may be amended by Sierra Nevada from time to time in its sole discretion. Sierra Nevada will post a notice on the Site any time these Terms of Use have been changed or otherwise updated. It is your responsibility to review these
  Terms of Use periodically, and if at any time you find these Terms of Use unacceptable, you must immediately leave the Site and cease all use of the Site. YOU AGREE THAT BY USING THE SITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 21 YEARS OLD AND THAT YOU
  ARE LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
3. PRIVACY POLICY. Sierra Nevada respects your privacy and permits you to control the treatment of your personal information. A complete statement of Sierra Nevada’s current privacy policy can be found below, immediately following these Terms and Conditions. Sierra
  Nevada’s privacy policy is expressly incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
When you are required to open an account to purchase goods or products via the Site, you must complete the registration process by providing the complete and accurate information requested on the registration form. You will also be asked to provide a
  user name and password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You may not use the account, username, or password of someone else at any time. You agree to notify Sierra Nevada immediately on any unauthorized
  use of your account, user name, or password. Sierra Nevada shall not be liable for any loss that you incur as a result of someone else using your password, either with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for any losses incurred by Sierra
  Nevada, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives due to someone else’s use of your account or password.
4. USER CONTENT. You grant Sierra Nevada a license to use the materials you post to the Site. Any and all User Content posted to the Site may first be reviewed and approved by Sierra Nevada, which reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify,
  edit, or refuse to post any and all User Content. By posting, displaying, or otherwise transmitting User Content to the Site, you are granting Sierra Nevada , its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives a
  license to use User Content in connection with the operation of the Internet business of Sierra Nevada , its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives, including without limitation, a right to copy, distribute,
  transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat User Content. You will not be compensated for any User Content. You agree that Sierra Nevada may publish or otherwise disclose your name, if given, in connection
  with your User Content. By posting User Content on the Site, you warrant and represent that you own the rights to the User Content or are otherwise authorized to post, distribute, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute User Content.
5. COMPLIANCE WITH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS. When accessing or using the Site, you agree to obey the law and to respect the intellectual property rights of others. Your use of the Site is at all times governed by and subject to laws regarding copyright,
  trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or Content in violation of any party’s copyrights, trademarks, patents,
  trade secrets, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations
  of any laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by any Content you provide, post, or transmit. The burden of proving that any Content does not violate any laws or intellectual property rights rests solely with you.
6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP. All Sierra Nevada Content included on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and/or video media, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Sierra Nevada and
  is protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Sierra Nevada and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property
  of Sierra Nevada or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international intellectual property laws. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images,
  text, page layout, or form) of Sierra Nevada or our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta-tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Sierra Nevada name or trademarks without the express written consent of Sierra Nevada.
  You may not use any direct linking or source-calling of any media presented on this website.
7. INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. Sierra Nevada has in place certain legally mandated procedures regarding allegations of copyright and other forms of intellectual property infringement occurring on the Site. Sierra Nevada’s policy is to
  investigate any allegations of intellectual property infringement brought to its attention. If you have evidence, know, or have a good faith belief that your rights or the rights of a third party have been violated and you want Sierra Nevada to delete,
  edit, or disable the material in question, you must provide Sierra Nevada with all of the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
  (b) identification of the subject work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringed or to be the subject
  of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Sierra Nevada to locate the material; (d) information reasonably sufficient to permit Sierra Nevada to contact you,
  such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted; (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright
  owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. For this notification
  to be effective, you must provide it to Sierra Nevada at info@sierranevada.com.
8. INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any Content that (a) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening; (b) advocates or encourages conduct that could
  constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or foreign law or regulation; or (c) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services. Sierra Nevada
  reserves the right to terminate your receipt, transmission, or other distribution of any such material using the Service, and, if applicable, to delete any such material from its servers. Sierra Nevada intends to cooperate fully with any law enforcement
  officials or agencies in the investigation of any violation of these Terms of Use or of any applicable laws.
9. PROHIBITED USES. Sierra Nevada imposes certain restrictions on your permissible use of the Site and the Services. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Site or Services, including, without limitation,
  (a) accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Services, the Site, or any associated system or network, or
  to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site or Service,
  overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” or “crashing;” (d) using the Site or Services to send unsolicited e-mail, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header
  or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using the Services; or (f) attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code
  used by Sierra Nevada in providing the Site or Services. Any violation of system or network security may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.
10. ALLEGED VIOLATIONS. Sierra Nevada reserves the right to terminate your use of the Site, and, in its sole discretion, to reject, to refuse to post, or to delete any Content on the Site for any reason. To ensure that Sierra Nevada provides a high quality
  experience for you and for other Users of the Site, you agree that Sierra Nevada or its representatives may access your account and records on a case-by-case basis to investigate complaints or allegations of abuse, infringement of third party rights,
  or other prohibited uses of the Site. Sierra Nevada does not intend to disclose the existence or occurrence of such an investigation unless required by law, but Sierra Nevada reserves the right to terminate your account or your access to the Site immediately,
  with or without notice to you, and without liability to you, if Sierra Nevada believes that you have violated any of the Terms of Use, furnished Sierra Nevada with false or misleading information, or interfered with use of the Site by other Users. Sierra
  Nevada assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Site for prohibited Content or conduct. If at any time Sierra Nevada chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Site, Sierra Nevada assumes no responsibility or liability for User Content or conduct,
  assumes no obligation to modify or remove prohibited Content, and assumes no responsibility or liability for prohibited User conduct. If you become aware of misuse of the Site or Services or of any prohibited Content or conduct, please report it to
  Sierra Nevada at info@sierranevada.com.
11. RETURN POLICY. We want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase of Sierra Nevada merchandise on www.sierranevadagiftshop.com. We will gladly replace, exchange, or return any damaged, defective or unused item, provided the following conditions
  are met: (a) The product has not performed within reasonable expectations. An exchange or refund will not be given for products that have been used or products that have been damaged as the result of customer misuse or neglect. (b) Please enclose the
  sales receipt and return information. (c) We are not able to return or exchange any food or personal care items unless they are damaged or defective upon receipt.
12. NO WARRANTIES. SIERRA NEVADA HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES. SIERRA NEVADA IS MAKING THE SITE AVAILABLE “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE. TO THE MAXIMUM
  EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SIERRA NEVADA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.
  SIERRA NEVADA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
13. LIMITED LIABILITY. SIERRA NEVADA’S LIABILITY TO YOU IS LIMITED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SIERRA NEVADA BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
  LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA, REGARDLESS OF THE FORESEEABILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY SIERRA NEVADA. This limitation shall apply regardless of whether
  the damages arise out of breach of contract, tort, or any other legal theory or form of action.
14. AFFILIATED SITES. Sierra Nevada has no control over, and no liability for any third party websites or materials. Sierra Nevada works with a number of partners and affiliates whose Internet sites may be linked with the Site. Because neither Sierra
  Nevada nor the Site has control over the content and performance of these partner and affiliate sites, Sierra Nevada makes no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of the information provided by such sites, and Sierra Nevada assumes
  no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content that may reside on those sites. Similarly, from time to time in connection with your use of the Site, you may have access to content items (including, but not
  limited to, websites) that are owned by third parties. You acknowledge and agree that Sierra Nevada makes no guarantees about, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of this third party content, and that, unless
  expressly provided otherwise, these Terms of Use shall govern your use of any and all third party content.
15. INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify Sierra Nevada for certain of your acts and omissions. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sierra Nevada , its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives from
  any and all third party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from your access to or use of the Site, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your infringement, or infringement by any
  other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. Sierra Nevada will notify you promptly of any such claim, loss, liability, or demand, and will provide you with reasonable assistance, at your expense,
  in defending any such claim, loss, liability, damage, or cost.
16. GOVERNING LAW. These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the United States and the State of California, without reference to their rules regarding conflicts of law. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive
  jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in Butte County, California, USA in all disputes arising out of or related to the use of the Site.
17. SEVERABILITY; WAIVER. If, for whatever reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any term or condition in these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, all other terms and conditions will remain unaffected and in full force and effect. No waiver of
  any breach of any provision of these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized
  representative of the waiving party.
18. NO LICENSE. Nothing contained in these Terms of Use or on the Site should be understood as granting you a license to use any of the trademarks, service marks, or logos owned by Sierra Nevada or by any third party.
19. MODIFICATIONS. Sierra Nevada may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, (a) revise these Terms of Use; (b) modify the Site; and (c) discontinue the Site at any time. Sierra Nevada shall post any revision to these Terms of Use to the Site,
  and the revision shall be effective immediately on such posting. You agree to review these Terms of Use and other online policies posted on the Site periodically to be aware of any revisions. You agree that, by continuing to use or access the Site following
  notice of any revision, you shall abide by any such revision.
20. TERMINATION. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of the Site. Sierra Nevada also reserves the right to terminate your use of the Site for any reason. Upon termination by either party, you must
  promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Site or through the Service, as well as all copies of such materials, whether or not such copies were made in accordance with this Agreement.
21. COPYRIGHT. All contents of Site or Service are: Copyright © 2017 Sierra Nevada. All rights reserved.
22. LIMITATIONS ON EXCLUSIONS FROM LIABILITY.  SOME STATES AND/OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL AND/OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO ANY SUCH EXCLUSIONS CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT APPLY
  TO YOU.  By way of example, and not of exhaustive list of jurisdictions, any such exclusions of liability contained herein are not applicable to residents of New Jersey.  With respect to residents of New Jersey, we shall not be liable for
  any damages resulting from the use of this Site or Services unless such damages are the result of our negligent or reckless acts or omissions or as damages may otherwise be allowed pursuant to New Jersey law.
23. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. BY USING OR ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.

Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice Effective Date: May 25, 2018.
1. INTRODUCTION. Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. (“
  us,” “we,” or “Sierra
Nevada”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of www.sierranevada.com and any other website that we operate and that link to this Sierra Nevada Website Privacy Notice (together, the “Sites”).
  This Website Privacy Notice (“
  Privacy Notice”) describes how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your information, as well as what rights you have with regard to the information we maintain about you. 
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before using the Sites. If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Notice or our information practices, please contact us using the information below. 
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. is the data controller of the Personal Information collected under this Privacy Notice. Contact information for Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. can be found in Section 12 below.
2. NOTICE CONCERNING UNDERAGE USERS. Because Sierra Nevada is an alcoholic beverage company that is based in the United States, you must be at least twenty one (21) years of age to access, use, or make purchases from our Sites. We do
  not direct any content at, or knowingly collect Personal Information from or about, persons less than 21 years of age. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a user of our Sites is under age 21, we will promptly delete the Personal Information that
  we collected. 
3. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED. 
(3.1) PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED. In order for you to access certain services and to purchase items and products that we offer via the Site, we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you
  (“ Personal Information”). Personal Information includes the following categories of information: 
Contact Data, such as your name, mailing address, billing address, phone number, company name, and e-mail address;
Financial Data, such as your bank account or credit card number; 
Communication Data, such as the content of your communications when you complete surveys and online forms, provide us feedback, or otherwise email us with a comment or complaint; and
Other Identifying Data, such as your date of birth, IP address, and resume information (if you are applying for a job or internship with us). 
If you communicate with us via e-mail, or otherwise complete purchase orders, surveys, or any other online forms, any information provided in such communication may be collected.
(3.2) OTHER DATA COLLECTED. When you visit the Sites, we automatically track and collect other user data, including but not limited to our users’ domain servers, device types, browser types, search terms, operating systems, and other
  information about your use of the Sites. We cannot identify you by this information alone, but it is helpful for understanding our audience generally and improving your experience on the Sites.
4. USE OF INFORMATION. We will use your information as described below or at the time we collect it. 
(4.1) ACCESS. You must be at least 21 years of age to access our Sites. In order to comply with our legal obligations, we ask for your year and/or full date of birth in order to verify that you are old enough to access our Sites. Our
  legal basis for processing this Personal Data is pursuant to our legal obligations.
(4.2) REGISTRATION. We collect your Contact Data in order to create an account for you. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is pursuant to our legitimate interests.
(4.3) ADMINISTRATIVE COMMUNICATIONS. We use your Contact Data to respond to your feedback, complaints, questions, and other communications you send to us. We may also contact you to send you important administrative announcements, such
  as updates to this Privacy Notice and other legal documents and notices about your account, our company, or the Sites. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is pursuant to our legitimate interests.

(4.4) MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS. With your consent, we may use your Contact Data to send you marketing and other promotional information about our company or our products or services. You may opt out of marketing communications at any
  time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing email or by emailing us at privacy@sierranevada.com. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is pursuant to our legitimate interests or, where required by law, your consent.
(4.5) COMPLETION OF PURCHASE ORDERS. We use your Financial Data to bill you for items and products, and we use your Contact Data to provide purchase order confirmation and other communications related to your transaction. Our legal basis
  for processing this Personal Data is pursuant to our contract with you.We use a third party payment processor to process your payment card information on our behalf. Sierra Nevada does not maintain or store your payment card information. 
(4.6) IMPROVE USER EXPERIENCE. We may use Personal Information and other non-identifiable data to improve your experience by, for example, curating content and showing you advertisements tailored to your interests. Our legal basis for
  processing this Personal Data is pursuant to our legitimate interests.
(4.7) EMPLOYMENT APPLICATIONS. If you apply for employment through our website, we will use the Personal Information contained in your application to evaluate your potential employment with us. Our legal basis for processing this Personal
  Data is pursuant to our legitimate interests and/or our potential contract/employment relationship with you. We also use
  automated decision-making technology to determine your eligibility to work and enter into a contract with us – specially, whether you are at least 21 years of age and, for certain positions, whether you have a valid driver’s license.
  If you do not meet these criteria, we will not review your application. 
(4.8) ENFORCEMENT. We may use your Personal Information to investigate, enforce, and apply our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is pursuant to our legitimate interests or legal obligations.
5. PUBLIC FORUMS. We may make available, and you may participate in, public forums, including chat rooms, message boards, product review boards, news groups, and our social media pages. If you post in these public forums, the information
  (including any Personal Information) you post will be publically available to us and other users of our Sites. We have no control over how other users of our Sites may use or share your information. We recommend that you exercise caution when participating
  in public forums and posting information to those public forums.
6. SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We share your Personal Information with your consent, at your direction, or in the following circumstances: 
(6.1) SERVICE PROVIDERS. We may share your Personal Information with third parties that assist us in operating our Sites and our business by providing services related to hosting, data management, billing, fulfillment, marketing, and
  other operational services. We take steps to ensure that our service providers protect the Personal Information we share with them.

(6.2) CORPORATE TRANSACTION: If Sierra Nevada is acquired by or merged with or into another entity, or if all or substantially all of our assets are transferred to another entity, your Personal Information may be transferred to such entity
  as part of the transaction. If that entity has not committed to comply with this Privacy Notice, then we will give you the option to opt out of the transfer of your Personal Information to the successor entity.

(6.3) LEGAL OBLIGATIONS. We may share your Personal Information with third parties when it is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights, safety or property of Sierra Nevada or
  our users; or (c) enforce our Terms of Use. 
We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties’ own marketing purposes. 
7. COOKIES AND OTHER DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGY. A “
  Cookie” is a small text file that is sent to or accessed from your web browser or your computer’s hard drive. A Cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the Cookie originated, the “lifetime” of
  the Cookie (when it expires), and a randomly generated unique number or other similar identifier. A Cookie may also contain information about your computer, such as user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using our online services.

A “Web Beacon” (also called a “pixel tag” or “clear GIF”) is a piece of computer code that enables us to monitor user activity and website traffic. 
We refer to Cookies, web beacons (also known as pixel tags and clear GIFs) and other similar technology as “Data Collection Technology.” To learn more about cookies and web beacons, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Data Collection Technology helps us improve your experience on our online services. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web-based analytics tool that tracks and reports on the manner in which the website is used to help us to improve it. Google Analytics
  does this by placing Cookies on your device. The information that the Cookies collect, such as the number of visitors to the website, the pages visited and the length of time spent on the website, is aggregated. We also may use Data Collection Technology
  to collect information from the computer or device that you use to access our online services, such as your operating system type, browser type, domain and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone
  in which your computer or device is located. 
We generally use the following types of Data Collection Technologies, which may change from time to time: (i) Session Cookies, which expire once you close your browser; and (ii) Persistent Cookies, which stay on your computer until you delete them.
(7.1) YOUR CONTROL OF COOKIES: Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject Cookies or alert you when a Cookies is placed on your device. You may also be able to reject mobile
  device identifiers by activating the appropriate setting on your mobile device. Although you are not required to accept Cookies or mobile device identifiers, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all features available through our
  online services. 
(7.2) OUR POLICY ON DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS: Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) or similar feature that signals to websites that a user does not want to have his or her online activity and behavior tracked.
  If a website that responds to a particular DNT signal receives the DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain information about the browser’s user. We follow the DNT signals we receive from your browsers.
8. INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING. We may use third-party service providers to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. These advertising service providers may collect (through the use of Data Collection Technologies) information
  about your visits to and interactions with our Sites. In addition to the information about your visits to our Site, our service providers may also use the information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services
  available from us. If you would like more information about this practice, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Frequently Asked
Questions. To manage your third party advertising preference, you can use the NAI Consumer Opt Out mechanism. Note that if you opt out of interest-based advertising,
  you may still see advertisements – they will just not be tailored to your interests. 
9. SECURITY AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We use appropriate organizational and technical safeguards to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, or loss. For example, your Personal Information is stored
  on secure servers, and we provide you with the capability to transmit your Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser. We also limit access to your Personal Information to those employees and
  contractors who need access to perform their job function. If you have any questions about the security on the Sites, please contact us at privacy@sierranevada.com 
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee security. We recommend that you take reasonable measures to protect the Personal Information you submit through the Sites, such as keeping confidential your
  account username and password. 
We will maintain your Personal Information for as long as you have an account or as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected at the time of collection. We may also maintain some of your Personal Information as is necessary to: (a)
  comply with a legal or regulatory requirement; (b) protect our rights or property; (c) enforce our Terms of Use; or (d) carry out other legitimate business purposes. After we have satisfied the purpose for which your Personal Information was collected,
  we will either delete or anonymize it. 
10. USER RIGHTS AND CHOICES. If you would like to access or modify the Personal Information we maintain about you, please contact us at privacy@sierranevada.com. 
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have the following additional rights with respect to your Personal Information:

(10.1) RIGHT TO ACCESS AND RECEIVE. You may request a copy of or access to the Personal Information we hold about you. You may also request that we transfer your Personal Information to a third party in a machine-readable format. 
(10.2) RIGHT TO CORRECT. You may ask us to update or correct inaccurate or incomplete Personal Information we hold about you. 
(10.3) RIGHT TO LIMIT OR RESTRICT. You may have the right to request that we stop using all or some of your Personal Information or to limit our use of it. You also have the right to withdraw your consent to those Personal Information
  processing activities for which you have given us your consent. 
(10.4) RIGHT TO ERASE. You may have the right to request that we delete all or some of your Personal Information.
(10.5) RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT. You have the right to withdraw any consent you have previously given to Sierra Nevada at any time. Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our collecting, using, and sharing of your
  Personal Information prior to the withdrawal of your consent. Even if you withdraw your consent, we have the right to use your Personal Information if it has been fully anonymized and cannot be used to personally identify you.
(10.6) RIGHT TO COMPLAIN. You have the right to lodge a complaint with your Supervisory Authority if you are unhappy with how we process your Personal Information. You can find contact information for you Supervisory Authority on the
  European Commission Data Protection Authorities webpage or through other publicly available sources. 
(10.7) AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING. You have the right to express your point of view or contest any decision made as a result of automated decision-making technology, including any decision made about your employment application per Section
  4.7 above. You also have the right to ask that we manually review these aspects of your employment application. If we are required by applicable laws to provide you with an option to opt-out of such automated decision-making, we provide you with that option. 
(10.8) EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS. You may contact us at privacy@sierranevada.com to assert any of the above rights. We will respond as soon as possible.
11. NOTE TO INTERNATIONAL USERS. Sierra Nevada is headquartered in the United States, where the laws may not be as protective as the laws in your country. Please be advised that any Personal Information that you provide to us or that
  we gather on the Sites will be transferred to the United States. By using the Sites and providing your Personal Information to us, you acknowledge that your Personal Information will be transferred to and processed in the United States. 
12. THIRD PARTY LINKS. The Sites contain links to third party websites. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party
  websites. This Privacy Notice is only applicable to the Sites, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this
  Privacy Notice.
13. CONTACT US. If you have a question or concern regarding this Privacy Notice, you may contact us at privacy@sierranevada.com or write or call us at the following address:
Privacy Notice Compliance
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. 
1075 E. 20th Street
Chico, CA USA 95928
530-893-3520
In your correspondence, please describe your question, concern, or complaint in as much detail as possible. We will investigate and respond to you promptly.

14. UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY NOTICE. We may need to modify this Privacy Notice as the law or our data practices changes. If we make material changes, we will notify you of such changes by any reasonable means (e.g., notice on the
  Sites, email to the email address we have on file, etc.) prior to them becoming effective. Your continued use of the Site after receiving such notice means that you acknowledge and accept the revised Privacy Notice.


Standard Text-to-Win Promotions
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
THIS PROMOTION IS OPEN TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE PARTICIPATING UNITED STATES JURISDICTION THAT IS IDENTIFIED IN THE PROMOTION’S POINT-OF-SALE ADVERTISEMENT (“POS”) WHO ARE AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE AT THE TIME OF ENTRY. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
BY ENTERING THIS PROMOTION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE OFFICIAL RULES. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THE RULES OR CONDITIONS WILL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION. WE’RE NOT MAD, JUST DISAPPOINTED. RESTRICTIONS APPLY SO PLEASE DO AS WE SAY.
1. PROMOTION PERIOD: The Promotion start time, start date, end time, and end date will be as indicated on the POS (hereinafter, the “Promotion Period”).
2. ENTRY PROCEDURE(S): During the Promotion Period, participants may enter the Promotion in the following ways:
a. Via Text Message: participants may use their mobile phone to text (“keyword” on POS) to 55155 and follow instructions to be entered into the Promotion. Those participating by text message must have a mobile phone with text messaging capabilities to
  participate via their mobile phone. Participants entering this Promotion via text message may incur a standard text message and/or data charge from their wireless service provider. Participants are solely responsible for any such wireless charges. Alternatively,
  participants can enter by sending an email with their name and telephone number via email to beer@sierranevada.com. Limit: One text entry per wireless phone number per day; and, one emailed entry per day. No purchase necessary. No entry fee required.
  No additional msg/month. Text STOP to end. Text HELP for help or email beer@sierranevada.com.
Any entries not received by Sponsor in the manner herein specified will not be entered into the Promotion. No other attempted method of entry will be accepted. Personal information submitted in connection with this Promotion is governed by Sponsor’s Privacy
  Policy located at http://www.sierranevada.com/terms-and-policies. All entries submitted become the sole property of Sponsor and will not be returned. Mechanically reproduced, illegible, incomplete or inaccurate entries are void. Sponsor is not responsible
  for entries that are lost, late, misdirected, incomplete, incomprehensible, illegible, damaged, undeliverable or delayed.
4. ELIGIBILITY: This Promotion is offered and open only at participating locations to legal residents of such jurisdiction(s) as stated in the POS who are age 21 or older at time of entry. Void in all other states and where prohibited. Employees, officers,
  lackeys, good friends, and representatives of Sponsor and its licensed industry members, including all retailers, manufacturers, and wholesalers, as well as industry members’ immediate families and/or households or pets, are not eligible to enter this
  Promotion. You guys live the dream every day, give somebody else a chance, will ya?
5. HOW TO WIN: Winner(s) will be chosen by random drawing held at Sponsor’s offices within approximately fifteen (15) days after the end of the Promotion Period from among all qualifying entries, as selected by Sponsor or its agents. All decisions of
  the Sponsor are final in all matters relating to this Promotion. In the event there are no qualifying entries during the Promotion Period, there will be no winner selected for that Promotion. If a dispute arises about who submitted an entry, the entry
  will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder. The authorized account holder is deemed the natural person who is assigned the account from which the entry was submitted. Entry in the Promotion does not constitute entry into any other promotion,
  contest or sweepstakes. All decisions of Sponsor regarding the Promotion and/or the application of these Official Rules are final and binding.
6. PRIZE(S): The total number of winners, number of prizes, description of prizes, and approximate retail value(s) of such prizes, are as indicated on the POS. Participants are not eligible to win more than one (1) prize per Promotion. Sponsor reserves
  the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Prize(s) are not redeemable for cash. No substitution or transfer of prizes will be permitted except at Sponsor’s sole discretion. All federal, state and local taxes and other fees associated
  with prize receipt and use are the sole responsibility of the winner. Any depictions of a prize are for illustrative purposes only. All prize details not covered by the POS or these Official Rules are at Sponsor’s sole discretion.
7. WINNER NOTIFICATION: Approximately thirty (30) days after the end of the Promotion Period, Sponsor will notify potential winners by
[for text promotions]: text message and/or phone call
[for email or postcard entries]: the e-mail address included on your entry form
Each potential winner must then respond to Sponsor, according to the instructions provided in the notification, within five (5) calendar days after the notification date to acknowledge and accept the prize. If the potential winner fails to respond within
  that five (5) calendar day period, or if the notification is undeliverable, the winner shall have forfeited the prize, and an alternative winner will be selected according to these rules. If the potential winner is ineligible, it will be deemed as if
  the potential winner has rejected the prize, and Sponsor will select a new winner. Again, give us correct contact info and respond when we come lookin’ or the party’s over for you. Prizes will be delivered within sixty (60) days after the end of the
  Promotion Period. All dates and times are subject to change in the event of technical issues affecting Sponsor’s website, Sponsor’s e-mail servers, third party websites used to administer the Promotion, the application, entry process, or selection process,
  in Sponsor’s sole discretion.
8. CONTENT SUBMISSION: If we asked you to create and submit visual, audiovisual, and/or written content in order to enter the Promotion, all entries and all content included therein (the “Content”) become the exclusive property of Sponsor. By entering
  such Promotion, you: (a) grant Sponsor permission to use, in perpetuity and at our sole discretion, your name and likeness on our website and any other promotional materials, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further notice
  or compensation to you, unless prohibited by law; (b) represent and warrant that you are the original creator of the Content and such material does not contain any elements created or owned by anyone else, or anything that violates a trademark, tradename,
  logo, likeness, copyright, patent, publicity, privacy or other rights of anyone else; (c) represent and warrant that the Content has not been produced or commercially exploited before; and (d) represent and warrant that the Content does not contain
  any defamatory, libelous, illegal or obscene material.
9. REASONS WHY YOUR ENTRY MIGHT BE AXED: (a) Your entry featured minors or any persons under the legal drinking age (except incidental and not part of the primary content.) C’mon guys, we all know you think your niece holding a beer bottle is cute, but
  we also know combining underage folks and beer is just a bad idea. (b) Your entry featured explicit nudity (by any person over and under the legal drinking age). Keep it in your pants…nobody needs to see that. (c) Your entry included disparaging context
  regarding competitive products. Of course we think we make the best beer in the world, but there are a lot of great beers that folks work really hard to bring to you. Can’t we all just get along? Any entry that fails to abide by these conditions will
  not be considered. These reasons are not intended to be exhaustive. Sponsor may disqualify any entry that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be offensive or obscene in any way.
10. DISCLAIMER, RELEASE AND INDEMNITY: By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees and acknowledges that neither Sponsor, nor any of their respective employees, agents, representatives, contractors, service providers and professional advisers
  connected with this Promotion (hereinafter collectively the “Released Parties”) shall be responsible or liable for: (a) any late, lost, stolen, forged, mutilated, corrupted, incomplete, illegible or misdirected entries; (b) any errors, omissions, misinformation,
  or misidentification in an entry; (c) any dispute or claim arising from a participant’s participation in this Promotion or his/her entry, or his/her receipt, ownership or use of the prize; (d) any computer hardware, software, Internet, network, cable,
  phone, or other communication or technical errors, failures, malfunctions, interruptions, or delays; or (e) any damage to a participant’s or any other person’s computer hardware, software or data that results from participation in said Promotion or
  accessing, downloading or using any tools, files, data, software, or other articles or materials in connection with said Promotion. Sponsor also reserves the right to prohibit the participation of any individual if fraud or tampering is suspected, or
  the failure to comply with any provision of these Official Rules.
By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to release, discharge, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sponsor and the Released Parties from any and all claims, suits, causes of action, liabilities,
  damages, judgments, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) arising from or as a result of (i) his/her participation in this Promotion or his/her receipt, ownership or use of any prize awarded in this Promotion, (ii) his/her
  breach of any of the participant representations and warranties set forth in these Official Rules, and/or (iii) his/her breach or violation of any of the other provisions of these Official Rules.
11. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: Sponsor reserves the right, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in part, if fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor’s reasonable
  control impairs the integrity of this Promotion as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. If this Promotion or any web site associated therewith (or any portion thereof) becomes corrupted or otherwise does not permit entry, or if infection by
  computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, actions by participants, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes, in Sponsor’s sole opinion, corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper operation
  of this Promotion, Sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to disqualify any individual implicated in such action, and/or to cancel, terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole
  or in part. Any attempt by a participant or any other individual to deliberately damage any online service or web site or undermine the legitimate operation of this Promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and should such an attempt be made
  Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and/or other remedies from any such person to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. In addition, Sponsor reserves the right to take down and remove any entry that becomes subject to a third-party
  claim for copyright infringement or for violation of any other right.
12. DISPUTES: This Promotion is governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without respect to conflict of law doctrines.
13. SPONSOR: This Promotion is sponsored by Sierra Nevada Brewing Co., 1075 East 20th Street, Chico, California 95928. See www.sierranevada.com. This Promotion is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Instagram
  or Twitter.
14. WINNER INFORMATION: To learn the actual number of entries received and the winners selected in this Promotion, please email your request to beer@sierranevada.com within sixty (60) days after the end of the Promotion Period.
©2016 Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. SIERRA NEVADA® is a registered trademark of Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.

Craft Your Tailgate


        NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A
        PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
    


 


    THIS PROMOTION IS OPEN TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE PARTICIPATING UNITED
    STATES WHO ARE AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE AT THE TIME OF ENTRY. VOID WHERE
    PROHIBITED BY LAW.





    BY ENTERING THIS PROMOTION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE OFFICIAL RULES.
    FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THE RULES OR CONDITIONS WILL RESULT IN
    DISQUALIFICATION. WE’RE NOT MAD, JUST DISAPPOINTED. RESTRICTIONS APPLY SO
    PLEASE DO AS WE SAY.




    1. PROMOTION PERIOD: September 1st, 2018 12:01 AM PST
    (Pacific Standard Time) through October 31st, 2018 PST
    (Hereinafter, the “Promotion Period”).




    2. ENTRY PROCEDURE(S): During the Promotion Period, participants may
    enter the Promotion in the following ways:


    a. Via Text Message: Participants may use their
    mobile phone to text the keyword TAILGATE keyword to 69922. Those
    participating by text message must have a mobile phone with text messaging
    capabilities to participate via their mobile phone.
    
        Participants entering this Promotion via text message may incur a
        standard text message and/or data charge from their wireless service
        provider. Participants are solely responsible for any such wireless
        charges
    
    . Alternatively, participants can enter by sending an email with their name
and telephone number via email tobeer@sierranevada.com.    Limit:
    
        One text entry per wireless phone number per day; and, one emailed
        entry per day.
    

        No purchase necessary. No entry fee required. Text STOP to end. Text
HELP for help or email        beer@sierranevada.com

    .


b. Via Email: Email    beer@sierranevada.com with the
    subject “Craft Your Tailgate.” Include your full name and date of birth to
    be considered. Limit one email entry per day.




Limit one (1) entry per person per Day Promotion
    . You must have access the internet and/or to a mobile phone to participate
    in this Promotion. If a participant sends multiple entries from the same
    account, or from multiple accounts during the Promotion Period, only one
    (1) entry at the discretion of Sponsor will be counted for that participant
    per day. 




    Any entries not received by Sponsor in the manner herein specified will not
    be entered into the Promotion. No other attempted method of entry will be
    accepted. Personal information submitted in connection with this Promotion
    is governed by Sponsor’s Privacy Policy located at
    
        http://www.sierranevada.com/terms-and-policies
    
    . All entries submitted become the sole property of Sponsor and will not be
returned.    Mechanically reproduced, illegible, incomplete or inaccurate entries
    are void. Sponsor is not responsible for entries that are lost, late,
    misdirected, incomplete, incomprehensible, illegible, damaged,
    undeliverable or delayed.


    4. ELIGIBILITY: This Promotion is offered and open only at
    participating locations to legal residents of such jurisdiction(s) as
    stated in the POS who are age 21 or older at time of entry. Void where
    prohibited. Employees, officers, lackeys, good friends, and representatives
    of Sponsor and its licensed industry members, including all retailers,
    manufacturers, and wholesalers, as well as industry members’ immediate
    families and/or households or pets, are not eligible to enter this
    Promotion. You guys live the dream every day, give somebody else a chance,
    will ya?


    5. HOW TO WIN: Winner(s) will be chosen by Sponsor approximately
    fifteen (15) days after the end of the Promotion Period from among all
    qualifying entries, as selected by Sponsor or its agents. Sponsor holds the
    right to draw the local winners before the end of the promotional period if
    it deems it necessary to deliver prizes in a timely manner (“timely manner”
    is under the sole discretion of Sponsor). All decisions of the Sponsor are
    final in all matters relating to this Promotion. In the event there are no
    qualifying entries during the Promotion Period, there will be no winner
    selected for that Promotion. If a dispute arises about who submitted an
    entry, the entry will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder.
    The authorized account holder is deemed the natural person who is assigned
    the account from which the entry was submitted. Entry in the Promotion does
    not constitute entry into any other promotion, contest or sweepstakes. All
    decisions of Sponsor regarding the Promotion and/or the application of
    these Official Rules are final and binding.




    6. PRIZE(S): Grand Prize: One thousand (1,000) participants
    will be selected to win a set of custom tap handle grilling tools as
    winners of the Promotion. 


    Participants are not eligible to win more than one (1) prize per Promotion.
    Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value.
    Prize(s) are not redeemable for cash. No substitution or transfer of prizes
    will be permitted except at Sponsor’s sole discretion. All federal, state
    and local taxes and other fees associated with prize receipt and use are
    the sole responsibility of the winner. Any depictions of a prize are for
    illustrative purposes only. All prize details not covered by the POS or
    these Official Rules are at Sponsor’s sole discretion. Custom grilling
    tools ARV is $30 per set.


    7. WINNER NOTIFICATION: Approximately thirty (30) days after the end
    of the Promotion Period, Sponsor will notify potential winners by text
    message or by email using the e-mail address included on your entry form.


    Each potential winner must then respond to Sponsor, according to the
    instructions provided in the notification, within five (5) calendar days
    after the notification date to acknowledge and accept the prize. If the
    potential winner fails to respond within that five (5) calendar day period,
    or if the notification is undeliverable, the winner shall have forfeited
    the prize, and an alternative winner will be selected according to these
    rules. If the potential winner is ineligible, it will be deemed as if the
    potential winner has rejected the prize, and Sponsor will select a new
    winner. Again, give us correct contact info and respond when we come
    lookin’ or the party’s over for you. Prizes will be delivered within sixty
    (60) days after the end of the Promotion Period. All dates and times are
    subject to change in the event of technical issues affecting Sponsor’s
    website, Sponsor’s e-mail servers, third party websites used to administer
    the Promotion, the application, entry process, or selection process, in
    Sponsor’s sole discretion. 


    8. CONTENT SUBMISSION: If we asked you to create and submit visual,
    audiovisual, and/or written content to enter the Promotion, all entries and
    all content included therein (the “Content”) become the exclusive property
    of Sponsor. By entering such Promotion, you: (a) grant Sponsor permission
    to use, in perpetuity and at our sole discretion, your name and likeness on
    our website and any other promotional materials, in any and all media now
    known or hereafter devised, without further notice or compensation to you,
    unless prohibited by law; (b) represent and warrant that you are the
    original creator of the Content and such material does not contain any
    elements created or owned by anyone else, or anything that violates a
    trademark, tradename, logo, likeness, copyright, patent, publicity, privacy
    or other rights of anyone else; (c) represent and warrant that the Content
    has not been produced or commercially exploited before; and (d) represent
    and warrant that the Content does not contain any defamatory, libelous,
    illegal or obscene material.





    9. REASONS WHY YOUR ENTRY MIGHT BE AXED: (a) Your entry featured
    minors or any persons under the legal drinking age (except incidental and
    not part of the primary content.) C’mon guys, we all know you think your
    niece holding a beer bottle is cute, but we also know combining underage
    folks and beer is just a bad idea. (b) Your entry featured explicit nudity
    (by any person over and under the legal drinking age). Keep it in your
    pants…nobody needs to see that. (c) Your entry included disparaging context
    regarding competitive products. Of course, we think we make the best beer
    in the world, but there are a lot of great beers that folks work really
    hard to bring to you. Can’t we all just get along? Any entry that fails to
    abide by these conditions will not be considered. These reasons are not
    intended to be exhaustive. Sponsor may disqualify any entry that it deems,
    in its sole discretion, to be offensive or obscene in any way.


    10. DISCLAIMER, RELEASE AND INDEMNITY: By entering this Promotion,
    each participant agrees and acknowledges that neither Sponsor, Facebook,
    Inc., Instagram, LLC, Twitter, Inc. nor any of their respective employees,
    agents, representatives, contractors, service providers and professional
    advisers connected with this Promotion (hereinafter collectively the
    “Released Parties”) shall be responsible or liable for: (a) any late, lost,
    stolen, forged, mutilated, corrupted, incomplete, illegible or misdirected
    entries; (b) any errors, omissions, misinformation, or misidentification in
    an entry; (c) any dispute or claim arising from a participant’s
    participation in this Promotion or his/her entry, or his/her receipt,
    ownership or use of the prize; (d) any computer hardware, software,
    Internet, network, cable, phone, or other communication or technical
    errors, failures, malfunctions, interruptions, or delays; or (e) any damage
    to a participant’s or any other person’s computer hardware, software or
    data that results from participation in said Promotion or accessing,
    downloading or using any tools, files, data, software, or other articles or
    materials in connection with said Promotion. Sponsor also reserves the
    right to prohibit the participation of any individual if fraud or tampering
    is suspected, or the failure to comply with any provision of these Official Rules.


    By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees, to the maximum extent
    permitted by applicable law, to release, discharge, indemnify, defend, and
    hold harmless Sponsor and the Released Parties from any and all claims,
    suits, causes of action, liabilities, damages, judgments, costs and
    expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) arising from or
    as a result of (i) his/her participation in this Promotion or his/her
    receipt, ownership or use of any prize awarded in this Promotion, (ii)
    his/her breach of any of the participant representations and warranties set
    forth in these Official Rules, and/or (iii) his/her breach or violation of
    any of the other provisions of these Official Rules.


    11. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: Sponsor reserves the right, to the extent
    permitted by applicable law, to terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this
    Promotion, in whole or in part, if fraud, technical failures or any other
    factor beyond Sponsor’s reasonable control impairs the integrity of this
    Promotion as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. If this
    Promotion or any web site associated therewith (or any portion thereof)
    becomes corrupted or otherwise does not permit entry, or if infection by
    computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, actions by
    participants, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes, in Sponsor’s
    sole opinion, corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness,
    integrity, or proper operation of this Promotion, Sponsor reserves the
    right, at its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable
    law, to disqualify any individual implicated in such action, and/or to
    cancel, terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in
    part. Any attempt by a participant or any other individual to deliberately
    damage any online service or web site or undermine the legitimate operation
    of this Promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such
    an attempt be made Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and/or other
    remedies from any such person to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
    law. In addition, Sponsor reserves the right to take down and remove any
    entry that becomes subject to a third-party claim for copyright
    infringement or for violation of any other right.


    12. DISPUTES: This Promotion is governed by the laws of the United
    States and the laws of the State of California, without respect to conflict
    of law doctrines.


    13. SPONSOR: This Promotion is sponsored by Sierra Nevada Brewing
Co., 1075 East 20th Street, Chico, California 95928. See    www.sierranevada.com. This
    Promotion is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or
    associated with, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter.


    14. WINNER INFORMATION: To learn the actual number of entries
    received and the winners selected in this Promotion, please email your
    request to beer@sierranevada.com
    within sixty (60) after the end of the Promotion Period.


    ©2018 Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.


    SIERRA NEVADA® is a registered trademark of Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.


    INSTAGRAM is a registered trademark of Instagram, LLC.


    FACEBOOK is a registered trademark of Facebook, Inc.


    TWITTER is a registered trademark of Twitter, Inc.

Inspire Your Summer
(the “Promotion”) Official Rules
  

 
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
  

                                                                                                                  

THIS PROMOTION IS OPEN TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE PARTICIPATING UNITED STATES WHO ARE AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE AT THE TIME OF ENTRY.  VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.  
  

 
BY ENTERING THIS PROMOTION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE OFFICIAL RULES. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THE RULES OR CONDITIONS WILL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION. WE’RE NOT MAD, JUST DISAPPOINTED. RESTRICTIONS APPLY SO PLEASE DO AS WE SAY. 
  

 
1.         PROMOTION PERIOD: May 1st, 2018 12:01 AM PST (Pacific Standard Time) through July 31st 2018 PST (Hereinafter, the “Promotion Period”).
  
  

 
2.         ENTRY PROCEDURE(S): During the Promotion Period, participants may enter the Promotion in the following ways: 
  
  

 

Via Text Message:
 participants may use their mobile phone to text the keyword SUMMER keyword to 69922. Those participating by text message must have a mobile phone with text messaging capabilities to participate via their mobile phone. Participants entering this Promotion via text message may incur a standard text message and/or data charge from their wireless service provider. Participants are solely responsible for any such wireless charges. Alternatively, participants can enter by sending an email with their name and telephone number via email to 
beer@sierranevada.com
. Limit: One text entry per wireless phone number per day; and, one emailed entry per day. No purchase necessary. No entry fee required. Text STOP to end. Text HELP for help or email 
beer@sierranevada.com.  

 

Via Email: 

Email beer@sierranevada.com
 with the subject “Inspire Your Summer”. Include your full name and date of birth to be considered. Limit one email entry per day.


  
  

Limit one (1) entry per person per Day Promotion.  You must have access the internet and/or to a mobile phone in order to participate in this Promotion. If a participant sends multiple entries from the same account, or from multiple accounts during the Promotion Period, only one (1) entry at the discretion of Sponsor will be counted for that participant per day.  
  
  

 
Any entries not received by Sponsor in the manner herein specified will not be entered into the Promotion.  No other attempted method of entry will be accepted.  Personal information submitted in connection with this Promotion is governed by Sponsor’s Privacy Policy located at 
  http://www.sierranevada.com/terms-and-policies.  All entries submitted become the sole property of Spon
    sor and will not be returned.  Mechanically reproduced, illegible, incomplete or inaccurate entries are void. Sponsor is not responsible for entries that are lost, late, misdirected, incomplete, incomprehensible, illegible, damaged, undeliverable
      or delayed.
      
      
      

 
4.         ELIGIBILITY: This Promotion is offered and open only at participating locations to legal residents of such jurisdiction(s) as stated in the POS who are age 21 or older at time of entry.  Void where prohibited.  Employees, officers, lackeys, good friends, and representatives of Sponsor and its licensed industry members, including all retailers, manufacturers, and wholesalers, as well as industry members’ immediate families and/or households or pets, are not eligible to enter this Promotion. You guys live the dream every day, give somebody else a chance, will ya?
  
  

  
  

5.         HOW TO WIN:  Winner(s) will be chosen by Sponsor approximately fifteen (15) days after the end of the Promotion Period from among all qualifying entries, as selected by Sponsor or its agents. Sponsor holds the right to draw the local winners before the end of the promotional period if it deems it necessary to deliver prizes in a timely manner (“timely manner” is under the sole discretion of Sponsor). All decisions of the Sponsor are final in all matters relating to this Promotion.  In the event there are no qualifying entries during the Promotion Period, there will be no winner selected for that Promotion.  If a dispute arises about who submitted an entry, the entry will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder.  The authorized account holder is deemed the natural person who is assigned the account from which the entry was submitted.  Entry in the Promotion does not constitute entry into any other promotion, contest or sweepstakes.  All decisions of Sponsor regarding the Promotion and/or the application of these Official Rules are final and binding.
  
  

 
6.         PRIZE(S): Grand Prize: Each month, Thirty (30) participants will win one, “Summer Prize” including, but not limited to, hammocks, cooler backpacks, tents, water bottles etc. for a total of ninety (90) winners for the Promotion. 
  
  

 
Participants are not eligible to win more than one (1) prize per Promotion.  Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Prize(s) are not redeemable for cash. No substitution or transfer of prizes will be permitted except at Sponsor’s sole discretion. All federal, state and local taxes and other fees associated with prize receipt and use are the sole responsibility of the winner.  Any depictions of a prize are for illustrative purposes only.  All
  prize details not covered by the POS or these Official Rules are at Sponsor’s sole discretion.  Prize ARV are as follows: Tent ARV $150 each; hammock ARV $70 each; cooler backpack $100 each. 
  
  
  

 
7.         WINNER NOTIFICATION:  Approximately thirty (30) days after the end of the Promotion Period, Sponsor will notify potential winners by text message or by email using the e-mail address included on your entry form.
  
  

 
Each potential winner must then respond to Sponsor, according to the instructions provided in the notification, within five (5) calendar days after the notification date to acknowledge and accept the prize. If the potential winner fails to respond within that five (5) calendar day period, or if the notification is undeliverable, the winner shall have forfeited the prize, and an alternative winner will be selected according to these rules. If the potential winner is ineligible, it will be deemed as if the potential winner has rejected the prize, and Sponsor will select a new winner.  Again, give us correct contact info and respond when we come lookin’ or the party’s over for you.  Prizes will be delivered within sixty (60) days after the end of the Promotion Period.  All dates and times are subject to change in the event of technical issues affecting Sponsor’s website, Sponsor’s e-mail servers, third party websites used to administer the Promotion, the application, entry process, or selection process, in Sponsor’s sole discretion.   
  
  

 
8.         CONTENT SUBMISSION: If we asked you to create and submit visual, audiovisual, and/or written content in order to enter the Promotion, all entries and all content included therein (the “Content”) become the exclusive property of Sponsor. By entering such Promotion, you: (a) grant Sponsor permission to use, in perpetuity and at our sole discretion, your name and likeness on our website and any other promotional materials, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further notice or compensation to you, unless prohibited by law; (b) represent and warrant that you are the original creator of the Content and such material does not contain any elements created or owned by anyone else, or anything that violates a trademark, tradename, logo, likeness, copyright, patent, publicity, privacy or other rights of anyone else; (c) represent and warrant that the Content has not been produced or commercially exploited before; and (d) represent and warrant that the Content does not contain any defamatory, libelous, illegal or obscene material.
  

 
9.         REASONS WHY YOUR ENTRY MIGHT BE AXED: (a) Your entry featured minors or any persons under the legal drinking age (except incidental and not part of the primary content.) C’mon guys, we all know you think your niece holding a beer bottle is cute, but we also know combining underage folks and beer is just a bad idea. (b) Your entry featured explicit nudity (by any person over and under the legal drinking age). Keep it in your pants…nobody needs to see that. (c) Your entry included disparaging context regarding competitive products. Of course we think we make the best beer in the world, but there are a lot of great beers that folks work really hard to bring to you. Can’t we all just get along? Any entry that fails to abide by these conditions will not be considered.  These reasons are not intended to be exhaustive.  Sponsor may disqualify any entry that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be offensive or obscene in any way. 
  

 
10.       DISCLAIMER, RELEASE AND INDEMNITY: By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees and acknowledges that neither Sponsor, Facebook, Inc., Instagram, LLC, Twitter, Inc. nor any of their respective employees, agents, representatives, contractors, service providers and professional advisers connected with this Promotion (hereinafter collectively the “Released Parties”) shall be responsible or liable for: (a) any late, lost, stolen, forged, mutilated, corrupted, incomplete, illegible or misdirected entries; (b) any errors, omissions, misinformation, or misidentification in an entry; (c) any dispute or claim arising from a participant’s participation in this Promotion or his/her entry, or his/her receipt, ownership or use of the prize; (d) any computer hardware, software, Internet, network, cable, phone, or other communication or technical errors, failures, malfunctions, interruptions, or delays; or (e) any damage to a participant’s or any other person’s computer hardware, software or data that results from participation in said Promotion or accessing, downloading or using any tools, files, data, software, or other articles or materials in connection with said Promotion. Sponsor also reserves the right to prohibit the participation of any individual if fraud or tampering is suspected, or the failure to comply with any provision of these Official Rules.
  

 
By entering this Promotion, each participant agrees, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to release, discharge, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sponsor and the Released Parties from any and all claims, suits, causes of action, liabilities, damages, judgments, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) arising from or as a result of (i) his/her participation in this Promotion or his/her receipt, ownership or use of any prize awarded in this Promotion, (ii) his/her breach of any of the participant representations and warranties set forth in these Official Rules, and/or (iii) his/her breach or violation of any of the other provisions of these Official Rules.
  

 
11.       RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: Sponsor reserves the right, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in part, if fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor’s reasonable control impairs the integrity of this Promotion as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. If this Promotion or any web site associated therewith (or any portion thereof) becomes corrupted or otherwise does not permit entry, or if infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, actions by participants, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes, in Sponsor’s sole opinion, corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper operation of this Promotion, Sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to disqualify any individual implicated in such action, and/or to cancel, terminate, cancel, modify or suspend this Promotion, in whole or in part. Any attempt by a participant or any other individual to deliberately damage any online service or web site or undermine the legitimate operation of this Promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and should such an attempt be made Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and/or other remedies from any such person to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. In addition, Sponsor reserves the right to take down and remove any entry that becomes subject to a third-party claim for copyright infringement or for violation of any other right.
  

 
12.       DISPUTES: This Promotion is governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without respect to conflict of law doctrines.
  

 
13.       SPONSOR: This Promotion is sponsored by Sierra Nevada Brewing Co., 1075 East 20th Street, Chico, California 95928. See 
  www.sierranevada.com.  This Promotion is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter.
    

 
14.       WINNER INFORMATION: To learn the actual number of entries received and the winners selected in this Promotion, please email your request to 
  beer@sierranevada.com within sixty (60) after the end of the Promotion Period.
    

 
©2017 Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. SIERRA NEVADA® is a registered trademark of Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. 
  

 
INSTAGRAM is a registered trademark of Instagram, LLC.  
  

FACEBOOK is a registered trademark of Facebook, Inc. 
  

TWITTER is a registered trademark of Twitter, Inc.
  

