
About us
The Telegraph Media Group is comprised of Telegraph Media Group Limited, TelegraphEvents Limited, Telegraph Financial Solutions Limited, Press Acquisitions Limited, and eachof their respective subsidiaries. You can find our contact information here.
We also offer a number of services, trading under different brands. You can see our brands and their services providers at the end of this Privacy Policy.
When we collect your information we may share it across our companies. This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how we use any of your personal information we might collect and how you can limit our use of it.
1. What information do we gather?
1.1 Information that relates directly to you (e.g. your name and address).
1.2 Information that does not directly identify you (e.g. how you might browse our website).
(1) Your IP address through the placement of cookies (see Sections 6 and 7 on cookies and their management, below);
(2) Location data, which might be gained through your IP address or GPS data (see Section 3 (4), below).
2. How we use your information
2.1 We might use your information to:
(1) Remember you when you visit our website and see how your journey through it by using cookies. We explain what cookies are in Section 6 and how you can manage them in Section 7, below;
(2) Identify your interests. We might then put your information in aggregated form into groupings (known as “segments”) by a particular audience, which means we can serve you advertisements and offers that will interest you within the website, including by reference to data we receive from third parties. Please see Sections 6 and 7 for more information about cookies and how we serve you more targeted messaging;
(3) Make sure the products and services we provide to you are correctly administered;
(4) Contact you to let you know about any of our products, services or promotions (which may in some cases be provided by third parties), including by email, mail, telephone, or SMS text message. We will always act having regard to your preferences. Please see Section 4 to understand more about how you provide and can manage your preferences.
(5) We may also contact you directly via social media in relation to any competitions and/or prize draws you have entered.
(5) Make sure materials on the website or in apps are presented in the most effective way for you and your computer or mobile device;
(6) Collect and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage;
(7) Assess and understand our readers’ feedback and identify usage hotspots;
2.2 If you have subscribed to any of our services, we will use the information you provide to keep you updated on those services unless you have told us otherwise.
3. How do we gather information?
3.1 Information is gathered in the following ways:
(1) indirectly (e.g. using website technology or technology when you use a Telegraph application (“App”) on a mobile device); and
(2) directly (e.g. when you buy a subscription, sign up to create a telegraph.co.uk profile, download a mobile device application or you otherwise provide your information when you interact with us).
(3) through your device (e.g. mobile, PC or tablet) where you have enabled location services for the applicable App or browser. This may be used for location targeted services or advertising in accordance with your preferences, which may be adjusted either on your device or via server, App or website preferences.
(4) through location technology for mobile web created by Beemray. This is based on machine learning algorithms which analyze data from different connection types. These include fixed http and https connections, location consent requests on https sites and from mobiles Apps using a https connections. More information is available here. You can opt-out of this service here.
(5) through social sign-on. We offer a quick registration option using your existing social media accounts via an App or the website. When you use social sign-on, we will gather the information you have already used in the process of registering for that social media site (in accordance with your preferences provided to that site and/or to us at the point that you use our social sign-on) and your social media account will be linked to your Telegraph account, including in our providing social media messaging to you (See Section 5.2, below on de-linking accounts);
(6) When you subscribe to The Telegraph, we may also use a card updater service to automatically update your credit or debit card. This service is facilitated by your credit or debit card issuer, whom you should contact for further information 
(7) in the past we may have obtained certain additional details through a telephone number appending service where we have had contact details for you but do did not have your phone number or need to update your phone number. We will not use phone numbers that are gathered this way where those numbers are registered with the Telephone Preference Service. We no longer append data in this way.
(8) We may also overlay additional demographic and lifestyle data from CACI (www.caci.co.uk) to help us understand what else you might be interested in for direct marketing and insight purposes. These segmentations are built using a variety of sources, including publicly available data (such as the electoral register and the UK Census) or derived from surveys and questionnaires. You can opt out of having your personal information profiled in this way by contacting us. See Section 5, below.
4. How do you decide how you want to hear from us?
4.1 We always seek to explain why and how we might contact you at the point you give your information to us. We may contact you by email, phone, post and sms text.  
4.2 We also provide the means for you to grant or withhold your permission for us to contact you. We do this by using opt-in boxes or unsubscribe options. We use these to gain your permission to contact you about our wider range of goods and services (including those provided by our partners under the range of Telegraph-branded offers, products and services listed below this policy).
4.3 Sometimes, we need your information to be able to contact you to provide the service you wish to use (e.g. a subscription or Telegraph Fantasy Football). In those cases, by signing up to the service you give us permission to send you service communications and we will not offer you the chance to opt-out from receiving those messages.
4.4 We might also offer you the opportunity to hear from specific companies and organisations that we might work in association with. We will always name those companies and organisations and provide you with the opportunity to hear from them by means of an opt-in tick box.
4.5 If there are no tick boxes, it’s because we will not use your information for any other purpose than that for which you give it (see Section 3.2).
4.6 If you have signed up to receive marketing from us by text, to stop this, please reply STOP to the last message you received.
4.7 When responding to promotions, offers etc. by postcard, if you do not wish for your details to be used by us to send you promotions and offers, please make this clear by stating "No Offers".
5. Accessing and updating your personal information
5.1 You can update your details and marketing preferences by accessing your account pages on the website, by emailing data.protection@telegraph.co.uk or by writing to us at Data Department, Victory House, Meeting House Lane, Chatham, Kent, ME4 4TT.
5.2 You can de-link your social media account from your Telegraph account by emailing data.protection@telegraph.co.uk. De-linking your account will not change your marketing preferences unless you specifically request it.
5.3 You have the right to access the personal information held about you. To obtain a copy of that personal information, please send an email to data.protection@telegraph.co.uk. You will have to provide proof of identification.
6. Cookies
6.1 A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. When we refer to “cookies” we include other technologies with similar purposes. Find out more about the use of cookies on http://www.cookiecentral.com.
6.2 We use the following types of cookie:
(1) Analytics cookies that anonymously remember your computer or mobile device when you visit our website. They keep track of browsing patterns and help us to build up a profile of how our readers use the website. We might use that information to serve advertisements that might be of particular interest to you on our and other websites (see Section 7.5)
(2) Service cookies that help us to make our website work as efficiently as possible; remember your registration and login details; remember your settings preferences; and meter the number of pages you view for the purpose of administering subscriptions to The Telegraph.
(3) Third party advertising and analytics cookies, which are placed by or on behalf of independent advertisers who are advertising on our site. These cookies may be placed within the advertisement and elsewhere on our site. They are anonymous – they cannot identify individuals. They are used for statistical analysis by allowing the advertiser to count how many people have seen their advertisement or have seen it more than once. They might also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other websites.
6.3 We have no access to third party cookies and third party organisations have no access to ours. The third party organisations that place cookies have their own strict privacy policies.
7. Managing your cookies preferences
7.1 Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. To do this look at the “help” menu on your browser. Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates.
7.2 We also use third party cookies. These are cookies that may be read by third parties (for example if you have used social sign-on and have the option to like or comment using your social media account). If you would prefer to just restrict third party cookies, here is our cookie management tool:

