About us
We are Telegraph Media Group and are made up of Telegraph Media Group Limited, Telegraph Events Limited (formerly VOS Media Limited) and QP Magazine Limited. You can find all our contact information here.
When we collect your information we may share it across our group companies. This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how we use any of your personal information we might collect and how you can limit our use of it. 
1. What information do we gather?
1.1 Information that relates directly to you (e.g. your name and address).
1.2 Information that does not directly identify you (e.g. how you might browse our website). This might include:
(1) Your IP address through the placement of cookies (see sections 6 and 7 on cookies and their management, below);
(2) Location data, which might be gained through your IP address or GPS data. You can prevent our access to your location data by clicking here.  
2. How we use your information
2.1 We might use your information to: 
(1) Remember you when you visit our website and see how you journey through it by using cookies. We explain what cookies are in Section 6 and how you can manage them in Section 7, below;
(2) Use your anonymised information to identify your interests.  We might then put your anonymised information into audience segments, which means we can serve you advertisements and offers that will interest you.  See Section 7;
(3) Use your IP address and location data to serve you with targeted advertising
(4) Make sure the products and services we provide to you are correctly administered; 
(5) Contact you by email, mail, telephone, sms text message or through social media to let you know about any of our products, services or promotions (which, in some cases may be provided by third parties) but only having regard to your preferences - see Section 4; 
(6) Make sure materials on the website or in apps are presented in the most effective way for you and your computer or mobile device; 
(7) Collect and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage; 
(8) Assess and understand our readers’ feedback and identify usage hotspots;
2.2 If you have subscribed to any of our services, we will use the information you provide to keep you updated on those services unless you have told us otherwise. 
3. How do we gather information?
3.1 Information is gathered in the following ways: 
(1) indirectly (e.g. using website technology or technology when you use a Telegraph application on a mobile device);
(2) directly (e.g. when you buy a subscription, sign up to create a telegraph.co.uk profile, download a mobile device application or you otherwise provide your information when you interact with us);
(3) through social sign-on. We offer a quick registration option using your existing social media accounts.  When you use social sign-on, we will gather the information you have already used in the process of registering for that social media site and your social media account will be linked to your Telegraph account (See 5.2, below on de-linking accounts);
(4) through a telephone number appending service where we have contact details for you but do not have your phone number or need to update your phone number. We will not use phone numbers that are gathered this way where those numbers are registered with the Telephone Preference Service  
4. How do you decide how you want to hear from us?
4.1 We always seek to explain why and how we might contact you at the point you give your information to us. We may contact you by email, phone, post and sms text and via social media, according to your preferences.
4.2 We also provide the means for you to grant or withhold your permission for us to contact you. We do this by using opt-in boxes or unsubscribe options. We use these to gain your permission to contact you about our wider range of goods and services.
4.3 Sometimes, we need your information to be able to contact you to provide the service you wish to use (e.g. a subscription or Telegraph Fantasy Football). In those cases, by signing up to the service you give us permission to send you service communications and we will not offer you the chance to opt-out from receiving those messages.
4.4 We might also offer you the opportunity to hear from specific companies and organisations that we might work in association with. We will always name those companies and organisations and provide you with the opportunity to hear from them by means of an opt-in tick box.
4.5 If you have signed up to receive marketing from us by text, to stop this, please reply STOP to the last message you received. 
4.6 When responding to promotions, offers etc. by postcard, if you do not wish for your details to be used by us to send you promotions and offers, please make this clear by stating "No Offers". 
5. Accessing and updating your personal information
5.1 You can update your details and marketing preferences by accessing your account pages on the website, by emailing data.protection@telegraph.co.uk or by writing to us at Data Department, Victory House, Meeting House Lane, Chatham, Kent, ME4 4TT.
5.2 You can de-link your social media account from your Telegraph account by emailing data.protection@telegraph.co.uk. De-linking your account will not change your marketing preferences - see See 5.1, above on how to do that.
5.3 You have the right to access the personal information held about you. To obtain a copy of that personal information, please send an email to data.protection@telegraph.co.uk. You will have to provide proof of identification and there will be an administrative charge of £10 for processing your request. 
6. Cookies
6.1 A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. When we refer to “cookies” we include other technologies with similar purposes.
6.2 We use the following types of cookie: 
(1) Analytics cookies that anonymously remember your computer or mobile device when you visit our website. They keep track of browsing patterns and help us to build up a profile of how our readers use the website. We might use that information to serve advertisements that might be of particular interest to you on our and other websites (see Section 7.5)
(2) Service cookies that help us to make our website work as efficiently as possible; remember your registration and login details; remember your settings preferences; and meter the number of pages you view for the purpose of administering subscriptions to The Telegraph.
(3) Third party advertising and analytics cookies, which are placed by or on behalf of independent advertisers who are advertising on our site. These cookies may be placed within the advertisement and elsewhere on our site. They are anonymous – they cannot identify individuals. They are used for statistical analysis by allowing the advertiser to count how many people have seen their advertisement or have seen it more than once. They might also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other websites. 
6.3 We have no access to third party cookies and third party organisations have no access to ours. The third party organisations that place cookies have their own strict privacy policies.  
7.  Managing your cookies preferences
7.1 Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. To do this look at the “help” menu on your browser. Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates. 
7.2 If you would prefer to just restrict third party cookies, here is our cookie management tool:
