Terms and conditions

                By creating a user on Graduateland you are obligated to accept Graduateland's terms and conditions.
			
			Please read the following regulations in order to ensure that you understand and accept the conditions
			for being a user of Graduateland. By proceeding your registration process you are obliged to follow Graduateland's
			rules and regulations. After reading please tick the designated box at the bottom of the page to accept
			the terms and conditions.

			Start of the Regulations
			These regulations with serial number 01.01.2012 take effect from 1st January 2012 By establishing a profile on Graduateland you accept the following conditions
			
You are not allowed to establish a profile other than your own personal profile. It is not allowed to use other people's email addresses or false email addresses.
Each member on Graduateland must be respected and it is imperative that you treat other members the way you wish to be treated yourself.

User Rules

The user shall be responsible for filling in correct and truthful information.
The user shall be responsible for any activity that takes place within his or her profile and for any potential third party involvement solicited or accepted by the user.
Graduateland shall have the exclusive right to expel existing members if it is found that; members behave unlawfully or unethically, if Graduateland services are misused and/or if general behaviour not accepted by Graduateland occurs.
The user shall be responsible for any actual or potential economic or legal lawsuit against Graduateland as a consequence of the user's wrongdoing or mismanagement of the profile.
The user shall be responsible for suitable software and technological solutions needed to run Graduateland, e.g. web browsers supporting the Graduateland software.
The user shall not be entitled to use Graduateland as a platform for marketing and promoting of own personal goods and services.
The user shall not be entitled to expose any material, which relates to religious, political, sexual or racial aspects on Graduateland.

Intellectual property rights
			All intellectual property rights including brand, establishment and information regarding other members belong to Graduateland. The user shall not be entitled to distribute or use any information from Graduateland for commercial purposes or personal financial gains.

			Responsibilities of Graduateland
			Graduateland shall be under the obligation to:
			
Not develop their website artificially based on falsely established profiles or moderators.
Answer as quickly as possible when users have requests to the support function.
Permanently delete email addresses if requested upon by a member.

Liability
			Graduateland shall not be liable to the user in relation to:
			
The behaviour of other users. It is possible for users to report on negative media material and text.
Contracts, which are developed and signed through the network on Graduateland.
Any direct or indirect financial or emotional loss that exceeds the one paid to Graduateland.
Loss of data. Graduateland is not a database for the individual user as such. It is up to the individual user to create back up of the necessary information. Graduateland shall not be held liable for the actual or potential loss of data and information on the site regardless of the reason.

Our social responsibilities
			At Graduateland we value:
			
To operate a system that caters for fast reporting to us in relation to inappropriate or unethical behaviour on the website.
To operate a system that in general allows us to be in close contact with our users.
To operate a system that includes the fighting of scamming, spamming and phishing on the web-site. We have installed a security filter that limits the number of spammers and false members on the site but it is always advised that the users stay alert towards messages and information that might be "too good to be true" or any suspicious behaviour.

User privacy

When you sign up you agree to receive emails from Graduateland.
The amount of and the frequency at which you receive emails depend on the activity of the employers from which you wish to "follow".
Graduateland shall be entitled to use the email system for questionnaires about Graduateland's own services and product development, and for the content of Graduateland's paying employers and universities using the services provided by Graduateland.
The user shall at any time be entitled to choose to adjust the delivery by altering this function under "Account" – "Account Settings" – "Notifications".

Data collection

When the user establishes a profile on Graduateland the user also accepts that personal information will be stored on Graduateland's servers and that parts hereof can be shared with the universities and the employers using the services provided by Graduateland.
When the user establishes a profile on Graduateland the user also chooses to expose personal data to employers and universities. Therefore evaluate inputs, including pictures, carefully.
Graduateland is using cookies within its operating system. This technicality ensures that the system remembers the user's email address and access to the site. The user can disable this setting in the Internet browser.
Each time the user visits Graduateland the IP-address will be registered. The IP address is the address of the computer that the user is using to access Graduateland. The IP address is registered to ensure that Graduateland always will be able to locate the computer used to access the site. This has been established to counteract on-site illegal activities.

Use of personal data
			The information Graduateland collects about the user can and will be used in different ways:
			
Name and email: This is used to identify the user as a user on Graduateland so that Graduateland and employers and universities will be able to contact the user. The user's email address is also used to send emails to the user based on the information requested on the user's Dashboard. - The user can choose to adjust the delivery by altering this function under "Account" – "Account Settings" – "Notifications" at any time.
Postal and zip code are used to locate the user geographically and for Graduateland to understand how their users are placed around the world. This will give Graduateland the opportunity to create networks and events in locations where there is a high number of Graduateland members.
Birth date and gender are used to further identify the user and make the profile more visible on Graduateland.
Graduateland can also use the information provided by the user at the signup process to improve services and functionalities by analysing the way the user use the portal. As an example we can use the cookies and IP-addresses to see which parts of the webpage are most frequently used and thereby improve and optimise the services and functionalities mostly used.
Graduateland uses the user's information in Graduateland's backoffice recruitment system designed for Employers and Universities. This enables Employers and Universities to contact the user, based on the information provided by the user.
With your consent we share your profile information with employers that are online. Graduateland enables employers to see your profile information (the parts that you have set as ‘visible’) and based on the relevancy of your profile and skills employers can reach out to you via chat messages. 
Any comment sent to Graduateland about this website can be used without limitations.
Received information will not be treated as confidential.

Distribution of personal data

As previously mentioned the user must be aware that his/her profile and activities will be visible to employers and universities. In addition, parts of the profile will be visible to non-members visiting the site.
The user accepts that in case Graduateland's services are misused, the information at Graduateland's disposal such as IP address will be distributed to the relevant authorities in case this is required.
Graduateland shall be entitled to distribute all information about the user on the web site to a third party if it happens anonymously or if third party is included in an agreement about confidentiality. Such distribution can take place in connection with statistical analysis about the web site, market research and as preparation for commercials, general branding and recruitment activity on Graduateland. This information may also be used as input variables in Graduateland's backend solution designed for employers and universities.

Right to admission and correction
			If the user realises that personal information on Graduateland is incorrect or misleading the user shall have access to the profile where necessary corrections can be made. Alternatively the user may contact Graduateland and request that the corrections shall be made within a reasonable time frame. The user shall not be entitled to delete the profile, but only make it non-visible on the web. This means that the profile cannot be found or accessed by anyone. Personal information can be changed on "My Profile".

			Use of data/third party use of data

Graduateland shall be entitled to use of an external company to perform technical maintenance of the website. In such case the company will handle Graduateland's data responsibility.
Any company handling data on Graduateland will operate under the same regulations and law as Graduateland with regard to confidentiality.
In case the whole company Graduateland ApS or parts thereof is handed over to a third party the user accepts that personal data on Graduateland can be transferred to third party. This requires that the third party respects and follows the conditions for data handling as mentioned in this document.

Change in business principles
			Graduateland shall be entitled to change the above mentioned business principles at any time. If any change is made this will be made public on Graduateland after which the user has 30 days to become familiar with them. After 30 days it will be anticipated that all existing users accept and understand the changes. 

			Conditions for uploading photos and pictures
			All photos and pictures uploaded to Graduateland must respect the following: 
			
The photos and pictures must be free from copyrights and/or other restricted or limited use. The user must possess the complete rights to the photos and pictures that the user uploads. No third party must have the copyright or other rights to the photos or pictures that the user uploads. The people visible on the photos and pictures must have given their acceptance of public display.
The photos and pictures must be clear. Unclear and modified photos and pictures will be deleted.
The photos and pictures must not contain logos, links and references to other web pages or companies and/or their products.
The photos and pictures must not include violent, threatening, un-sober or sexual elements. The photos and pictures must not display weapons, money or illegal drugs.


			Non-compliance of the above mentioned conditions for uploading photos and pictures could lead to expulsion from this site. Graduateland shall not be liable for the non-compliance of a user.

			Profile photos and pictures
			Profile photos and pictures are visible to employers and universities, which is why the regulations for uploading such material are more restrictive than for other categories. The profile photo or picture must only include you. In general Graduateland maintains the right to block or delete all content that shows threatening, hate full or vulgar behaviour. Any profile with discriminating behaviour towards individuals or groups based on ethnic, religious or sexual orientation will be deleted, blocked and reported to the legal authorities. Any profile that pretends to be another person (a false profile) will be deleted, blocked and reported to the legal authorities.

			Pornographic material
			Any type of pornographic material will be deleted immediately and without warning. This includes pictures or photos of sexual or erotic character as well as abuse and physical damage of any kind.

			Protected material
			Content on Graduateland protected by copyright shall belong to the rightful owner. Other members shall thus not be allowed to use this material without the acceptance of the rightful owner. Any material used but not belonging to the rightful owner and protected by (©, ®, ™) will be deleted or blocked. This includes any picture which is not yours and material which belongs to Graduateland. 

			Spam
			Extensive distribution of one and the same content is strictly illegal on Graduateland. Profiles showing such behaviour will be deleted immediately. This includes the sending of unwanted emails, chain letters or unwanted commercials such as product promotion and marketing of websites. 

			Illegal activities
			In general any illegal activity shall not be allowed on Graduateland. The following will immediately be deleted from Graduateland: 
			
Photos and pictures showing pornographic situations, illegal drugs, cash and weapons.
Vira and other computer codes with the aim of harming or destroy IT equipment belonging to us or our members.
Any activity that motivates illegal activities or distributes knowledge about it such as trade with illegal drugs and weapons.
This legal notice shall be governed by Danish Law. Any dispute arising out of or in relation to this legal notice which can not be solved amicably shall be decided by the Danish Courts.

Final Remark
			Graduateland strives to create a positive and dynamic environment and therefore expects the user to share this philosophy. Graduateland is here to collaborate. 
			The user is advised to read and accept Graduateland's rules and regulations before signing in as a user. 
			
By creating a user on Graduateland you are obligated to accept Graduateland's terms and conditions.Please read the following regulations in order to ensure that you understand and accept the conditions for being a user of Graduateland. By proceeding your registration process you are obliged to follow Graduateland's rules and regulations. After reading please tick the designated box at the bottom of the page to accept the terms and conditions.These regulations with serial number 01.01.2012 take effect from 1st January 2012By establishing a profile on Graduateland you accept the following conditionsAll intellectual property rights including brand, establishment and information regarding other members belong to Graduateland. The user shall not be entitled to distribute or use any information from Graduateland for commercial purposes or personal financial gains.Graduateland shall be under the obligation to:Graduateland shall not be liable to the user in relation to:At Graduateland we value:The information Graduateland collects about the user can and will be used in different ways:If the user realises that personal information on Graduateland is incorrect or misleading the user shall have access to the profile where necessary corrections can be made. Alternatively the user may contact Graduateland and request that the corrections shall be made within a reasonable time frame. The user shall not be entitled to delete the profile, but only make it non-visible on the web. This means that the profile cannot be found or accessed by anyone. Personal information can be changed on "My Profile".Graduateland shall be entitled to change the above mentioned business principles at any time. If any change is made this will be made public on Graduateland after which the user has 30 days to become familiar with them. After 30 days it will be anticipated that all existing users accept and understand the changes.All photos and pictures uploaded to Graduateland must respect the following:Non-compliance of the above mentioned conditions for uploading photos and pictures could lead to expulsion from this site. Graduateland shall not be liable for the non-compliance of a user.Profile photos and pictures are visible to employers and universities, which is why the regulations for uploading such material are more restrictive than for other categories. The profile photo or picture must only include you. In general Graduateland maintains the right to block or delete all content that shows threatening, hate full or vulgar behaviour. Any profile with discriminating behaviour towards individuals or groups based on ethnic, religious or sexual orientation will be deleted, blocked and reported to the legal authorities. Any profile that pretends to be another person (a false profile) will be deleted, blocked and reported to the legal authorities.Any type of pornographic material will be deleted immediately and without warning. This includes pictures or photos of sexual or erotic character as well as abuse and physical damage of any kind.Content on Graduateland protected by copyright shall belong to the rightful owner. Other members shall thus not be allowed to use this material without the acceptance of the rightful owner. Any material used but not belonging to the rightful owner and protected by (©, ®, ™) will be deleted or blocked. This includes any picture which is not yours and material which belongs to Graduateland.Extensive distribution of one and the same content is strictly illegal on Graduateland. Profiles showing such behaviour will be deleted immediately. This includes the sending of unwanted emails, chain letters or unwanted commercials such as product promotion and marketing of websites.In general any illegal activity shall not be allowed on Graduateland. The following will immediately be deleted from Graduateland:Graduateland strives to create a positive and dynamic environment and therefore expects the user to share this philosophy. Graduateland is here to collaborate. The user is advised to read and accept Graduateland's rules and regulations before signing in as a user.