
Our Privacy Policy
We welcome you as a visitor to the CAMEO Chemicals website, a public service
provided by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Office of
Response and Restoration. 
This policy explains how we handle information we learn about you during
your visit. Please be assured that the privacy of our visitors is of utmost
importance to us. We do not collect personal information that would
allow us to identify you by name or contact you directly (such as your email
address), unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Note: This privacy policy only applies to this website. If you follow any
off-site link on this site to another website, you are encouraged to review its
privacy policy to determine if it has other information collection practices.
(The CAMEO Chemicals website includes links to other websites for your
convenience, but this does not constitute an official endorsement or approval
by the CAMEO Chemicals developers--nor is it a guarantee of the validity of the
information provided on those sites.) 
General Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you use this site, we will automatically collect and store some general
information about your visit; this information does not identify you
personally.
Examples of the general information collected during a visit:

Date and time
Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private
    Internet access account or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a
    university's domain)
IP address from which you access our site (an IP address is a number that
    is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the
    web)
Type of browser and operating system used (if provided by the
    browser)
URL of the referring page (if provided by the browser)
Pages visited
Search terms and results
Substances added to MyChemicals

We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors; 
for example, to learn how people visit the pages on our site, to find out which
pages are of most interest to visitors, and to identify problems people are
encountering on our site.
These general information logs may be preserved indefinitely to assist with
site management.
Personal Information That You Voluntarily Provide by Email
We do not collect personally identifiable information (such as names, email
addresses, phone numbers, or addresses) unless you choose to provide it to us.
If you send us an email, we use your information to respond to your request.
Additionally, we may save your message in an email archive, which we use for
site management purposes (for example, it is useful to see how many people
asked a particular question).
We may share the information you give us with another government agency if
your inquiry relates to that agency. In other limited circumstances, such as
responses to requests from Congress and private individuals, we may be required
by law to disclose information you submit.
By sending us personal information, you are giving consent for us to use the
information for the stated purpose. We do not use information about you in any
other ways (such as commercial marketing).
Interaction with Children
The content on this website is intended primarily for emergency responders
and planners, and no content is specifically provided for children. If a child
visits our site, no personally identifiable information is collected from them
unless voluntarily submitted (via email) as a request for information. The
information collected is used as described in the section above.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a
session ("session cookies") or saved on a user's hard drive in order to
identify that user--or information about that user--the next time the user logs
on to a website ("persistent cookies").
This website does not use persistent cookies except for Google Analytics
(discussed below), and it does not use any other persistent tracking technology.
We use session cookies for site navigation but the cookies are deleted from the
server after your visit ends, and information from the cookies is not collected
or saved.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a third-party web measurement and
customization technology as defined and organized by the Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), 
"Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies"
(OMB M-10-22). Google Analytics uses a cookie to recognize your computer if you
visit this site again in the future. This cookie does not collect personal
identifying information. This is considered a Tier 2 service in the OMB
guidance.  
Google Analytics does not collect personally identifiable information
through their cookie and does not combine, match, or cross-reference
this website information with any other information.  Please review the
Google Analytics privacy policy
for additional information.

Visitors who choose to disable this web measurement will still have full
access to this website. While the details vary from browser to
browser, most modern browsers can be set up to accept, reject, or request user
intervention when a site asks to set a cookie. Google Analytics uses a cookie
that begins with: _utm
Site Abuse
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available
to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to
monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change
information, or otherwise cause damage. If such monitoring reveals evidence of
possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to
appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or
change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable
under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information
Infrastructure Protection Act or other law.

