Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the CAMEO Chemicals website, a service
provided by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Office of
Response and Restoration. 
This policy explains how we handle information we learn about you during
your visit. Please be assured that the privacy of our visitors is of utmost
importance to us. We do not collect personal information that would
allow us to identify you by name or contact you directly (such as your email
address), unless you choose to provide that information to us voluntarily via
email.
General Information Collected and Stored Automatically
We automatically collect and store some general
information about your site visit, but the information does not identify you
personally.
Examples of the general information collected during a visit:

Date and time
Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" or "yourschool.edu")
IP address (an Internet Protocol address is a number that
    is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are online)
Type of internet browser and computer operating system used to access
    our site (if provided by the browser)
URL of the page that referred you to our site (if provided by the browser)
Pages visited on our site
Search terms and results on our site
Substances added to MyChemicals on our site

We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors; 
for example, to learn how people visit the pages on our site, to find out which
pages are of most interest to visitors, and to identify problems people are
encountering on our site.
These general information logs may be preserved indefinitely to assist with
site management.
Personal Information That You Voluntarily Provide by Email
We do not collect personally identifiable information (such as names, email
addresses, phone numbers, or addresses), unless you choose to provide it to us.
If you send us an email, we use your information to respond to your request.
Additionally, we may save your message in an email archive, which we use for
site management purposes (for example, it is useful to see how many people
asked a particular question).
We may share the information you give us with another government agency if
your inquiry relates to that agency. In other limited circumstances, such as
responses to requests from Congress and private individuals, we may be required
by law to disclose information you submit.
By sending us personal information, you are giving consent for us to use the
information for the stated purpose. We do not use information about you in any
other ways (such as commercial marketing).
Interaction with Children
The content on this site is intended primarily for emergency responders
and planners, and no content is specifically provided for children. If a child
visits our site, no personally identifiable information is collected from them
unless voluntarily submitted (via email) as a request for information. The
information collected is used as described in the section above.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small bits of text that are either used for just the duration
of a site visit ("session cookies") or saved on a user's computer in order to
identify that user--or information about that user--the next time the user
returns to a site ("persistent cookies").
This site uses session cookies for site navigation. The cookies exist while
your internet browser is open, and the browser deletes them when you quit the
browser.
This site does not use persistent cookies or any other persistent tracking
technology.  However, this site does use a third-party tool (Google Analytics)
that provides basic information about site visitors using a persistent cookie,
as described below.
Google Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics, a third-party web measurement and
customization technology as defined and organized by the federal government's
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) in 
Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies (PDF).

Google Analytics uses a cookie to recognize your computer if you visit this
site again in the future. (This is considered a Tier 2 service in the OMB
guidance.)
Google Analytics does not collect personally identifiable information
through their cookie and does not combine, match, or cross-reference
CAMEO Chemicals information with any other information.
Please review the
Google Analytics privacy policy
for additional information.
If you choose to disable this web measurement tool, you will still have full
access to this site. While the details vary from browser to
browser, most modern browsers can be set up to accept, reject, or request user
intervention when a site asks to set a cookie. Google Analytics uses a cookie
that begins with: _utm
Links to Other Sites
This site includes links to other websites for your convenience. This does
not constitute an official endorsement or approval of those sites by the CAMEO
Chemicals developers, nor is it a guarantee of the validity of the information
provided on those sites.
Note that once you go to another site, you are subject to the privacy and
security policies of the new site. It is a good idea to review that site's
privacy policy to determine how it handles information collection.
Information Protection
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available
to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to
monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change
information, or otherwise cause damage. If such monitoring reveals evidence of
possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to
appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or
change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable
under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information
Infrastructure Protection Act or other law.
Your Rights Under the Privacy Act

The
Privacy Act of 1974
provides safeguards against invasion of personal privacy through the misuse of
records by agencies within the Executive Branch of the federal government.
The Privacy Act guarantees three primary rights for citizens of the
United States and aliens who are lawfully admitted into the United States
for permanent residence:

The right to see records about yourself, subject to Privacy Act
        exemptions;
The right to request the amendment of records that are not accurate,
        relevant, timely or complete; and
The right of individuals to be protected against unwarranted
        invasion of their privacy resulting from the collection,
        maintenance, use, and disclosure of personal information.

You may make a
request to see personal information about yourself.
Requests will be processed under both the Privacy Act and the Freedom of
Information Act to ensure the greatest access to your personal records.
