Dinamalar Privacy Policy
We, Dinamalar own and manage the internet website http://www.dinamalar.com. We are committed to the protection of personal privacy and have adopted a policy to protect information about individuals. Any or all information that you may provide to us shall be kept strictly confidential unless it is required to be disclosed or acted upon as part of any legal proceedings, that may arise in future. Users are invited to submit comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information concerning Dinamalar publications and the website's contents or mobile Application, provided they understand that such comments will be subject to moderation & Dinamalar reserves the right edit or remove such content partly or fully. All submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others.

What type of data we collect

When you register on the website, Application and for the Service, 
Personal information: Depending on your activity, we collect varied information, can subscribe to our newsletter. While doing so, you may need to provide your name, email address

Non-personal information: We also collect few non-personally identifiable data, such as demographic information regarding, e.g. user IP addresses, browser types and other anonymous statistical data regarding the use of our website or mobile Application.

Who has the access to your data

When you use  Services Site (or any of its subsites), we make good faith efforts to provide you, as and when requested by you, with access to your personal information. We don’t share your data with third-parties in any way as to reveal any of your personal information like email, name, etc (subject to laws and regulations). Only our administrators have access to your data. No third party can access to your data from us. However, you can review and delete your data whenever you want.

What purposes your data are used for
The purpose of taking these data is to identify you as our customer. So, these information are the only means we can identify you and allow you to make activities on the site.


How long do we retain your information
When you register for an account, we process and keep your personal data we have about you for as long as you don’t delete the account yourself (subject to laws and regulations).

What we don’t do with your personal data
We do not and will never share, disclose, sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personal data to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services.

How we process these data
The collected data are processed in several ways. We use your personally identifiable information (name, email address, etc.) to identify you in order to contact, send newsletter. The non-personal data may be used to improve the service.

What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on our site, or have comments, you can request an exported file of the personal information we have about you. You can also place a request to erase your data. This does not include data that we are required to keep for security, administrative or legal purposes.

Third party links on our site/ Application

The Application may include links to other websites or mobile. Such websites or applications are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. We may talk about third party products and services on our website or mobile Applications. Third party sites have their own privacy policies. So, therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit or use our website, application or services. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits or use to particular website, mobile application or services, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. 


What data breach procedures we have in place
In case of any  breach of data such as loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, personal data transmission, storage or otherwise processed happens, we will notify you immediately once we are aware of.

How you can review, update, get a copy or delete your data
You can review and update your account details. If you want to delete or get a copy of your data on our site, send a mail to webmaster@dinamalar.in. We will take of your request immediately.

What if we make changes to our Privacy Policy
We may  modify  this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any change made or any new point added  will be published  on this page. The major changes will also be informed through newsletter.
Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice, which we may give by posting the new policy on the "Application". Your use of the Application or Services after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes. We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail. In any case, you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the "Application" to ensure that you are aware of the latest version.


Cookie Policy for Dinamalar
What Are Cookies
When you use this website or application, you agree to accept our cookie policy. As practiced by all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored. However this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the site's functionality. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser (if you click on their ads), a process that we do not control. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us via website, application or Service though your computer/laptop/netbook or mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device etc.


How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.

Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser or mobile Application (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.

The Cookies We Set
If you create an account with us, then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out.  However in some cases they may remain afterward to remember your site preferences when logged out.
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.

