Privacy PolicyOverviewChanges to this PolicyOur privacy policy was revised in May 2018, ahead of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).The GDPR, formally Regulation (EU) 2016/679), is a European (EU) regulation which unifies and strengthens the data protection rights of people in the EU. It replaces the current European data protection framework (formally Directive 95/46/EC), and becomes enforceable from 25 May 2018. From this time, a number of additional expectations will apply to organisations that process the personal data of people in the EU, including EU-based employees or customers.Who we areThe Health and Safety Authority (HSA) has overall responsibility for the promotion and enforcement of safety and health at work and the safe use of chemicals. It also provides the national accreditation service.  We are also the national centre for information to employers, employees and self-employed on workplace health and safety and the safe use of chemicals.The HSA also promotes education, training and research in the field of safety, health and chemicals.As part of our role we gather personal data from time to time both through our websites, when you contact us by phone, when an inspector visits your place of work, when you visit our offices, apply for a job with us or attend one of our events. The security of your data is a priority at the Health and Safety Authority  and we are committed to respecting your privacy rights.  We will  handle your data fairly and legally at all times. We will also be transparent about what data we collect about you and how we use it.  We are registered with the data protection commissioner and our inhouse Data Protection Officer can be contacted at dpo@hsa.ie This policy applies specifically to our corporate website and it's related services, and provides you with information about:what personal data we collect,how we use your data,who we share your data with,how long we hold on to your data for,how we ensure your privacy is maintained, andyour legal rights relating to your personal data.  What personal data we collect from you on this siteThe HSA website avails of several different services that augment the user experience of our website, as well as the quality of customer interaction.  Some of these services are hosted and supported by third parties.  At the bottom of this document, we explain each of these services, their purpose on our website, and most importantly what particular data is sought from site/service users.  With regard to the latter, we also explain the purpose for seeking this information, and how long we hold it for.What personal data does this website collect using cookiesLike many websites, this site uses session cookies that we transfer to your computer for the duration of your visit. We use the session cookie to track your progress through the site, allowing us to maintain the security and integrity of the data being used. If you have chosen to disable session cookies on you browser the site will switch to URL redirection, allowing you to use all aspects of this online service.  For general web browsing no personal information is revealed to us, although certain statistical information is available to us via our internet service provider.This information may include:the logical address of the server you are using,the top level domain name from which you access the Internet (for example, .i.e., com, .org etc.),the type of browser you are using,the date and time you access our site,the Internet address used to link to our site.Some of the above information is used to create summary statistics that allow us to assess the number of visitors to our site, identify what pages are accessed most frequently and generally, help us to make our site more user friendly.Copyright StatementThe material featured on this site is subject to Government copyright according to the Copyright and Related Rights Act, 2000.  The material may be downloaded to file or printer for personal use only.   Where this material is being issued to others, the source (including URL) and copyright status must be acknowledged.The permission to reproduce Government copyright material does not extend to any material on this site that may be the property of a third party.   Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained from the copyright holders concerned.Usage of Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.How we ensure your privacy is maintainedThe HSA website is hosted in a highly secure environment.  Internally, only nominated HSA staff with a business need have access to your personal data to provide you with the service you signed up for.Further details on how we manage your personal information in the course of our various functions, can be found by clicking on the relevant links below. Last Revised 24th May 2018