



  If you would like to view a local version of our website, please click the link below...














Personal Information We Collect
Our Privacy Statement and specific privacy notices describe how we handle the personal information we collect about you. Personal information could include, for example, your name and contact details that you provide when you:

Purchase services from us
Apply for a job
Visit our websites
Sign up for our events



Customers' Hosted Data
The data that customers choose to host at Rackspace is not covered in the Privacy Statement or privacy notices. To find out more about customers’ hosted data and privacy go to our Customer Data Security and Privacy page.
If you receive hosting or other services from one of our customers and have privacy-related questions about those services, please contact our customer directly.


Privacy Insights
See our take on evolving privacy issues on our Privacy Insights page.


 








To view our previous notices, please click here. To view a printer friendly version of our Privacy Statement, please click here.










Mobile apps
This privacy notice explains our privacy practices when you use our mobile applications or interact with us through your mobile device.




Job candidates
This privacy notice explains our privacy practices when you apply for a job with us.






Cookies
This privacy notice provides details on the cookies, web beacons and similar technologies used when you interact with us online. We also explain your options regarding these technologies.




Safe harbor
This privacy notice explains the privacy practices of our US companies when they receive personal information from the European Union, EEA and Switzerland.











If you have a privacy or data protection-related question about our services or the data that you host with us, please contact your Rackspace support team or service delivery manager.
If your questions relate to our Privacy Statement, please email email us.

 














We've got your back
24x7x365








© 2016 Rackspace US, Inc.






