Privacy PolicyWelcome to the 
Tenet Healthcare Corporation website (the “Site”).  Tenet Healthcare 
Corporation and its affiliates (“we,” “our” or “us”) are committed to 
protecting your privacy, so we have adopted privacy practices to protect
 the information we collect from you. They are described in this Privacy
 Policy and in our Notice of Privacy Practices for your personal health 
information. Our Notice of Privacy Practices, which we will provide you 
in connection with our services, describes our privacy practices and 
your privacy rights with respect to your “Protected Health Information” 
(as that term is defined by the Health Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time). This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we 
may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Site and
 our practices for collecting and using that information. We
 may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time, and if we make 
material changes to it, we will notify you by updating the Site with the
 updated Privacy Policy. You may wish to check the Privacy Policy from 
time to time, because by using the Site, by providing requested 
information, or by using the Site after any changes to this Privacy 
Policy are posted, you consent to the collection and use of your 
personal information as detailed in this Privacy Policy. Information Collected and How We Use It We collect several types of information: Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information.1. Personally Identifiable InformationWe
 collect personally identifiable information you voluntarily provide on 
online forms which may include contact requests, referral requests, 
appointment requests, bill payment, comments, and/or online surveys.  
Personally identifiable information can include name, address, phone 
number, email address, demographic information and any other information
 you may voluntarily provide.  We will use your information to fulfill 
the purpose for which you provide it and for our business operations. 
While visiting our Site, if you give us personally identifiable 
information to receive information from us, to pre-register for an 
event, or to pre-register for inpatient or outpatient services or 
otherwise, we will collect and store that personal data. If you give us 
personal data in order to pre-register for inpatient or outpatient 
services through an affiliate’s or third party’s website, the affiliate 
or third party may share the personal data with contracted service 
providers to verify the accuracy of the data and complete the 
registration process. You
 agree that, should you elect to supply it, we may use your name, e-mail
 address, physical address, telephone number, or other data to 
communicate with you as described below. By
 providing a telephone number, you expressly consent and authorize us, 
as well as any of our related affiliates, agents or contractors, to 
contact you through the use of any dialing equipment (including a 
dialer, automatic telephone dialing system, and/or interactive voice 
recognition system) and/or artificial or prerecorded voice or message. 
You expressly agree that such automated calls may be made to any 
telephone number (including numbers assigned to any cellular or other 
service for which you may be charged for the call) you provide.  In 
addition, you expressly consent and authorize the receipt of text 
messages from us at any telephone number (including numbers assigned to 
any cellular or other service for which you may be charged for the call)
 you provide. By providing this express consent, you specifically waive 
any claim you may have for the making of such calls or texts, including 
any claim under federal or state law and specifically any claim under 
the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, 47 U.S.C. § 227. By providing a 
telephone number, you represent you are the subscriber or owner or have 
the authority to use and provide consent to call or text the number. By
 providing your email address, you expressly opt-in to the receipt of 
email communications from us and our affiliates, agents or contractors 
for or related to investor relations, medical goods or services, your 
account, and other services such as financial, clinical and educational 
information including exchange news, changes to health care law, health 
care coverage, care follow up, and other healthcare opportunities, goods
 and services. By providing this express consent, you specifically waive
 any claim you may have for the sending of such emails, including any 
claim under federal or state law and specifically any claim under the 
CAN-SPAM Act, 15 U.S.C.§ 7701, et seq.  By providing an email address, 
you represent you are the subscriber or owner or have the authority to 
use and provide consent to contact the email address.2. Anonymous InformationWe
 may collect certain information by automated means.  This information 
includes cookies, sensors, geo location, pixel tags, IP addresses and 
other similar technology.  This information does not identify you, but 
is statistical data that provides generic information about your use of 
the Site. This information helps us understand which parts of our Site 
are visited most often and may be used to analyze trends, administer and
 improve the Site, gather broad demographic information, personalize 
content and determine retargeting and remarketing.  We
 use cookies to tailor web content to match your browser capability.  
Cookies allow the Site to retain information to make your use of the 
Site more convenient.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting 
the appropriate settings on your browser, however if you disable the 
cookie, you will still be able to use the Site, but you may not be able 
to fully take advantage of all of the Site’s features or parts of the 
Site may not function properly.  Our
 web servers automatically identify computers by their IP addresses.  We
 may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track 
users’ movement and gather demographic information for aggregate use.  
For example, if you view specific pages or download information from 
specific pages on our Site, we will track and add the number of your 
visits to the aggregate number of visits by all users in order to better
 design our Site. Surveys From 
time-to-time our Site may request information from you via survey. 
Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you have a 
choice whether or not to disclose the requested information, which may 
include contact information (name and address) and demographic 
information (zip code and age level). Feedback collected by these 
surveys will be used for the purpose stated at the time the survey is 
posted, our business operations and monitoring or improving use of the 
Site.Third Party UseYour privacy is 
important to us and we want you to feel comfortable visiting our Site. 
We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information 
that does not identify any individual without restriction in accordance 
with applicable laws.  We may share information with third parties 
performing services on our behalf that are contractually bound to keep 
your personal information confidential and to use it only for the 
purposes under which we disclose it.  For example, we may use service 
providers to help manage or support the Site’s technical operation. 
Also, we may share your personal information in connection with a court 
order, subpoena, government investigation, when required by law, and in 
the event of a corporate sale, merger or acquisition. If we partner with
 a third party to provide services and you sign up for those services, 
we will share your name and other contact information necessary for our 
partner to provide the services to you.SecurityWhile
 we cannot and do not guarantee that your information will not be viewed
 by unauthorized persons, we take privacy and security seriously. We 
take reasonable, industry standard precautions to keep the Site and 
their systems secure and to prevent personal information from being made
 available to unauthorized persons or entities.  Even though we employ 
these standard precautions and protocols, we cannot provide absolute 
assurances that the contents of messages, for example, will be secure. 
If you choose to send any confidential information to us, you accept the
 risk that a third party may intercept and use this information. LinksThe
 Site contains links to third party websites. Please be aware that we 
are not responsible for any of the content, activities, products, or 
advertisements on these third party websites nor do we make any 
representations, approvals, or endorsements regarding the services 
provided or the nature, quality, or accuracy of such third party 
content. Use of any linked third party website is solely at your own 
risk and we encourage you to read the Terms of Use and the Privacy 
Policies of each such linked third party websites you choose to access.Special Notice to CA ResidentsCalifornia
 Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits California residents that have 
provided any personal information through the Site the right to request 
certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to 
third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding 
year. We do not disclose the personal information of customers to third 
parties for any third party’s direct marketing purposes. Please contact 
us at investorrelations1@tenethealthcare.com if you are a California 
resident and would like to request information about how to exercise 
your third party disclosure choices.Opting OutYou
 may revoke your consent to contact at any time by directly contacting 
us at www.investor.tenethealth.com/alerts, 
investorrelations1@tenethealthcare.com or using the opt–out method 
identified in the applicable communication. Many
 browsers and mobile operating systems enable you to indicate your 
preference regarding online tracking. You can set your browser or mobile
 operating system to a “do not track” or similar setting and, when your 
browser or mobile operating system passes your request to us, we will 
not serve you targeted advertising, although we may continue to collect 
data about your use of the Site. For example, Apple’s iOS8 mobile 
operating system provides iPhone and iPad users with a “Limit Ad 
Tracking” setting, and if you turn on that setting, we will not use your
 device identifier to serve you targeted ads.Children’s PrivacyOur
 Site is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under 
age 18 may provide any information to or on the Site. We do not 
knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children under 
the age of 18, and no part of our Site is designed or intended to 
attract anyone under the age of 18. If you believe we might have any 
information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at 
www.investor.tenethealth.com/alerts or 
investorrelations1@tenethealthcare.com so we can immediately delete any 
such information. Changes to Our Privacy PolicyWe
 will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on the Site by a link from
 our homepage so that you always know what information we collect and 
how we use it. Please consult this portion of the Site regularly for 
important changes to the Privacy Policy as they occur. This policy was updated on June 20, 2016.  