
Protecting your privacy
The Black Dog Institute is committed to protecting your privacy and the privacy 
  of any personal information provided to us. In accordance with the amendments 
  of the Privacy Act  1988 which came into effect on 21 December 2001 
  , we comply with the National Privacy Principles set out in the Act. This policy 
  outlines how we manage privacy protection of your personal information. 
 The 
  Institute is also actively involved clinically in the Mood Disorders Unit at 
  the Prince of Wales Hospital in Sydney.
What personal information do we collect and why do we need it? 
To enable us to fulfill our responsibilities via research, education and training, 
  clinical services and population health approaches, we need to collect a broad 
  range of personal information from our clients, prospective clients, patients, 
  prospective patients, relevant health service providers, other parties to a 
  matter and suppliers.
This personal information may include sensitive information as well as health 
  information.
We may also collect personal information from people seeking to work for the 
  Black Dog Institute, from suppliers and other contractors involved in the provision 
  of support services to our clinicians, researchers and other staff.
How do we collect the personal information?
Information may be collected in person, in writing, by telephone, through our 
  website and by other electronic communication channels. We collect this information 
  through our staff and through our contracted agents and other service providers. 
  Wherever practicable, we will ask you for the information directly.
We may need to obtain personal information from others to ensure that we are 
  fully informed in relation to the issues that we need to address. 
When accepting a request, instructions or involvement, we require an undertaking 
  that personal information provided has been collected in accordance with the 
  Privacy Act and that they will similarly protect the privacy of any 
  personal information the Black Dog Institute supplies to them.
We collect personal information when recruiting staff or when people approach 
  us expressing an interest in working with us. This information may be collected 
  through material submitted to us, interviews and discussions with the person 
  concerned or others nominated by that person. 
We also collect personal information through events that we hold or are involved 
  in, such as seminars, workshops and other promotional activities. 
To keep you up to date with our services, publications and other resources, 
  we may place you on a mailing list. At any time, if you no longer wish to receive 
  this information just let us know and we will remove your details from the mailing 
  list.
Who will see or have access to your personal information?
Unless we are required to provide your personal information to others by law, 
  by court order or to investigate suspected fraud or other unlawful activity, 
  your information will only be seen or used by persons working in or for The 
  Black Dog Institute. 
These people will include our own and our contract researchers and clinicians. 

Some personal information may be shared between the Black Dog Institute and the Mood Disorders Unit, where the use of the information 
  is directly related to the purpose for which it was collected and within the 
  reasonable expectations of the individual concerned. 
Any donations $50 and over will be acknowledged in the Black Dog Institute's 
  Annual Report, unless the donor requests otherwise.
Security of Information
Our information systems and files are kept secured from unauthorised access 
  and our staff and contracted agents and service providers have been informed 
  of the importance we place on protecting your privacy and their role in helping 
  us to do so. Information will be stored and disposed of in a secure environment, 
  which may only be accessed by authorized personnel.
Although we will endeavour to protect your personal information, we are unable 
  to guarantee that any information you transmit to us over the internet is 100% 
  secure. Any information you transmit to us is conducted at your own risk.
What if I want to check what personal information you hold about me?
Subject to any legal restrictions, we are happy to advise you what personal 
  information we hold about you, should you request this. If your request is particularly 
  complex or requires detailed searching of our records, there may be a cost to 
  you in order for us to provide this information. 
If you believe there are errors in our records about you, please let us know 
  and we will be happy to investigate and correct any inaccuracies. 
Cookies
 Our website uses cookies to provide a better browsing experience. If you prefer not to have cookies collectied, you can disable this option in your browser settings.
Google Analytics
 We use Google Analytics to analyse the audience statistics of our website to improve  our content. No personal information is collect from Google Analytics. Click here for further information on the privacy policy concerning Google Analytics.
Further information
If you would like further information on our privacy policy or if you have 
  any concerns over the protection of the information you have given to us or 
  that we have collected from others, please contact the General Manager, Black Dog Institute, Hospital Rd, Prince of Wales Hospital, Randwick, NSW 2031. 


