Protecting your PrivacyThe Black Dog Institute is committed to protecting your privacy and the privacy of any personal information provided to us. In accordance with the amendments of the Privacy Act 1988 which came into effect on 21 December 2001, we comply with the National Privacy Principles set out in the Act. This section outlines how we manage privacy protection of your personal information. Read our Privacy Policy.What is personal information?When used in our Privacy Policy, "personal information" has the meaning given in the Privacy Act. Generally, it means any information or an opinion that could be used to personally identify you.What personal information do we collect and why do we need it?To enable us to fulfill our responsibilities for research, fundraising, education and training, clinical services and population health approaches, we need to collect a broad range of personal information from our clients, prospective clients, patients, prospective patients, relevant health service providers, donors, fundraisers, other parties to a matter and suppliers.The personal information we collect may include your name, address, age or date of birth, phone number, email address or the amount you have donated. In providing our clinical services or for research purposes we may also collect health information about you, such as your medical history. If you make a donation or payment to us, you may also provide credit card details and other information which will allow us to process your transaction. We may also request your preferences for receiving further information about our programs, campaign or activities. We may also collect personal information from people seeking to work for the Black Dog Institute, from suppliers and other contractors involved in the provision of support services to our clinicians, researchers and other staff.The choice of how much information you provide to us is yours.How do we collect the personal information?Wherever possible, we will try to collect personal information directly from you, rather than from another person or source, unless it is unreasonable or impractical to do so.Information may be collected in person, in writing, by telephone, through our website and by other electronic communication channels. We collect this information through our staff and through our contracted agents and other service providers. Wherever practicable, we will ask you for the information directly.We may need to obtain personal information from others to ensure that we are fully informed in relation to the issues that we need to address.When accepting a request, instructions or involvement, we require an undertaking that personal information provided has been collected in accordance with the Privacy Act and that they will similarly protect the privacy of any personal information the Black Dog Institute supplies to them.We collect personal information when recruiting staff or when people approach us expressing an interest in working with us. This information may be collected through material submitted to us, interviews and discussions with the person concerned or others nominated by that person.We also collect personal information through events that we hold or are involved in, such as seminars, workshops and other promotional activities.To keep you up to date with our services, publications and other resources, we may place you on a mailing list. At any time, if you no longer wish to receive this information just let us know and we will remove your details from the mailing list.Who will see or have access to your personal information?Unless we are required to provide your personal information to others by law, by court order or to investigate suspected fraud or other unlawful activity, your information will only be seen or used by persons working in or for the Black Dog Institute.These people will include our staff and our contracted staff. Security of InformationOur information systems and files are kept secured from unauthorised access and our staff and contracted agents and service providers have been informed of the importance we place on protecting your privacy and their role in helping us to do so. Information will be stored and disposed of in a secure environment, which may only be accessed by authorised personnel.Although we will endeavour to protect your personal information, we are unable to guarantee that any information you transmit to us over the internet is 100% secure. Any information you transmit to us is conducted at your own risk.What if I want to check what personal information you hold about me?Subject to any relevant legislation, we are happy to advise you what personal information we hold about you, should you request this. If your request is particularly complex or requires detailed searching of our records, there may be a cost to you in order for us to provide this information.If you believe there are errors in our records about you, please let us know and we will be happy to investigate and correct any inaccuracies.CookiesOur website uses cookies to provide a better browsing experience. If you prefer not to have cookies collected, you can disable this option in your browser settings.Google AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to analyse the audience statistics of our website to improve our content. No personal information is collect from Google Analytics. Click here for Google’s Privacy Policy.Further informationIf you would like further information about our Privacy Policy or if you have any concerns over the protection of the information you have given to us or that we have collected from others, please contact us in writing at: Black Dog Institute, Hospital Rd, Prince of Wales Hospital, Randwick, NSW 2031.
