Becoming a Registered User

You may register as a MUBI registered user of the Website free of charge (a "User"). To become a User, submit your email address to MUBI and create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer.

Ongoing Subscription

Your MUBI monthly or yearly subscription, which may start with a free trial, will continue month to month or year to year unless and until you cancel your subscription. You must have Internet access and provide us with a current, valid, accepted method of payment (a “Payment method”) to use the MUBI Subscription service. We will bill the subscription fee to your Payment method. You must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of the next period's subscription fees to your Payment method.

Free Trials

Your MUBI membership may start with a free trial. The free trial period of your membership lasts for 7 days, or as otherwise specified during sign-up and is intended to allow new members and certain former members to try the service. MUBI reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to determine your free trial eligibility.


We will begin billing your Payment method for subscription fees at the end of the free trial period of your subscription unless you cancel prior to the end of the free trial period. To view the specific details of your trial or your subscription, visit our website and click the "Subscription" link under settings available at the top of the pages of the MUBI website.


You will not receive a notice from us that your free trial period has ended or that the paying portion of your subscription has begun. We will continue to bill your Payment method for your subscription fee until you cancel.

Billing


Recurring Billing.
By starting your MUBI subscription, you authorize us to charge you a monthly or an annual subscription fee at the then current rate, and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the MUBI service to your Payment method.


Price Changes.
We reserve the right to adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in these Terms & Conditions, any price changes to your service will take effect following email notice to you.


Billing Cycle.
The subscription fee for our service will be billed at the beginning of the paying portion of your subscription unless and until you cancel your subscription. We automatically bill your Payment method monthly or yearly. Subscription fees are fully earned upon payment. We reserve the right to change the timing of our billing, in particular, as indicated below, if your Payment method has not successfully settled. Your renewal date may change due to changes in your Subscription.


No Refunds.
PAYMENTS ARE NONREFUNDABLE AND THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR PARTIALLY USED PERIODS. Following any cancellation, however, you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your current billing period.


Payment methods.
You may edit your Payment method information by visiting our website and clicking on "Subscription" under settings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not edit your Payment method information or cancel your account, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment method, as it may be updated. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates. If you signed up for MUBI using your account with a third party (i.e., iTunes, Google Play or similar account) as a Payment method, and wish to cancel your MUBI subscription at any time, including during your free trial, you will need to do so through such third party, including by visiting your account with the applicable third party and turning off auto-renew, or unsubscribing from the MUBI service. You may also find billing information about your MUBI subscription by visiting your account with the applicable third party. For certain Payment methods, the issuer of your Payment method may charge you a foreign transaction fee or other charges. Check with your Payment method service provider for details.


Cancellation

You may cancel your MUBI subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the MUBI service through the end of your billing period. WE DO NOT PROVIDE REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR ANY PARTIAL SUBSCRIPTION PERIODS. To cancel, go to the "Subscription" under settings.

