Privacy PoliciesContact & CommunicationUsers contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are at times passed on to third parties but directly associated with FIH, specifically hosts or sponsors, in this instance users will be made aware of these intentions at the point of submitting their data.
Email NewsletterThis website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website unless otherwise stiipulated. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website's email newsletter program. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the business address at the bottom of this policy.Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list].This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable clear instructions on how to un-subscribe will by detailed instead.
Cookie Policies
This policy cookie covers the services provided by the following websites:1. fih.ch – the data controller for this website is  International Hockey Federation (FIH);2. worldcup2018.hockey controller for this website is FIH.About cookies In common with many other website operators, we may use standard technology called 'cookies' on these websites. Cookies are small text files containing pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive or other access device when you visit our websites.  Depending on the services you request, or that are being made available on websites, the information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on websites, or a unique identification number so that the websites can "remember" you on your return visit. Cookies can be read by the websites on your subsequent visits. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the websites.How we use cookiesCookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of websites.The cookies on our websites are used to improve services for you through, for example:

Measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fast;
Analysing anonymised data to help us understand how people interact with services provided on our websites so that we can make our website services better.

What cookies we use and why we use themThe cookies used on our websites fall into two categories:On-site cookies:These are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our websites. We may use on-site cookies that are necessary to deliver certain services to you – for example, to do things like save registration information, remember language selection and remember if you have voted in a poll. These cookies do not track your usage.Our websites use cookies in several places and we have listed each cookie below that is set by our websites, along with details about why we use them and how long they will last: Third-party cookies:These are cookies found in other companies’ internet tools, which we are using to enhance our websites. For example, we use Google Analytics to track things like the number of people that our using our websites, where they are coming from and what content they are viewing. This information is collected for statistical purposes only, it does not identify any individual and FIH will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. This helps us to measure whether we could improve areas of our websites. Further details of third party cookies are set out below. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should check the third party websites for more information about these: Please note that our websites also contain links to other sites, such as third parties advertising on our websites from time to time and/or our websites may contain links to other websites, over which we have no control and are not covered by the terms of our cookie and/or privacy policies. If you access other websites using the links provided, the operators of those websites may use cookies and/or otherwise collect information from you in accordance with their privacy policies, which may differ from ours.We use Google AdWords amongst other Remarketing to advertise Hockey across the Internet. Remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the FIH website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER The cookie is used to say “This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.How to manage cookiesMost browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change the preferences or settings on your web browser to control and manage cookies. The procedure for changing the preferences or settings depends on the web browser that you have chosen to use. If you wish to manage cookies yourself, or stop your computer or other device accepting cookies, go to the help section of your internet browser (for example Internet Explorer or Firefox) where you will find information on how to do this. In some cases, you can choose to accept cookies from our websites, but block them from third parties. In others, you can block cookies from specific advertisers, or clear out all cookies.In addition to the procedures detailed above, we have below, suggested links to websites to provide you with further information and procedures to follow to manage cookies. If you want to remove all tracking cookies from all of the websites you visit, here are links to three programmes that allow you to do this:http://www.lavasoft.comhttp://www.safer-networking.orghttps://www.aboutads.info/choices/http://www.webroot.comPlease note that by removing our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our websites, or to make full use of all of our websites’ features.International Hockey Federation Rue du Valentin 61 CH-1004 Lausanne Switzerland
