
 
Privacy policy
We take your privacy very serious at Bonsai Empire, and that's why we put it in our website's core values.
The way we deal with your privacy, summarized:

We will never sell your personal data (like name or emailadress) to any third party.
We send out a newsletter only to members who opt-in (and of course you can unsubscribe at any time).
We track our visitors search behavior in Google Analytics.
We show ads on our site from Google Adsense or Media.

 
Read the following text for more detailed information.
 
 
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site. When registering on our site you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site (Adsense). Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. You could also use About Ads for this purpose.
 
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. You have the ability to manage the use of cookies on your computer using controls in your browser. To learn more about how to manage cookies, visit All About Cookies.
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Cookies are used on our site for Google Analytics.
 
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. Our site uses the https protocol and all databases are carefully encrypted.
 
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for site statistics or showing ads.
 
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
 
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation, including encrypted data protection, exclusively opt-in emails, the option of unsubscribing to all emails and unquestioned withdrawal of user data when requested so.
 
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
 
Contact details
Company name: Bonsai Empire
Contact person: O. Jonker, if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at any time.
 
This policy was last modified on May 17, 2018 
