Privacy

        Booksure™ ("Booksure", "our", "we" or "us") is owned and operated by Magus Ventures (Pty) Ltd. We provide an online reservation management system, secure payment processing system and other services to users ("User", "Users") around the world. 
        It is a platform whereby guests ("Guests") and accommodation providers ("Accommodation Provider") can share information and communicate in order to complete a reservation. We appreciate you visiting our website and making use of our apps, services, features, software and website (together, "Services"). This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all of Services unless specified otherwise. 
        
        Please also read Booksure 
        Your privacy and the protection thereof is important to us. Booksure will keep all personal information you give us strictly confidential.
        
        By utilising or accessing our Services, you consent to the terms as set out in this Privacy Policy. Should you disagree with this privacy policy, please cease your use of our Services immediately. 
        
Information
        Booksure retains and uses your personal information to provide you with the
        best online e-commerce experience by providing you with a personalised service and
        to give you details of offers which we think will be of interest to you.  We use the information to when we operate and provide our Services, including when you install, access, or use our Services.
        Your Account and Personal Information.
        When registering your account, you provide us with some or all of the following information: Your name, surname, mobile number, email address. You confirm you are authorised to provide us such information.
        
        When you provide personal information, we will undertake all reasonable measures to protect such information from unauthorised access and use. These measures include, but are not limited to preventing unauthorised access or disclosure, maintaining data accuracy, and ensuring the appropriate use of the information. 
        Should your information change, you agree to update the information using the update interfaces provided via the different Services. Booksure will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. It is the responsibility of the user to keep the user ID and password confidential.
        
        All personal information will be transmitted securely using modern cryptography (for example, over HTTPS).
        
        As per Booksure’s compliance with The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), no
        credit card information is stored in our database.        
        
        In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified herein, Booksure may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights. 
        Customer Support.
        You may provide us with information related to your use of our Services, including feedback on the use of our Services.
         Usage and Log Information.
        We collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes information about how you use our Services and how you interact with others using our Services 
        Device and Connection Information.
       We collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services. This includes information such as device version, operating system information, web browsing software in use, your preferred web browsing language, IP address, mobile network information including phone number, and device identifiers. 
       We use these technologies to identify our users, and to help with statistical reporting. 
        Cookies.
        A cookie is a small text file that a website you visit asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. We use cookies to operate and provide our Services to you, for example, when you log into the Booksure Admin Dashboard, a cookie is stored on your computer with your credentials for the duration of your logged in session. Please note that if you set your browser or device to disable cookies, certain of our Services may not function properly. 
        Third-Party Providers.
        We work with third-party providers to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. For example, we work with companies to distribute our apps, provide our infrastructure and market our Services. These providers may provide us information about you in certain circumstances; for example, app stores may provide us reports to help us diagnose and fix service issues.
        
        Unless we have your express consent we will only disclose personal data to third parties if this is required for the purpose of completing your transaction with
        us.   This is of course subject to the proviso that we may disclose your data to certain
        permitted third parties, such as members of our own group, our own professional
        advisers who are bound by confidentiality codes, and when we are legally obliged
        to disclose your data.
        
        If you interact with a third-party service through our Services, you may be providing information directly to such third party. Please note that when you use third-party services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services. 
        Messaging and App Content
        Booksure may send e-mail messages to our customers with news and special
        offers and users may, by return mail, indicate whether they would prefer not to
        receive any such mail in future.

        By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including photos, comments and other materials ("User Content"), to the Service. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make available through the Service. Accommodation Providers acknowledge and authorise Booksure to utilise any of their content for marketing and promotional purposes. Any screenprints, digital or printed materials created or compiled are the sole property of Booksure, even after the termination of the Booksure account by the Accommodation Provider. 
        Changes to this privacy policy
        Booksure reserves the right to revise and make amendments to this privacy policy. Changes to this policy will be uploaded to this page.
        Contact us
        Should you have any questions, please 
Booksure™ ("Booksure", "our", "we" or "us") is owned and operated by Magus Ventures (Pty) Ltd. We provide an online reservation management system, secure payment processing system and other services to users ("User", "Users") around the world. It is a platform whereby guests ("Guests") and accommodation providers ("Accommodation Provider") can share information and communicate in order to complete a reservation. We appreciate you visiting our website and making use of our apps, services, features, software and website (together, "Services"). This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all of Services unless specified otherwise.Please also read Booksure Terms of Use ("Terms"), which describes the terms under which you use our Services.Your privacy and the protection thereof is important to us. Booksure will keep all personal information you give us strictly confidential.By utilising or accessing our Services, you consent to the terms as set out in this Privacy Policy. Should you disagree with this privacy policy, please cease your use of our Services immediately.Booksure retains and uses your personal information to provide you with the best online e-commerce experience by providing you with a personalised service and to give you details of offers which we think will be of interest to you. We use the information to when we operate and provide our Services, including when you install, access, or use our Services.When registering your account, you provide us with some or all of the following information: Your name, surname, mobile number, email address. You confirm you are authorised to provide us such information.When you provide personal information, we will undertake all reasonable measures to protect such information from unauthorised access and use. These measures include, but are not limited to preventing unauthorised access or disclosure, maintaining data accuracy, and ensuring the appropriate use of the information. Should your information change, you agree to update the information using the update interfaces provided via the different Services. Booksure will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. It is the responsibility of the user to keep the user ID and password confidential.All personal information will be transmitted securely using modern cryptography (for example, over HTTPS).As per Booksure’s compliance with The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), no credit card information is stored in our database.In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified herein, Booksure may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.You may provide us with information related to your use of our Services, including feedback on the use of our Services.We collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes information about how you use our Services and how you interact with others using our ServicesWe collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services. This includes information such as device version, operating system information, web browsing software in use, your preferred web browsing language, IP address, mobile network information including phone number, and device identifiers. We use these technologies to identify our users, and to help with statistical reporting.A cookie is a small text file that a website you visit asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. We use cookies to operate and provide our Services to you, for example, when you log into the Booksure Admin Dashboard, a cookie is stored on your computer with your credentials for the duration of your logged in session. Please note that if you set your browser or device to disable cookies, certain of our Services may not function properly.We work with third-party providers to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. For example, we work with companies to distribute our apps, provide our infrastructure and market our Services. These providers may provide us information about you in certain circumstances; for example, app stores may provide us reports to help us diagnose and fix service issues.Unless we have your express consent we will only disclose personal data to third parties if this is required for the purpose of completing your transaction with us. This is of course subject to the proviso that we may disclose your data to certain permitted third parties, such as members of our own group, our own professional advisers who are bound by confidentiality codes, and when we are legally obliged to disclose your data.If you interact with a third-party service through our Services, you may be providing information directly to such third party. Please note that when you use third-party services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services.Booksure may send e-mail messages to our customers with news and special offers and users may, by return mail, indicate whether they would prefer not to receive any such mail in future.By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including photos, comments and other materials ("User Content"), to the Service. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make available through the Service. Accommodation Providers acknowledge and authorise Booksure to utilise any of their content for marketing and promotional purposes. Any screenprints, digital or printed materials created or compiled are the sole property of Booksure, even after the termination of the Booksure account by the Accommodation Provider.Booksure reserves the right to revise and make amendments to this privacy policy. Changes to this policy will be uploaded to this page.Should you have any questions, please contact us 