
	PRIVACY PROTECTION

	This policy establishes how we handle the information we learn about you when you visit our site. Protecting the privacy and personal data of our visitors is of utmost importance to us. Protecting your privacy and your personal data is an important aspect of the way we create, organize and implement our activities on-line and off-line.

	 

	LINKAGES CHARACTERISTICS

	The specific practices outlined in this privacy statement apply to the BDL Web site. Our Web sites include links to third party Web sites. You are encouraged to review the privacy statements of other organizations when visiting their Web sites.

	 

	PURPOSE SPECIFICATIONS AND DATA COLLECTION

	In general, you can browse the BDL Web site without disclosing any information about yourself. If you visit the BDL Web site to read or download information, we collect and store only the following information that is automatically recognized: the date and time, the originating IP address, the domain name, the type of browser and operating system used (if provided by the browser), the URL of the referring page (if provided by the browser), the object requested and the completion status of the request

	 

	COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES

	As described above, we sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to our site to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit and we also measure visitor activity on the BDL Web site, but we do so in ways that keep the information anonymous. We use the information that we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. This includes analyzing these logs periodically to measure the traffic through our servers, the number of pages visited and the level of demand for pages and topics of interest. The logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers. ÂÂÂ· We collect the anonymous information we mentioned above through the use of various technologies, one of which is called "cookies". A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive. This anonymous information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. None of this information is reviewed at an individual level. We collect the personal data that you volunteer on registration for "Subscription", "Event Registration" or other forms, or by email.

	We do not associate the information stored in a visitor's cookie with any other personal data about that visitor. All our employees and processors who have access to personal data and are associated with the processing of that data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of data.

	 

	VISITOR'S CHOICE

	Registering on our site is optional. If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use the BDL Web site. Registration is done for subscription purposes that allow BDL to send you email alerts whenever new data is published on the web site. Banque du Liban views the customer information that it collects as a valuable and confidential asset of which we take great care to ensure its safety.

	 

	INDIVIDUAL PARTICIPATION/ ACCESS

	You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you, and you can also request to receive a copy of that personal data. Before sending you any personal data, we will ask you to provide proof of your identity. If you are not able to provide proof of your identity, we reserve the right to refuse to send you the personal data. We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to the previous questions or to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. At any time, you may request that we delete or correct your personal information in our logs. For such requests, please contact bdlit@bdl.gov.lb

	 

	SECURITY

	We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personal information. Banque du Liban has implemented technologies and security policies to protect the stored personal data of our users from unauthorized access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss. We will continue to enhance our security procedures, as new technology becomes available. BDL employees and processors who have access to personal data are obliged to respect the privacy of our visitors and the confidentiality of their personal data.

	 

	LINKS

	1Throughout the BDL Web site, you will find links to third party Web sites such as Central Banks, Banks, financial institutions, international organizations and regulatory bodies. Please note that the BDL is not responsible for the privacy policies or content on third party sites. BDL Web site does not enable you to communicate with other visitors and to post information accessible by others via message boards for example.

	 

	PRIVACY SUPPORT

	If you have any inquiries about our privacy statement, please contact: Banque du Liban POBox 11-5544 Beirut - Lebanon E-mail : bdlit@bdl.gov.lb 
