Respecting your privacyThis website is owned and operated by the International Rescue Committee ('the IRC'). We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, online or otherwise, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns.The IRC respects the privacy of all our supporters, whether donors, members of our mailing lists, or visitors to our website. All information concerning donors or prospective donors, including their names, addresses and telephone numbers, the names of their beneficiaries, the amounts of their gifts, etc., shall be kept strictly confidential by the IRC, its staff and volunteers, unless permission is obtained from donors to release such information. The IRC will not sell, rent or trade our donors' names, postal addresses, email addresses or phone numbers with any other entity.  Should you have questions regarding our privacy policy, you may contact us at [email protected]Information collected by the IRCOn our website we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. The IRC only gathers personally identifiable information, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. For example, personally identifiable information may be collected in order to respond to a stated desire to apply for a position, volunteer time to the IRC, make a donation online or sign up to be part of an IRC mailing list. This information is available to the IRC and other service providers involved in the operation of this site. The IRC requires that all third-party service providers hold personal information in strict confidence. While we do not own or control these companies, we believe they are upstanding and will treat your personal information responsibly.As with most other Internet sites, our web server automatically recognizes the domain name of each visitor to the site, but not the email address. This IP address tells us which domain you visited from (e.g., gmail.com, aol.com, etc.). We use the information we record to help diagnose problems with our server, and to improve the content of our website. The information is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.Opt-out policyIf you supply us with your postal address, email address or phone number, you may receive periodic communications from us with information on our programs and services. If you do not want to receive postal mail, email or phone calls from us in the future, please let us know by sending your request via email to [email protected].Exceptions to opt-out policyThe IRC may disclose personal information if compelled by law or a regulatory authority.  In addition, we may need to disclose personal information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury or interfering (either intentionally or unintentionally) with the IRC’s rights or property, the IRC’s supporters, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.Protecting credit card informationProtecting your credit card information is of the utmost importance to the IRC.  The IRC’s online donation site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control.  We make every effort to ensure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information, including credit card information, by using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology. This method reflects industry standard security protocol and makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept your credit card information.Credit card numbers are not stored on any IRC servers.  In the IRC’s software application, credit card numbers are replaced with reference tokens that are used to process future transactions (e.g. for recurring gift pledges). IRC staff cannot access your credit card information at any time.If you would prefer to give by mail, please send your check to International Rescue Committee, PO Box 6068, Albert Lea, MN 56007-9847. If you would like to make a credit card donation by phone, you may call +1 855 9RESCUE (973-7283).How we use "cookies"Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the IRC’s website through the use of "cookies."  Cookies are small text files that a website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate visitors’ ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will facilitate content improvements.Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning to the visitor a unique number that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. For more information about how to disable cookies, refer to the “help” or “customer support” section of your specific browser application. The IRC uses cookie technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience and facilitate their visit within our site.Links to third-party sitesIn order to provide certain services and materials, our website may allow you to “click” over to other websites. This Privacy Policy only applies to Rescue.org.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites. The IRC is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites, even if our name and logo appear on the screen.  We recommend that you review the privacy policies on third-party sites before you use any services or programs they offer.Children’s privacyThe IRC believes every measure of precaution should be taken to protect children online and does not knowingly ask children ages 13 and under for any information.  Visitors 13 and under should ask their parent or legal guardian for assistance when using Rescue.org and should not submit any personally identifiable information to the IRC.Changes to Privacy PolicyThe IRC may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time without advance notice. Accordingly, we recommend that you check for updates to this Privacy Policy on an ongoing basis. Changes were last made to this Privacy Policy on May 12, 2016.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:International Rescue Committee122 East 42nd StreetNew York, New York 10168-1289Phone: +1 855 9RESCUE (973-7283)Email: [email protected]By using the IRC’s website, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. However, you are under no obligation to disclose any personal information to the IRC if you do not want to. If you are not comfortable with the IRC’s uses of your personal information, you may always choose to opt out or decide not to use those website services or features that require your personal information.