
Respecting your privacy
This website is owned and operated by the International Rescue Committee ('the IRC'). We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, online or otherwise, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns.
The IRC respects the privacy of all our supporters, whether donors, members of our mailing lists, or visitors to our website. All information concerning donors or prospective donors, including their names, addresses and telephone numbers, the names of their beneficiaries, the amounts of their gifts, etc., shall be kept strictly confidential by the IRC, its staff and volunteers, unless permission is obtained from donors to release such information. The IRC will not sell, rent or trade our donors' names, postal addresses, email addresses or phone numbers with any other entity.  Should you have questions regarding our privacy policy, you may contact us at donorservices [at] rescue.org
Information collected by the IRC
On our website we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. The IRC only gathers personally identifiable information, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. For example, personally identifiable information may be collected in order to respond to a stated desire to apply for a position, volunteer time to the IRC, make a donation online or sign up to be part of an IRC mailing list. This information is available to the IRC and other service providers involved in the operation of this site. The IRC requires that all third-party service providers hold personal information in strict confidence. While we do not own or control these companies, we believe they are upstanding and will treat your personal information responsibly.
As with most other Internet sites, our web server automatically recognizes the domain name of each visitor to the site, but not the email address. This IP address tells us which domain you visited from (e.g., gmail.com, aol.com, etc.). We use the information we record to help diagnose problems with our server, and to improve the content of our website. The information is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Opt-out policy
If you supply us with your postal address, email address or phone number, you may receive periodic communications from us with information on our programs and services. If you do not want to receive postal mail, email or phone calls from us in the future, please let us know by sending your request via email to donorservices [at] rescue.org.
Exceptions to opt-out policy
The IRC may disclose personal information if compelled by law or a regulatory authority.  In addition, we may need to disclose personal information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury or interfering (either intentionally or unintentionally) with the IRC’s rights or property, the IRC’s supporters, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Protecting credit card information
Protecting your credit card information is of the utmost importance to the IRC.  The IRC’s online donation site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control.  We make every effort to ensure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information, including credit card information, by using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology. This method reflects industry standard security protocol and makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept your credit card information.
Credit card numbers are not stored on any IRC servers.  In the IRC’s software application, credit card numbers are replaced with reference tokens that are used to process future transactions (e.g. for recurring gift pledges). IRC staff cannot access your credit card information at any time.
If you would prefer to give by mail, please send your check to International Rescue Committee, PO Box 6068, Albert Lea, MN 56007-9847. If you would like to make a credit card donation by phone, you may call +1 855 9RESCUE (973-7283).
How we use "cookies"
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the IRC’s website through the use of "cookies."  Cookies are small text files that a website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate visitors’ ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will facilitate content improvements.
Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning to the visitor a unique number that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. For more information about how to disable cookies, refer to the “help” or “customer support” section of your specific browser application. The IRC uses cookie technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience and facilitate their visit within our site.
Personal Information
The General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) is a European Union regulation concerning the use and processing of personal information. GDPR is effective as of May 25, 2018. We are committed to processing your information in compliance with the GDPR, as applicable.
We will use reasonable efforts to securely process all personal information in line with the rights specified under the GDPR, in particular those related to the following requests:
Access to your personal information;
Correction of the personal information that we hold;
Deletion of your personal information;
A restriction of processing of your personal information;
Transfer of your personal information to another party; or
Objection to processing of your personal information based on IRC’s legitimate interest (or those of a third party) to use it and there is something about your particular situation that causes you to object to such processing.
We will hold your information and use it as described in this Privacy Policy. We consider that IRC has a legitimate interest in collecting and processing your information. IRC responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people whose lives and livelihoods are shattered by conflict and disaster to survive, recover, and gain control of their future and pursuing these aims is not in conflict with your rights. This provides our lawful basis to use your personal information, within the limitations set forth herein.
This website is published in the United States and is subject to laws of the United States. Specifically, the laws of the State of New York shall govern this Privacy Policy regardless of your location. You hereby expressly consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal and state courts located in New York, New York, for all matters or disputes arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy or your access or use of the website. 
If you are located in a country outside the United States and voluntarily submit personal information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States. IRC shall not be liable under any circumstances for damages resulting from use of information collected from visitors to this website.  We note that you are under no obligation to disclose any personal information to the IRC if you do not want to.
Links to third-party sites
In order to provide certain services and materials, our website may allow you to “click” over to other websites. This Privacy Policy only applies to Rescue.org.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites. The IRC is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites, even if our name and logo appear on the screen.  We recommend that you review the privacy policies on third-party sites before you use any services or programs they offer.
Children’s privacy
The IRC believes every measure of precaution should be taken to protect children online and does not knowingly ask children ages 13 and under for any information. Visitors 13 and under should ask their parent or legal guardian for assistance when using Rescue.org and should not submit any personally identifiable information to the IRC.
Changes to Privacy Policy
The IRC may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time without advance notice. Accordingly, we recommend that you check for updates to this Privacy Policy on an ongoing basis. Changes were last made to this Privacy Policy on May 21, 2018.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
International Rescue Committee
122 East 42nd Street
New York, New York 10168-1289
Phone: +1 855 9RESCUE (973-7283)
Email: donorservices [at] rescue.org
By using the IRC’s website, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. Further, your continued use of our website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes.
However, you are under no obligation to disclose any personal information to the IRC if you do not want to. If you are not comfortable with the IRC’s uses of your personal information, you may always choose to opt out or decide not to use those website services or features that require your personal information.
Learn more
Privacy information for residents of Canada

