Boing Ltd obo glitchfestival.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. Information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. Glitch Festival respects the importance of your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding your personal information.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect, your name, address & email address.
We collect information from you when you place an order or enter information on our site. By signing up to our newsletter or pre-register for information. Some 3rd parties may collect this information on our behalf, they will quote our privacy policy when doing so. 
When buying multiple tickets, you are responsible to inform you friends and other attendees of this privacy policy.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

 To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
 To quickly process your transactions.
 To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
 To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
 To remarket with specially targeted marketing campaigns.

How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do use cookies for functionality improvements on our website to provide you with a better experience and targeted advertising. 
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders .
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:

 Demographics and Interests Reporting

We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Please look at Google’s Privacy Policy https://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/  (for embedded Google Maps, the embedded YouTube video player, and Google Analytics and Google Webmaster Tools statistics)
Facebook Pixel
Conversion tracking helps us measure the return on investment of Facebook Ads by reporting on the actions people take after viewing those ads. We create pixels that track conversions, add them to the pages of their website where the conversions will happen, and then track these conversions back to ads they are running on Facebook.
No personal information is contained in or collected as a result of using these cookies or pixels.
Opting out of remarketing pixels and technologies
Please use the following link to help you opt out of any remarketing pixels and technoligies http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email

 Within 7 business days

We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:

 Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
 Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
 We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
 Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.

To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:

 NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
 Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
 Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
 Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
 Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
 Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.

If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at

 Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.

and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Glitch Festival
116, CONSTITUTION STREET,
Mosta, MST 9055
Malta
support(at)glitchfestival(dot)com
Last Edited on 18th February 2017
 
