
Privacy Statement for The Natural Handyman website
Internet user privacy and confidentiality is of the utmost importance to all of us at The Natural Handyman.  Our reputation and integrity is directly related to the trust we have with our clients and customers. Please find below a description of how The Natural Handyman strives to protect the privacy of Internet users, and maintain the Internet as a highly credible medium.

User Information given to us...
All users who simply visit The Natural Handyman website retain complete personal anonymity. We do not acquire or collect any personal information about you when you visit, nor do we require you to give us personal information to use our website. Your name, address, phone number, and email address all remain your private properties. The Natural Handyman does, however, collect non-identifiable personal information which is specific to how you use our website.
Our  servers record non-personally identifying details such as, but not limited to, the server you are logged onto, the geographic location of the ISP you use, the type of browser you use, your IP address, the date and time, the duration of your visit and the pages viewed. This information is obtained solely for the purpose of determining the number of visits each of our pages receive, how much time our visitors spend viewing our articles and home many pages each of our visitors view.  This information is pooled for statistical purposes.
There are instances when a user may provide specific personal information when filling out a form on our site, such as for contests or our  newsletter.  This information is kept in absolute confidence and is not shared with any other organization.
Furthermore we do not collect or sell the email addresses or demographic information of "casual visitors".  A casual visitor is someone who visits pages on our website but does not fill out any forms.
The Cookie Principle...
The Natural Handyman uses cookies for collecting such general information as how many people visit our site, how long they stay, and how many pages they view.  No personal information is obtained with cookies.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that use if you desire.
However, if you block cookies from our website by changing the settings of your browser or using an internet security "firewall" program, you may not have access to portions of our content.  These security programs can block important graphics and other content which are not injurious to you.
We are a legitimate informational website with no interest in misdirecting you, "hijacking" your browser or using the disreputable tactics of some other websites.
Advertising Seen On Our Site...
The Natural Handyman may use outside organizations to provide advertising for our site. The links on these ads may contain cookies that the advertiser uses to track the ad's effectiveness. Cookies received with banner ads are collected by the advertiser(s), and we do not have access or control over this information.
Though we try to maintain relationships with only the most reputable advertisers, we have no control over their policies or procedures and cannot accept responsibility for their actions.  However, we welcome any questions or complaints regarding any ads posted on our website.
External Links...
This site contains links to other websites or references to non-Internet informational sources. The Natural Handyman is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites or sources.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Giveaways...
The Natural Handyman offers sweepstakes, contests or giveaways for the entertainment of our readers and the benefit of our sponsors.  These sweepstakes may be internal (information is collected by us) or external (information is collected by the sponsor).
To enter our internal contests, we ask visitors for minimal personal contact information which is necessary to be able to identify and contact the winners.  Entering our contests does not place the entrant on any permanent email or "spam" list, nor is this information given or sold to anyone.  However, your name and city/town will be released for public announcement if you become a winner. 
  The sponsor of the contest may be given the information submitted in your
  entry form.
We reserve the right to email any contest entrant once per contest concerning the selection of the winner(s) and a short note from the sponsor.  Visit our   contest rules for more specific information.
If the contest is external, meaning hosted on another website, we provide only a descriptive informational link to their website. All information regarding rules, privacy and information collection are the responsibility of the hosting website, and neither our rules nor privacy policies apply to them.
Special Relationships with other websites or companies...
The Natural Handyman shares content with other websites and other websites share content with us.  We do not, however, share any information given to us by visitors to our site.
Security
The Natural Handyman has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.  Email messages sent to us do not reside on a networked server and are inaccessible except for authorized persons in our employ.
Our subscriber lists are secured from unauthorized viewing or "harvesting" within the limitations of the technology.  We acknowledge, however, that there are no absolute privacy protections and thus cannot take responsibility for the malicious acts of others that are contrary to the policies listed in this document.
Disclosure regarding changes in this policy...
The Natural Handyman has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. If you have any questions pertaining to this privacy policy and its contents, please click 
HERE to send us a message. We reserve the right to change, clarify or extend this policy statement from time to time based on our needs, the needs of our visitors, changes in technology or changes in applicable law. 
However, rest assured that: 

At no time will information which you provided to us in confidence be intentionally released to any organization or person without your permission.
We will not retroactively change our privacy policy for the purpose of intentionally releasing your personal information without your permission.

You may also contact us regarding our privacy policy or any other matter
	at our corporate office at:
G George Ventures, Inc.
	  16 Hilltop Drive       Canton,
	CT 06019
	860.906.6547 (Leave a message!!)

