
												This privacy policy applies only to information collected on the Sites and does not apply to information collected by LGEUS through any other means.
											

												We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites: (1) Personally Identifiable Information; and (2) Non- Personally Identifiable Information, such as your IP address or cookies.
											
(1) Personally Identifiable Information 

											"Personally Identifiable Information" is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or company name. LGEUS collects and stores the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Sites:
											

												We may collect your first and last name and product or service details if you contact us with a question related to our products or services; 
												We may collect your first and last name, mailing address and billing information if you purchase a product or service on the Sites; 
												We may collect registration details about a product or any hardware that you purchase from LGEUS and this information may be tied to your name and mailing address; 
												We may collect your first and last name, mailing information, email address and billing information if you download information from a Site; 
												We may collect your name, email address or phone number if you contact us with a question; 
												We may collect your first and last name, date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes; and/or 
												We may collect your name and mobile phone number if you consent to receive autodialed and/or pre-recorded telemarketing messages from or on behalf of us at your mobile number. We may collect your name and mobile phone number if	you consent to receive SMS/MMS messages from or on behalf of us at your mobile number.
											

												The above list provides an example of the personally identifiable information that may be collected on the Sites. If you do not want LGEUS to collect your personally identifiable information, please do not provide it to us.
											
(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information 

												"Non-Personally Identifiable Information" can be technical information or it can be demographic information, such as your age, location, gender or interests. Non-personally identifiable information does NOT identify you personally. Here are some examples of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites:
											

												Internet Protocol (IP) address -- Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the webpages you view.
											

												Cookie -- A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Sites. For example, when someone visits a page within the Sites, a cookie is placed on the user's machine (if the user accepts cookies) or is read if the user has visited the Sites previously. Cookies may also be used to track users across the Web. We use the information we collect from cookies for marketing and product planning purposes. Collected data may also be shared, in aggregate form, with third-parties (e.g., dealers, marketers, and distributors). We do not currently honor any “do-not-track” signal sent by browsers. However, you may opt-out of targeted advertising from National Advertising Initiative members by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. You may also set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Sites. Additionally, some of the cookies we use may be flash cookies or Adobe cookies. While they are harmless, they may contain non-personally identifiable information and depending on your browser these cookies may not normally be deleted when your cookies are deleted. Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted.
											

												Web Beacons (also known as "clear gifs," "web bugs" or "pixel tags") -- "Web Beacons" are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted email messages, web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages.
											

												Product Information -- We may collect registration information or other details about your product or service. Unless this information is tied to your name or address, it is not considered personally identifiable.
											

												We collect the above non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to our Sites. If you do not want LGEUS to have access to this information, please do not visit our Sites.
											
