
Privacy Policy

Capterra is committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors' personally identifiable information. To better protect your privacy, and so that you can understand our privacy practices, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used by Capterra.
When you provide your personally identifiable information to Capterra, you expressly accept this Privacy Policy and provide full consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personally identifiable information by Capterra, and to the use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information to Capterra Affiliates and third parties in accordance with the terms set out in this Policy. "Capterra Affiliate" is any legal entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Capterra.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
To enable visitors to take advantage of Capterra's services, we collect certain types of personally identifiable information from both software vendors and software buyers.
Software Vendors' Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect the following types of personally identifiable information from vendors to enable them to list their company and product information on our site: company name and a company contact's name, e-mail, and telephone number. In addition, we collect certain non-personally identifiable information about the vendor's company including location of headquarters and number of employees and customers.
The information that we collect from software vendors enables them to offer buyers opportunities to learn about products and services and to facilitate enterprise software transactions.
Software Users' and Purchasers' Personally Identifiable Information
We do not require visitors to register in order to do research using Capterra's website. However, if a visitor chooses to fill out a request for help finding software, we collect personally identifiable information including name, company name, email address, and phone number. We pass this information on to software vendors when the visitor has requested us to do so.
If a visitor fills out a review form, we collect personally identifiable information including name, company name, and email address. When a review is submitted, we pass name and company name to the software vendor. When a review is confirmed by the visitor, we display name and company name on our website. We share the visitor's email address with the software vendor upon request, on a case-by-case basis.
We also share your personally identifiable information with our Capterra Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Policy. In all cases, we collect, use and share your personally identifiable information in a lawful manner for relevant and appropriate business purposes. We retain your personally identifiable information only for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was collected.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about our visitors when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage.
Disclosure/Legal Process
Capterra may preserve and has the right to disclose any information about you or your use of our site without your prior permission if we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Capterra or its employees, affiliates, other users of the site, or the public; or (b) enforce the Terms of Use or Terms and Conditions for the site. We may also disclose information as we deem necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency or other governmental request.
Choices/Opt-Out
Capterra and Capterra Affiliates may contact software vendors and site visitors who have sent requests to us through forms on our website. If you prefer not to receive information from this site, just let us know by responding directly to the email or contacting info@capterra.com.
Updating Your Information
If, at any time, your contact information changes, or you would like to verify or change the information we have in our records concerning you or your company, please contact us at info@capterra.com.
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our site, we may use cookies. Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites.
Additionally, we use Google Analytics cookies to track visitor behavior on our site. We may use the data stored in these cookies to apply interest-based advertising techniques, including remarketing, affinity audiences, in-market audiences, similar audiences, demographic and location targeting. Google Analytics advertising features also allow us to report on impressions of Google Display Network advertisements, such as when users view our banner advertisements and/or YouTube videos. We do not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising products or features unless the user affirms their information by opting-in to receive communications from Capterra.

          You may opt out of interest-based ads in Google by updating your Ads Settings at www.google.com/settings/ads , or by visiting Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Our site contains links to other websites (e.g., sites that provide information on specific software categories) whose information practices may be different than ours.  Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
We sometimes may offer promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with identified third parties. By virtue of their sponsorship, these third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the promotion. Capterra has no control over the third-party sponsors' use of this information. The particular promotion will provide you with reasonable notice of the third party sponsor(s) who will obtain such information at the time the personally identifiable information is requested.
Security
We use reasonable technological, physical and other measures to keep your information protected from unauthorized access. Due to the nature of the Internet and related technology, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information and Capterra expressly disclaims any such obligation.
Children's Privacy
Capterra.com is not intended for use by children. Children are not eligible to use our website and we ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to us. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our database.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time as we add new products and services, as we improve our current offerings, and as technologies change. If we make any material or substantive changes in our treatment of information collected at this site, we will notify you by posting a clear and conspicuous notice of these changes on our website and in this privacy policy.
International users
This site is hosted from the United States. Users located outside of the United States consent to the transfer of their data to the United States for processing and use in accordance with this privacy policy.
Applicable Law
Our collection and use of information as set forth in this privacy policy shall be governed by laws of the District of Columbia, USA.

Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this statement or would like more information on our privacy practices, please contact us at info@capterra.com.

Last Updated: December 2015

