
INTRODUCTION

	The Bar of Ireland ( “we”, “us”, “our”) is a Data Controller for personal information provided by you. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of both of our members and members of the public and will use your information in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and any applicable data protection legislation in Ireland and the E.U (“Applicable Data Protection legislation”). We have created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of your information and to explain to you our use of your information. In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Statement before continuing your use of our Website. If you have any queries in relation to our use of your information you may contact dataprotection@lawlibrary.ie.

	 

	INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU

	We collect the following information:

	·       Information that you provide to us when using our Website. This includes information provided at the time of logging in to use the member section of our Website or the Barrister’s Desktop;

	·       If you contact us for any reason, we may keep a record of that correspondence for as long as it is necessary depending on the nature of your contact;

	·       Details of your visits to our Website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data and the resources, advertisements and linked sites that you access;

	·       Information such as your name and photographs of you at Bar of Ireland  functions, seminars and CPD events;

	·       Our Website uses cookies. The purpose of the cookies is solely to assist us in ensuring we provide relevant information in an easily accessible format. Please see our Cookie Policy below;

	·       Both the search and the “Find a Barrister” facilities on our Website are internal search functions and only return information that appears on our Website.

	 

	HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

	We may use your personal information for the purposes of:

	·       Administering our website;

	·       Allowing us to perform our functions and objectives as the representative body for the barristers’ profession in Ireland as governed by the Constitution of The Bar of Ireland;

	·       Enabling your access to and use of the Website services;

	·       To ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;

	·       To provide you with information that you request from us or which we feel may interest you or where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;

	·       To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;

	·       To allow you to participate in the interactive features of our Website;

	·       To notify you about changes to our Website and/or services.

	 

	LEGAL BASIS

	We collect and use your personal information on one or more of the following grounds:

	·       You have given your consent;

·       It is necessary to fulfil our contract with you;

	·       It is in the legitimate interests of The Bar of Ireland to collect and use your information however only insofar as our use of your information is balanced with your rights and freedoms. For example, we may use your information to promote the Bar at functions, events and CPD seminars but will only do so insofar as your data protection rights are respected.

	 

	DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION

	In certain circumstances we may disclose your personal information to data processers working directly on our behalf. In all instances we will ensure that your information is given the appropriate level of data protection under the Applicable Data Protection Legislation and that such data processors are subject to a contractual arrangement ensuring that your information is protected.

	 

	STORAGE OF YOUR INFORMATION

Your personal information is not transferred to any country outside of the EEA. In such circumstances where it may be necessary to transfer your information outside the EEA we will ensure that you are notified of this.

	 

	We will only store your information for as long as is necessary given the purpose for which it was gathered.

	 

	YOUR RIGHTS

	If you would like to request access to your personal information or ask that we amend your information or seek an erasure of your information please contact dataprotection@lawlibrary.ie setting out as much detail as possible.

	 

	If you have consented to the use of your personal information you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. We hope you are happy with how we use your information but if you are not you may lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner at info@dataprotection.ie.

	 

	Cookie Policy

	The Bar of Ireland uses cookies on its websites. By making use of these sites you consent to these cookies.

What Are Cookies?

	Cookies are small pieces of data deposited on your device by websites. Cookies are used by The Bar of Ireland for collecting anonymous usage statistics as well as allowing private secured websites, such as Barrister's Desktop, to function. No personal information obtained from cookies is retained by The Bar of Ireland.

Third Party Cookies

	Some of the legal databases connected via Barrister's Desktop use cookies in order to permit legitimate usage. We refer users to the respective cookie policies of Better Regulation and The Irish Times. Additionally, the YouTube videos embedded in our homepage use cookies from Google, some of which are used for advertising. Here is more information on how Google uses cookies for advertising and Google's full privacy policy.

	Removing Cookies

	It is possible to remove cookies from your web browser, and the method varies from browser to browser. For example:


		On Microsoft Internet Explorer, select "Internet Options" from the settings menu and click "Browsing history" in the General tab.

		On Google Chrome, select "Tools" from the settings menu and click "clear browsing data".

		On Mozilla Firefox, select "Options" and then "Options" again from the settings menu and click "remove individual cookies" in the "Privacy" tab.

		On Apple Safari, select "Preferences..." from the settings menu and click "Remove All Website Data" in the Privacy tab.


	For other browsers, check your browser's help section for guidance.

	 
