

Privacy Policy

Fanproj Productions has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site, mobile site, application.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. Your IP address or demographic information is never shared with anyone or disclosed to third parties.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and to save your login information so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. Information collected using cookies is never shared with anyone or disclosed to third parties.
Cookies are not programs that can damage your computer. If you wish to stop the cookie functionality on your browser, you may do so.
How do we comply with EU’s General Data Protection Regulation?
EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is designed to ensure that users understand what kind of data websites collect about them. GDPR empowers EU citizens to demand clear answers to questions such as what are the personally identifiable information that websites collect about them. Consumers gain the rights to know which data is stored about them, and can demand data deletion and correction of inaccurate information.
Please feel free to get in touch with us at [email protected] for any request or additional information towards our compliance with GDPR.
DoubleClick DART Cookie

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on http://www.fanprojseries.com.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to http://www.fanprojseries.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Fanproj Productions is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We make every effort to maintain quality of service and prevent misuse.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us
