


Your Privacy is Important to Us
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of 
			information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose 
			that is collected on an individual basis and web site use 
			information collected on a aggregate basis as you and others browse 
			our web site. You can browse our site without telling us who you are 
			or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once we obtain 
			that information you are consenting to the transfer and storage of 
			your personal information in our visitor and customer database. 
			Personal Information You Choose to Provide:
1) Registration Information
You will provide us information about yourself, your firm or 
			company, and your practices when you register to be a member of 
			Shipdetective.com (not required at this time), register for certain 
			services (Community Forum) or register for email newsletter and 
			alerts. You may also provide additional comments on how you see 
			Shipdetective.com servicing your needs and interests. 
2) Email Address
Similar to other commercial websites, our web site utilizes 
			standard technology called “cookies” (small data file placed on your 
			hard drive) to help analyze our web page flow and customize our 
			services to help serve you better. We use Cookies and web sever logs 
			to collect information on how our Web site is used. Information 
			gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the day and 
			time of visits, pages viewed, and the time spent at our web site. At 
			no time will we ever give you email address to anyone or sell your 
			email to anyone. 
3) Shipping & Billing Information
We may collect and store the following information when you make 
			a purchase from the Shipdetective.com Travel Store: Your shipping 
			and billings address, contact phone number, credit card or bank 
			account numbers, and transactional information based on your 
			activities on our site.
4) Feedback and Cruise Survey Information
We collect feedback from consumers to evaluate and improve our 
			service delivery. Feedback comments generally are not made public, 
			however on certain occasions, Shipdetective.com may be interested in 
			publishing some of your comments and your initials on our Web site. 
			We will contact you prior to publication of any feedback comments. 
			Information including name, address, phone number and any other 
			personal information will not be disclosed. Cruise Review Survey.
When you submit to us your our completed Cruise Review Survey, 
			you agree to allow Shipdetective.com to use the information 
			contained in the survey and the results published in its entirety or 
			in a edited format on our Web site, or any other media publication 
			distributed by Shipdetective.com, Inc. such as newsletters and our 
			Custom Cruise Guides. We do not collect personal information such as 
			name, address and phone number for the purpose of reporting the 
			results of our Survey. We may collect shipping information for the 
			purpose of delivering gifts or promotional items. 
With Whom We May Share Information
We may share certain information about you with those of our 
			vendors who are responsible for handling your account or performing 
			other services that you require. Although we may share sensitive 
			financial information (I.e., credit card numbers, banking 
			information), security information and personal communications with 
			such vendors where necessary and appropriate, we will not share such 
			information with other third parties, except law enforcement or 
			other governmental official, in response to formal requests (e.g., 
			subpoena or court order) relating to a criminal investigation or 
			alleged illegal activity; (In such events we will disclose name, 
			city, state, telephone number, and email address.
How We Put Information to Good Use
We use information about you for purposes of monitoring and 
			improving our internal operations, as well as to improve the 
			experience of the users of our Web site. We use Web site traffic 
			information that helps us determine how much our customers use parts 
			of the site, allowing us to enhance it to fit the needs of as many 
			of our visitors as possible. 
Third Party Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you 
				visit our website. These companies may use information (not 
				including your name, address, email address, or telephone 
				number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to 
				provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to 
				you. If you would like more information about this practice and 
				to know your choices about not having this information used by 
				these companies,
				click here.
Updated 1/17/2012
For more information regarding our policies and procedures, 
			please see our 
User Agreement.
Back to the top

	 

