


Right of access
User shall have the right to obtain from the Data Controller the following information: the purposes of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed; the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored; the rights of the User, the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. The User shall request the Company to provide information concerning the data processing at any time in writing or in electronic form. Data Controller should be obliged to respond to requests from the User without undue delay and at least within 25 days and to give reasons where the Data Controller does not intend to comply with any such requests.
The Data Controller shall also inform the User of the possibilities for lodging a complaint with the Authority.




Right to rectification
User shall have the right to obtain from the Company without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. The Company shall rectify the data and should be obliged to respond to the requests from the User without undue delay and at the latest within 25 days in writing or in electronic form.
If the Company does not take action on the request of the User, the Company shall inform the User without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt of the request of the reasons for not taking action and on the possibility of lodging a complaint with the Authority and seeking a judicial remedy.




Right to restriction of processing
User shall have the right to obtain from the Data Controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
(a) the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the User, for a period enabling the Data Controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
(b) the processing is unlawful and the User opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of their use instead;
(c) the Data Controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the User for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Where processing has been restricted, such personal data shall, with the exception of storage, only be processed with the User's consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person.
The Company shall provide information on action taken on a request for rectification to the User without undue delay and in any event within one month of receipt of the request. If the Company does not take action on the request of the User, the Company shall inform the User without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt of the request of the reasons for not taking action and on the possibility of lodging a complaint with the Authority and seeking a judicial remedy.




Right to erasure
User shall have the right to obtain from the Data Controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay and the Data Controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies: 
(a) the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
(b) User withdraws consent on which the processing is based or requests the erasure of personal data, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing;
(c) the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or or erasures is ordered by the Authority or by court;
(d) User objects to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing.
The Company shall provide information on action taken on a request for erasure to the User without undue delay and in any event within one month of receipt of the request. If the Company does not take action on the request of the User, the Company shall inform the User without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt of the request of the reasons for not taking action and on the possibility of lodging a complaint with the Authority and seeking a judicial remedy.




Supervisory authority
In case of violation of his/her rights, User has the right to lodge a complaint with the Authority. 
The supervisory authority:
National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
HUNGARY-1125 Budapest, Szilágyi Erzsébet fasor 22/C.
Postal address: 1530 Budapest, Pf. 5.
Phone number: +36 -1-391-1400
Fax number: +36-1-391-1410
E-mail address: [email protected]




Judicial remedy
User is entitled to seek remedies in case of violation of his/her rights. The competent court is the regional court. The lawsuit could be brought – according to the choice of the User – before the court in the residence or the place of stay of the User.



