
Parkbench Inc. ("Parkbench") Privacy Policy 

Last updated on August 28, 2014

We take pride in keeping our Privacy Policy up-to-date. This page changes often, so please keep checking back for the newest version.

 

Here are the highlights of some changes we've made recently:

—We’ve simplified the language to make it easier to read and understand

—We’ve added details about how we work with the information you submit to us and what we collect through your use of our site

—We’ve accounted for new products and features in Parkbench 2.0, including the new QuickTap & EasyWrite Review system and message board

—We’ve added more information about how and when you can control your privacy or sharing on our websites and mobile applications

This Privacy Policy is effective immediately for any users registering accounts. It will become effective for pre-existing users on February 2, 2013.

This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of information about you in connection with  your use of the sites and mobile applications.

This Privacy Policy applies to parkbench.com, parkbench.ca, and the Parkbench mobile applications.

The terms "we", "us", "Parkbench", and "the site" refer to Parkbench Inc., a Canadian corporation. This policy does not apply to the offline activities of Parkbench or any of its affiliates.

When you use our sites, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

.........................................................................................................................................

Table of Contents:

·      Overview: Why privacy is important to Parkbench
·      What is personal information
·      Personal information we collect
·      Automatically collected information
·      Information collected by email
·      Control of personal information and communications
·      Data changes
·      How we use personal information
·      Sharing of personal information
·      Cookies and applets
·      Third parties
·      Data retention and account termination
·      Children
·      Security
·      Dispute resolution
·      Jurisdiction
·      Enforcement
·      Feedback
·      Modifications to this Privacy Policy
·      Further information

.........................................................................................................................................

Overview: Why privacy is important to Parkbench

Parkbench is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We respect your right to privacy, and we want you to be aware of how we collect and handle information on the websites and mobile applications covered by this policy.

Because our business changes constantly, our Privacy Policy will change also, and information collected through the website is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is collected (unless you consent otherwise as to information related to you).

You are advised to check this web page (or such other page accessible by clicking on the Privacy Policy link in the footer of this website) frequently to see recent changes.

Parkbench will notify users of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the version of the Privacy Policy containing such changes on this web page (or such other page accessible by clicking on the Privacy Policy link in the footer of this website).

For more information about privacy issues in Canada and protecting your privacy, visit the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada website.

 

What is personal information?

Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual such as a name, address, telephone number, email address, or other account number, and information about that individual's activities when directly linked to that person, such as information about his or her use of the Parkbench websites or services.

Personal information also includes demographic information such as date of birth, gender, geographic area and preferences when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies you.

 

Personal information we collect

Parkbench collects personal information in a number of ways, including, for example, when you:

a.   Register and set up an account

b.   Sign up for any of our emails

c.   Post a rating/review, or any other content on any of the Parkbench Inc. websites

d.   Contact us by email, or

e.   Make a transaction through our site

We may store the information you submit, as well as information we collect in connection with your use of the site.

We use the information to fulfill your requests, provide the site’s functionality, improve the site’s quality, personalize your experience, track usage of the site, provide feedback to businesses that are listed on the site, display relevant advertising, provide customer support, message you, back up our systems and allow for disaster recovery, enhance the security of the site, and comply with legal obligations.

Among the information we collect:

Account information: If you create an account on Parkbench, we may store and use your full name, email address, postal code and other information you may provide with your account, such as your gender and birth date. By default, your first name and last initial, as well as any photo you submit through the registration process, will by publicly displayed as part of your account profile. You can modify this setting and some of the information associated with your account here. If you feel that an unauthorized account has been created depicting you or your likeness, you can request its removal here.

Public content: The information that you post to the site is intended for public consumption, including your reviews, tips, photos, comments, likes, message board posts, “I’m going” posts, and account profile. We may display this information on the site, share it with businesses, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.

Contacts: You can invite your friends to join the site by providing their contact information, or by allowing us to use your address book from your computer, mobile device, or other sites. If you invite a friend to join and connect with you on the Site, we may transmit your friend’s contact information to Parkbench long enough to process your requests.

Communications: When you sign up for an account, you are opting in to receive emails from other Parkbench users, businesses, and Parkbench itself. You can manage your email preferences here, but note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative or legal notices from Parkbench. If you exchange messages with others through the site, we may store them in order to process and deliver them, allow you to manage them, and investigate possible wrongdoings in connection with the site. If you send information from the Site to your phone via SMS text message, we may log your phone number, phone carrier, and the date and time that the message was processed. Carriers may charge recipients for texts that they receive.

Transactional information: If you write reviews about businesses or obtain any kind of promotion (e.g. Prevoupon, Revoupon, Flash Deal) from businesses with which you transact through the site, we may publicly display the fact that you transacted with those businesses.

Site activity: We may store information about your use of the site, such as your search activity, the pages you view, the date and time of your visit, and the businesses you call using our mobile applications. We also may store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Site, such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, unique device identifier, location, and requested and referring URLs.

 

Automatically collected information

When you visit Parkbench.com, some information is also automatically collected, such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer's operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site, and the time and date of your visit. We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying information mentioned above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only.

We collect information on website visitors collectively, including which sections of the site are most frequently visited, how often, and for how long. This type of information is aggregated, non-personal information and helps us understand trends and our users' needs so that we can further improve the websites and/or services. Parkbench also collects and uses some information on an individual basis regarding your interaction with us.

IP Addresses: Our web servers collect the IP addresses of our users. These are mainly used in an aggregate form to determine usage trends, however, they are also used as another identifier, to help protect the integrity of the information on Parkbench. For instance, if a particular business is reviewed consecutively by the same IP address within a short time-frame, that might prompt Parkbench Inc. to investigate to ensure that the reviews are legitimate and based on actual customer experiences.

 

Information collected by email

Emails to Users

When you send emails and messages to other Parkbench users through the Parkbench website, your email will not include your email address, but will send a separate email to the user's email account with a link to the email you sent on the Parkbench website. However, the contents of that email are stored against your profile and become part of your personal information.

Emails through the Contact Us page

When you send emails to Parkbench through the Contact Us page or other contact pages, or through any email program, we will have access to your email address, as well as the content of that specific email you have sent us.

 

Control of personal information and communications

We give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and to view and correct your own personal information.

If you do not want to receive emails from us, you can;

(a) Click on "Your Name" to go to your account profile, and then click "Settings" and alter your preferences accordingly;

(b) Follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of any email you receive from us;

If you want to view or correct your personal information, you can access your information online by clicking on "Your Name" at the top of the page.

Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account if you include personal information in the content you post publicly. You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the site pseudonymously, though doing so could detract from the credibility of your contributions to the site.

Users can also use the Member Search feature to find one another based on their names or email addresses. You can opt-out of this feature.

Please also note that the messages you send or receive using the site are only private to the extent that both you and the sender/recipient keep them private. For example, we do not have any control over whether a recipient of one of your messages publicly posts it or its contents. Similarly, Parkbench may also access such messages in the course of investigations relating to site use.

 

Data changes

If you change your personal data or content, we usually update our databases immediately. However, some data may update more slowly, and some old data may remain in our archives and records. Also, we may be unable to propagate changes to any partners who receive your data or content.

 

How we use personal information

In general, we use personal information to process your requests and provide you with services, verify that any reviews or other content you post is genuine and legitimate, or to inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you. When we use personal information in our marketing efforts, we provide you with options to opt-out of these types of communications. We do not disclose your information to third parties, except as described in this Policy. Personal information provided online may be linked together or merged with other personal information so that we may better understand your needs and inform you about our products or services and those of our partners. In addition, if we receive information from third parties with whom we have business relationships, we may combine this information with the other personal information we maintain about you. In either case, this Policy governs this information. We absolutely do not transfer or sell your information for inclusion on third party email or other marketing lists.

 

Sharing of personal information

We do not sell, rent or share personal information with third parties without your prior consent except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy. We may share personal information with third-party vendors who assist us in performing functions necessary to operate our business. These functions may include, without limitation: website hosting, credit card transaction processing, and data entry. We limit the information shared with our third-party vendors to that which we believe is necessary to carry out those functions. Moreover, we require them to comply with our privacy practices, and not to use the information for other purposes except as required by law. We are not responsible for any failure on their part to comply with our privacy practices, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them.

In addition, we may disclose personal information when we believe that we are lawfully authorized to do so, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal processes or authorities, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Parkbench Inc., our users, our employees or the public. Information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personal information when posting reviews or other content to the site, this information may be collected and used by others. You agree that Parkbench Inc. shall bear no responsibility for any such disclosures. We recommend that you exercise caution in giving out personal information to others in public online forums.

 

Cookies and applets 

Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive by a website you visit. These files identify your computer and record your preferences and other data about your visit so that when you return to the site, the site knows who you are and can personalise your visit.

We, and third parties with whom we partner, may use cookies, web beacons, local shared objects (sometimes called "flash cookies"), and similar technology in connection with your use of the site and third party websites ("Cookies"). Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the site, such as your browser type, search preferences, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may be persistent or stored only during an individual session.

Parkbench uses cookies to provide you with a better experience as these allow you to automatically log on every time you visit the website (if you choose this option). Users who do not wish to receive cookies can instruct their web browsers to refuse them.

Types of Cookies used on the site include:

Processes

o   Intended to make the site work in the way you expect it to. For example, we use a Cookie that tells us whether you have already signed up for an account.

Authentication, security, and compliance

o   Intended to prevent fraud, protect your data from unauthorized parties, and comply with legal requirements. For example, we use Cookies to determine if you are logged in.

 Preferences

o   Intended to remember information about how you prefer the site to behave and look. For example, we use a Cookie that tells us whether you have declined to allow us to use your phone’s geolocation data.

Notifications

o   Intended to allow notice of information or options that we think could improve your use of the site. For example, we use a Cookie that allows us to stop showing you the signup notification if you have already seen it.

Advertising

o   Intended to make advertising more relevant to users and more valuable to advertisers. For example, we use a Cookie that tells us if you have recently clicked on an ad.

Analytics

o   Intended to help us understand how visitors use the site. For example, we use a Cookie that tells us how our search suggestions correlate to your interaction with the search page.

Managing Cookies: It may be possible to disable some (but not all) Cookies through your device or browser settings, but doing so may affect your ability to use the site. The method for disabling cookies may vary by device and browser, but can usually be found in the user preferences or security settings.

 

Third Parties

We may share information about you with third parties as follows:

Advertisers: We may allow third parties to use Cookies on the site to collect the same type of information for the same purposes as Parkbench does for itself. They may be able to associate the information they collect with other information they have about you from other sources.

We do not necessarily have access to or control over the Cookies they use, but you may be able to opt-out of some of their practices by visiting the following sites: Network Advertising Initiative, Omniture, Aperture, Digital Advertising Alliance and PrivacyChoice. Please note that opting-out does not prevent the display of advertisements to you.

Service providers: Some of the services that are offered through the site, such the IDX Real Estate Search, may be provided by third-party providers. We also outsource some of Parkbench’s functions to third-party providers, such as technical and customer support, tracking and reporting functions, quality assurance testing, payment processing functions, and other services. We may share information from or about you with these third party providers so that they can perform their services or complete your requests.

Aggregate information: We may share user information in the aggregate with third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors. For example, we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertisements.

Business transfers: We may share information from or about you with subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require them to honour this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires Parkbench or all of our assets, that company will possess the same information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

Businesses on the Parkbench sites: We may share information from or about you (such as your age and gender) and your use of the site (such as, which businesses you bookmark or call) with businesses on the sites. You may adjust your settings to increase or decrease the amount of information we share. You can view these settings and find more details about what information may be shared here.

Investigations: We may investigate and disclose information from or about you if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure is (a) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; (b) helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the site; or (c) protect our rights, reputation, property, or that of our users' affiliates, or the public.

Links: The site may contain links to unaffiliated third party websites. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your personal information with them, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites.

Facebook and Twitter: If you are logged into Facebook, and you access but are not logged into the site, we may receive information from Facebook to make it easier for you to create an account on the site and show you relevant content from your Facebook friends. This information personalizes your experience and helps you create a Parkbench account.

You can also connect your Parkbench account to your accounts on third party services like Facebook and Twitter, in which case we may collect and store information identifying your account with the third party service. We use the information to help you connect and share public content with your friends and followers. You can manage these settings here.

 

Data Retention and Account Termination

You can close your account by clicking here. We will remove your public posts from view and/or dissociate them from your account profile, but we may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this Privacy Policy unless prohibited by law. For example, we may retain information to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the site or to comply with legal obligations. Please note that businesses cannot remove their business listings, ratings or reviews by closing their accounts.

 

Children

The site is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us here.

If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account.

 

Security

We have put into place reasonable security measures in an effort to protect personal information while it is under our control. However, no method of transmission over the internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

All personal information relating to our users is stored in a secure environment. Your account information, including your email address, is accessible online only through the use of a password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of Parkbench from your account.

Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused by clicking here.

 

Dispute Resolution

If you believe that Parkbench has not adhered to this Privacy Policy you may contact us online by clicking here or write to us at the following address: Parkbench.com, Attn: Privacy Officer, 740 Broadview Ave., 2nd Floor, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M4K 2P1.

 

Jurisdiction

The information we obtain from or about you may be processed and stored in Canada, which may provide for different data protection rules than the country in which you reside.

We comply with the EU & Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Frameworks as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union and Switzerland.

We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement.

We will respond to requests relating to personal data within 30 days.

To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit http://export.gov/safeharbor.

 

Enforcement

We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.

 

Feedback

We welcome your feedback. If you have any comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or would like to contact us for any reason, please click here.

 

Modifications to this Privacy Policy

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of information about you and will be located here.

If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the site prior to the effective date of the changes. By continuing to access or use the site after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

 

Further privacy information

For more information about privacy issues in Canada and protecting your privacy, visit the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada website.

 

Last Updated: August 2014

 
