


DATA PRIVACY IN DTI
The Philippine Constitution laid down the basis for the basic human right of privacy in information. Republic Act (RA) 10173, or the Data Privacy Act of 2012 (DPA), enforces data privacy protection in the Philippines to ensure transparency, legitimate purpose, and proportionality in data collection and processing.
This law serves the following purposes:

It protects the privacy of individuals while making sure of free flow of information to promote innovation and growth;
It regulates the collection, recording, organization, storage, updating or modification, retrieval, consultation, use, consolidation, blocking, erasure or destruction of personal data;
It makes sure that the Philippines is compliant with international standards set for data protection through the National Privacy Commission (NPC).

The Department fully supports the DPA and shall endeavor to comply with all issuances from the National Privacy Commission (NPC), guided by the principles of conscientious use and proactive protection of personal data and information.
The Department acknowledges the important role of data and information in achieving its goal of bringing “Prosperity for All.” Specifically, it would balance the use of information to achieve the following goals while protecting the data privacy rights of its stakeholders:

Sustain a stable and conducive business climate;
Uphold consumer rights; and
Support the growth and development of its people.

As the first step towards compliance with the provisions under the DPA, Department Order No. 17-22 was issued, designating the Director of the Knowledge Management and Information Service (KMIS) as the DTI’s Data Protection Officer (DPO).
In preparation for the drafting of a privacy manual, it shall conduct a series of Privacy Impact Assessment Workshops throughout the Department.
For further information regarding data privacy in DTI, please contact the designated DPO through the following office: 
Director, Knowledge Management and Information Service
5/F Trade and Industry Building
361 Gil Puyat Ave., Makati City
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 

