
Dress Up Games Privacy and Terms of Use
Privacy policy
This document was last updated on July 20th 2011.
1. Acknowledgement and acceptance of terms
Dress Up Games is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement explains what information we collect when you interact with our website. By accessing Dress Up Games, you acknowledge and fully understand Dress Up Games' Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
2. Third Party Policies
Websites visited from this website may or may not have their own privacy statements and Dress Up Games is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites.
3. Use of collected information
Dress Up Games collects certain information from and about its users in two ways: directly from web server logs and through our contact forms (e-mail)
a. Web Server Logs.
We may track information about visits to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:

Your Internet protocol address.
The kind of browser or computer you use.
Number of links you click within the site.
State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Referring website.
Pages you viewed on the site.

b. Information from e-mail forms
Dress Up Games makes use of an e-mail form, that when filled out and submitted gathers general information about the site's visitors, such as their e-mail address (optional), IP numbers, operating system and browser version.
The information gathered from server logs and submit forms is only of general use and reference to helps us understand the number of visitors the site receives and how can serve them best.
4. Third-party advertising companies
To pay for our services we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org.
5. Contacting Dress Up Games
If you have questions regarding the privacy statement or anything else, please contact [email protected]
Terms of Use
This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on July 20th 2011.
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the Dress Up Games web site. By using the www.dressupgames.com website you (\"user\") agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. Dress Up Games reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice.
1. Description of Service
Dress up Games provides users with free access to our own dress-up and related games, as well as other similar games, hosted on dressupgames.com.
2. Disclaimer.
The site is provided by Dress Up Games on an \"as is\" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Dress Up Games makes no warranties of any kind regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Dress Up Games shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website.
3. Limitation of Liability
Dress Up Games shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular Dress Up Games shall not be liable for any damages arising out of or related to this web site or the information contained in it.
4. Indemnification
Users agrees to indemnify and hold Dress Up Games and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of use of Dress Up Games.
5. Modifications and Interruption to Service
Dress Up Games reserves the right to modify or discontinue the service with or without notice to the user. Dress Up Games shall not be liable to user or any third party should Dress Up Games exercise its right to modify or discontinue the service. User acknowledges and accepts that Dress Up Games does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
6. Third-Party Sites
Dress Up Games may at times include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that Dress Up Games is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site.
7. Copyright and Trademark Information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof, and excluding links to third party web sites, is © www.dressupgames.com, will all rights reserved, or is the property of Dress Up Games and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights. Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Dress Up Games is strictly prohibited. Users agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Dress Up Games.
8. Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, www.dressupgames.com designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement. By Email: [email protected]
Now that the legal stuff is out of the way, welcome to Dress Up Games and thank you for visiting! Welcome to Dress Up Games

