Copyright

 The website www.prague.eu is owned and operated by Prague City Tourism, příspěvková organizace hlavního města Prahy having  it´s registered office at Arbesovo náměstí 70/4, Praha 5 - Smíchov, PSČ  150 00, Corporate ID 064491, Tax ID CZ00064491 which is authorised to  exercise the ownership rights to the aforementioned website in  accordance with the Copyright Act, No 121/2000 Coll. (hereinafter the  “Operator”).


 The Operator is the owner of any copyright in the material posted by  the Operator on the website www.prague.eu, including any text,  page design, technical drawings, graphics, pictures or images posted on  the website, as well as any  copyright in the selection and method of arranging the files contained  on this website.


 The rights and obligations of the Operator and the Users regarding  the use of this website shall be governed by these Terms of Use, which  shall apply to everyone who visits this website (hereinafter the  “User”). By entering  any Web page of the Operator or by using in any way any piece of  information posted on any Web page of the Operator a User will be deemed  to have accepted these Terms of Use.


 The publication of any data or information on the website  www.prague.eu, with the exception of this document, will not be  considered as an act in law, unless expressly agreed otherwise.

Privacy policy
Collection and Use of Information

 The Operator may require that access to the website  www.prague.eu  will be subject to the disclosure of selected  personal information by the User in accordance with the Personal Data  Protection Act, No 101/2000 Coll., or other Acts, if any,  as amended. In this case the Operator will use this information in  compliance with the statutory provisions.

Personal Data Transfer

 The Operator works with companies which provide the Operator with  a variety of services. These companies, if they are authorised to do so,  may use the User's personal data on condition that they use such  information only to carry out their  duties and may not use it for any other purposes. The Operator does not  sell, transfer or communicate personal information to third parties.


 Nevertheless, the Operator reserves the right to use or transfer any  information as may be necessary to comply with statutory provisions,  ensure protection of network integrity, meet the User's requirements, or  comply with disclosure  requirements for information that must be disclosed in the case of  judicial investigation or investigation in the public interest.


 If the User wishes to correct his personal data maintained by the Operator, he may send his request in writing to privacypolicy@fg.cz or to the postal  address mentioned on the site Copyright.

Codes of third parties

 We use third-party web beacons from Google to analyze the visitors behavior on this site.

Google Analytics

 This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided  by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are  text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how  users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your  use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to  and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use  this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website,  compiling reports on website activity for website operators and  providing other services relating to website activity and internet  usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where  required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the  information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP  address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of  cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however  please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full  functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to  the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the  purposes set out above.


 Detailed information about Google Analytics and privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/privacy-policy.html.


 To prevent tracking, you can install add-in to your web browser (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

Cookies

 Cookies are information files that are transferred from a website to  the hard drive of the User's computer. Cookies enable the website to  remember relevant information that will make the use of the site more  convenient for the User.


 Like most websites, the Operator's website uses cookies for  a variety of purposes. For example, the Operator tracks the total number  of visitors to this website on an anonymous aggregate basis.


 A User should use the options in his Web browser, if the User does  not wish to receive a cookie or if the User wishes to set his browser to  notify him when he receives a cookie. If the User disables all cookies,  he may not be able to take  advantage of all the features of this website.

Links to Other Sites

 The website www.praguewelcome.cz may offer links to sites that are  not under the Operator's control. If the User visits any of these linked  sites, he should review their privacy policy. The Operator is not  responsible for the policies and  practices of other companies.

Changes to Privacy Policy

 The Operator reserves the right to amend, from time to time, its  privacy policy, by republishing the amended privacy policy on this  website.

Obligations of Users

 When using this website, the User must not interfere with the site's  security, use the site for the transfer of damaging files or attempt to  enter non-public sections of this site. The User is further required to  observe the Operator's  copyrights in this website.

Limitation of Liability and Jurisdiction

 The User is fully liable for any risk for his use of this website  and the Operator does not assume any responsibility for and is not  liable for any such risk. Any dispute arising in connection with the use  of this website shall be settled  before a court with appropriate local jurisdiction in the Czech  Republic and in accordance with Czech law.


 Should any provision of these Terms of Use be held invalid or  unenforceable for any reason, the invalid or unenforceable provision  shall be severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect  the validity or enforceability thereof.

Declaration of Accessibility

 The operator of this website declares that this website aims to  provide maximum accessibility of all its content and functions for all  internet users.


 The content of the website conforms to HTML5 Transitional, the visual aspect of the presentation has been created using CSS 3.


 While working on this website, its authors followed methodological  instructions to regulation no. 64/2008 Coll. issued by The Ministry of  the Interior of the Czech Republic and the main standards WCAG 2.0 (Web  Content Accessibility  Guidelines 2.0, of 11. 12. 2008) were observed, with emphasis on  meeting the rules Level A, and to methodology instructions of project  “Blind Friendly Web 2.3” of the United Organization of Blind and  Purblind of the Czech Republic  (dated 31. 3. 2005).

Recommended browser additions

 In the PDF format, we provide some documents and additional  information of great volume and these are suitable for downloading. In  order to view these documents it is suitable to have Adobe Reader  installed – it is available for free  download on the web of Adobe Systems, Inc.


 Part of the documents are posted in some of the formats of Microsoft Office applications. For all these formats, there is a  viewer   available on the web of Microsoft Corporation, you can download it for  free and install it on your computer; or you can download the free  office pack, Open Office.

Website Author Information

 This website has been created and is maintained by the FG Forrest, a.s. (www.fg.cz). This website is based on  Edee CMS. Should you have any questions or find technical problems, please contact the authors of this website by e-mail at  info@fg.cz.

Widgets
Search Hotels

Check-in date


Check-out date


     NoSpecificDate 
 
