
Privacy & Cookie Policy
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small files which are stored on your computer. They are designed to hold a modest amount of data specific to your website visit on our site.
Cookies help to improve your visit to our website by helping with the following:
Remembering settings, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page
Remembering information you’ve given (e.g. your postcode) so you don’t need to keep entering it
Measuring how you use the website so we can make sure it meets your needs
Please note that cookies can't harm your computer and we do not store personally identifiable information in cookies we use on this website.
We're giving you this information as part of our initiative to comply with UK legislation, and to make sure we're honest and clear about your privacy when using our website.
Please be assured that we're working on a number of other privacy and cookie-related improvements to the website.
The Cookies We Use:
General Website Cookies
This website is built using Magento web technologies, as part of that we use the built in session cookie (frontend) to manage your session. When you navigate to the site, the server establishes a unique session that last for the duration of your visit.
 
Measuring Website Usage – Google Analytics
Google Analytics uses cookies to define user sessions, as well as to provide a number of key features in the Google Analytics reports. Google Analytics sets or updates cookies only to collect data required for the reports. Additionally, Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies. This means that all cookies set by Google Analytics for your domain send data only to the servers for your domain. This effectively makes Google Analytics cookies the personal property of this website domain, and the data cannot be altered or retrieved by any service on another domain.
For further information about the Cookies Google uses please visit this Cookie Information page.
Other 3rd Party Cookies We May Use
When you visit our website, you may notice some cookies that are collecting information for other websites. For example, if you visit a page that has video content, cookies from YouTube, Vimeo or other services may be served. We do not control the setting of these cookies and we recommend you visit the third party websites for more information.
How Do I Control or Delete Cookies?
If cookies are not enabled on your computer is will mean that your experience with our website will be impacted. However, if you want to control or delete cookies you can do so.
Information on deleting cookies or controlling cookies is available at www.aboutCookies.org. To reiterate though, by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you will not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
Privacy Policy:
Note: 'Us' refers to Clonezone 'You', 'User(s)', 'Visitor' refers to any person who uses this website.
This Web site is owned and controlled by Libertybelle UK T/A Clonezone .
Libertybelle UK T/A Clonezone  is committed to implementing measures designed to protect the privacy of those using our services. Libertybelle UK T/A Clonezone  respects the privacy of all those who visit our Site and use our online services and we collect information from and about our users to be used to improve the service we offer. Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy, our Terms & Conditions, and other published guidelines, we do not release personally identifiable information (as described below) about users of this Site without their permission.
Effect of This and Related Documents: This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms & Conditions and other published guidelines, governs your interaction with this Site, and your registration for and use of Clonezone online services.
Opt-Out Option:
If you would like to have your personally-identifiable information removed from Clonezone databases please contact us and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. However, there will be residual information that will remain within Clonezone databases, access logs, and other historical internal records, which may or may not contain such personally-identifiable information.
The Information We May Gather
Non-personally-identifiable information:
As a standard practice, Clonezone assigns a random number to each user for anonymously tracking content preferences and traffic patterns. This random number lets us keep track of "how many" times users are doing specific things - like visiting our site each month - without really knowing who those users are (unless they specifically tell us). We analyse this data for trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. We also gather information about what users are searching for. We use all this information in order to improve our content, plan site enhancements, and measure overall site effectiveness.
Personally identifiable information:
General: In certain areas of this Site, we require that you provide us with personally-identifiable information, in order to be able to use that portion or those portions of this Site.
If you submit a request for more information from us, the information you submit will only be used by Clonezone. Our lists are private and are never sold to any third parties.
If you have any queries about this policy please feel free to contact us.