Privacy PolicyRoss's is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This policy outlines the manner in which we collect information from you, why we do so, and how we use it.
Our privacy commitment is in accordance with the requirements of the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1998 and the National Privacy Principles it contains.
This privacy policy is incorporated into the Ross's Online User Agreement and by using the Ross's Online website ("Site"), registering as a Ross's member, bidding on or purchasing items; you consent to the collection and use of personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy may be amended or updated from time to time. As any amendments or updates will take effect immediately, you should review this policy from time to time for any changes.
Information Collection and Use
Ross's requires certain information from you and about you to effectively run our day to day operations and provide you with a greater level of service, including processing bids and purchases, processing payments, processing returns (if available), advising you of the status of bids, otherwise communicating with you, and complying with the law.
Before bidding on or purchasing any item on the Ross's Online website, you must be registered as a Ross's member. The registration form may request certain information from you including, and not limited to, name and contact information, billing information, credit card details, demographic information, and your preferences for particular types of auctions or goods.
Information about your use of the Site and Ross's Online service will also be collected if you are a buyer or winning bidder, including the relevant item, price, time, quantity, and payment details.
Any correspondence between you and Ross's will generally be retained and associated with your Ross's membership.
Ross's may collect additional information about your manner of access and use of the Site and Ross's Online service including, and not limited to, your IP address, your service provider, the content you view, time spent on the Site, cookies, browser type, other websites accessed immediately prior to or after your access to the Site, and links on the Site activated by you.
By monitoring your use of the Site, your bidding history, your purchase history and other information, including your demographic data and purchasing preferences, we endeavour to tailor your use and experience of the Site according to your prior use and preferences, and we may be able to more effectively provide you with relevant information in relation to specific items, upcoming auctions, offers, or to request feedback from you.
We may use the information collected, particularly your IP address, to determine the point of computer access, your identity, validation of bids and purchases, and following up payment progress. The use of personal information in this manner may assist Ross's in attempting to minimise identity and security misuse or fraud.
Ross's will seek your consent before obtaining any non-publicly available information relating to you from a third party source.
We will use our best and reasonable endeavours to ensure that you do not receive unsolicited mail inconsistent with your specified preferences. You can change your specified preferences and opt out of receiving certain communications or promotional materials from us by updating your details and preferences in your Ross's Online membership. In the event you still receive correspondence or promotional offers from us that you consider to be inconsistent with you indicated preferences then please contact us and we will immediately investigate your concerns.
Links to other websites on the Site are not necessarily operated by Ross's and therefore they may have a different User Agreement and Privacy Policy in effect, which you should familiarise yourself with.
Security of Information
Where reasonably possible, all our online communications with you and all online transmissions of personal information will be secured in an encrypted form. Ross's will take reasonable steps to ensure the security of your communications with us and transmission of personal information, however, we are unable to warrant or guarantee the absolute security of all information you transmit to us or we transmit to you; and you communicate with us and access the Site on this basis at your own risk.
You must keep your user name, password and log in details confidential at all times and they should not be revealed to anyone else or written down so that they may potentially be accessed by another person.
Where reasonably possible, Ross's will store any personal information held about you in a standalone environment that is not connected to or accessible from the internet.
Disclosure of Personal Information
When bidding on an item, one or more identifiers such your user name, initials or postcode, may be displayed on the Site and be viewable by other Site users. This helps assist bidders in tracking their bids.
If required or authorised under applicable laws, your personal information may be disclosed to any service provider that we use in the course of carrying on our day to day business; any vendor of the relevant goods; a third party for the purpose of processing, receiving or enforcing payment; or to a third party for the purpose of facilitating delivery to you.
Updating and Correcting Your Personal Information
Ross's will use its best endeavours to ensure that information collected about you is accurate, complete and up to date. So that we can keep our records up to date, we request that you review your user information every time you log on or use the Site and that you make the necessary changes to this information immediately.
If you believe that Ross's is holding incorrect information about you then you should contact us and we will make reasonable attempts to verify the accuracy of our information, and where relevant update or correct the information we hold about you.
If you believe that Ross's has not dealt with your personal information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Act 1988 then you should contact us to address your concerns and to discuss how we may better deal with your personal information.
If you wish to access the personal information that we hold about you then you should make a request to us in writing. We will reasonably try and comply with your request, however, your request may be declined for certain reasons and if this is the case then we will provide you with reasons for that denial.
Contact Us
To provide feedback to us, correct or update any information we may be holding about you, request access to information we are holding about you, believe that Ross's has not dealt properly or reasonably with the privacy of your information, or require further information, then please contact us.
