
Privacy Policy
December 14, 2015
At AMI, your privacy is important to us. We comply with the Privacy Act 1993 and take all reasonable steps to ensure that your private information is protected. We have provided more details here about the personal information we collect and how we use that information.
                        

Personal information
We, AMI (being AMI Insurance Limited a business division of IAG New Zealand Limited, its successors and assigns), collect personal information that you give to us, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone numbers and other specific information that you knowingly provide.
We may also collect personal information about you:

from third parties where you authorise this or you agree to it as part of the applicable terms and conditions of insurance provided to you; and
from Southern Response (being Southern Response Earthquake Services Limited, formerly AMI Insurance Limited).

We only use your personal information for insurance purposes
We will only use your personal information for insurance purposes and to provide you with the best customer care we can. This includes verifying your identity, offering you a quote, providing insurance to you, administering your policies, managing claims, training, recording assent to agreement and any other purpose which is stated to you at the time of collection or any purpose that you otherwise authorise.
Failure by you to provide accurate and complete information may result in your application for insurance being declined, your claim being reduced or declined, or we may void your policy from the outset. If anything changes, you must tell us.
Where you provide us with personal information about any other person to enable us to underwrite and administer your insurance, you confirm that you have the authority from those people to disclose such information and to authorise AMI to use and disclose the information in the administration of your policy and all other policies with AMI, other members of its corporate group and Southern Response on which the person is named or listed.
Personal information collected by AMI may also be used to advise you of other products and services of AMI and the IAG New Zealand Limited corporate group, or where we think you would appreciate receiving information from us. If you provide us with electronic contact details, you agree that we may send you commercial electronic messages (e.g. texts, emails and faxes) for any of the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
We may record and retain phone calls. This is for quality assurance and training purposes, to ensure that the information we provide our customers is consistent and accurate and to provide an accurate record of your call.
We do not distribute your personal information to third parties other than:

to other members of the IAG New Zealand Limited corporate group;
to Southern Response for the purposes of Southern Response evaluating, processing, managing and settling any claims, and any matters that are necessary for, or incidental to, such purposes and other insurance purposes, in accordance with Southern Response’s privacy policy;
to assist us with our market research;
to assist us with providing our services to you; or
as otherwise authorised by you or permitted by the Privacy Act 1993.

Quality control data
We use a web analytics service for quality control and to improve the customer experience on our website. We may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website but we don’t collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. You may opt out of this service.
For more information on the web analytics tool we use and the permissions available to you, please refer to the links below:

for information collected by the ClickTale web analytics service
Disabling ClickTale on your computer 

Log files and other analytics data
We also use other analytics software to measure general patterns in website usage. This software measures data about how you use the website such as date and time of visits, pages viewed, your IP address and technical details about the browser you are using. This is anonymous statistical data and we make no attempt to associate individual users from this data. 
Cookies 
When you visit ami.co.nz we send one or more cookies, small files containing strings of characters, to your computer or browsing device that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to support certain website features such as quote requests and to track visitor trends.
We use cookies on ami.co.nz to help us remember the information you enter, by passing a unique identification between your computer and the AMI website that identifies you. This means that as you use the website we can relay any information you have entered earlier back to you at a later time. For example, if you complete a quote request for more than one insurance product, we can show you the information you have given us during the first quote request when completing subsequent requests. This eliminates the need to re-enter the information. Other cookies may be used to help us tailor our online ads or to deliver an advertisement to you that may be more relevant or interesting to you. You can disable cookies in your web browser but if you do so, some features on this website may not work properly.
Accessing your information
Any personal information that you provide to AMI will be collected and held by AMI Insurance Limited and the IAG New Zealand Limited Group (with a head office at 1 Fanshawe Street, Auckland).
You have the right to request access to information held by AMI about you and you may ask for it to be corrected in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993.
We also welcome your questions and comments.
Contact our Privacy Officer by mail
The Privacy Officer
                        AMI
                        Private Bag 92130
                        Victoria Street West
                        Auckland 1142
                    

