
Privacy Policy
14 April, 2016
The protection of your privacy is important to us, and we are committed to acting in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993.
                    
AMI is a business division of IAG New Zealand Limited (IAG), 1 Fanshawe Street, Auckland 1010. AMI collects, holds and uses your personal information for insurance-related and marketing purposes.
The intended recipient of your information is AMI. We may also give your information to and obtain it from others, including other business divisions of IAG (although we’re not obliged to), our suppliers, your financiers, and the insurance industry, including the Insurance Claims Register Limited where records of claims are kept. Information from you or about you may be stored physically or electronically, including offshore facilities, by IAG, any other IAG company or any supplier (with whom we have a contractual arrangement). We may also give your information to and obtain it from Southern Response (being Southern Response Earthquake Services Limited, formerly AMI Insurance Limited) for the purposes of Southern Response evaluating, processing, managing and settling any claims, and any matters that are necessary for, or incidental to, such purposes and other insurance purposes, in accordance with Southern Response’s privacy policy. We will take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information from unauthorised access or disclosure.
Failure by you to provide accurate and complete information may result in your application for insurance being declined, your claim being reduced or declined, or we may void your policy from the outset. If anything changes, you must also tell us.
You may request access to, or correction of, the information we hold about you by writing to us or telephoning us on 0800 100 200.
You agree that AMI is authorised to collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. Where you provide AMI with personal information about any other person for insurance-related purposes, you confirm that you have the authority of those persons to disclose such information and to authorise AMI to collect, hold, use and disclose the information for insurance-related and marketing purposes in accordance with this privacy policy.
As part of our commitment to providing the best possible service to our customers, AMI may record telephone calls for quality assurance and training purposes.
If you have any concerns or queries in relation to our privacy policy please contact:
                        The Privacy Officer
                        AMI
                        Private Bag 92130
                        Victoria Street West
                        Auckland 1142
                    
If you do not wish to receive marketing information from AMI, please call 0800 100 200 or contact us online and one of our team will arrange this for you.
Privacy policy changes at AMI
Why has AMI changed their Privacy Policy?AMI is now part of the IAG New Zealand Limited Group and this change is part of ensuring that IAG’s approach to the privacy of customer information is consistent across all brands.
What has changed?With the ways in which we interact with customers changing (online, email, social media), it is important that we’re able to interact with our customers via these channels and that our privacy policy keeps up with these changes. The previous AMI privacy policy did not allow for the use of customer information for specific direct marketing purposes.
An important part of this is being able to tell customers of the offers we have and the ways in which our products could help to keep their world a safer place.  Don’t worry, we won’t be sending customers more emails or spam; the change merely helps us better serve and work with our customers.
In addition this change allows for AMI claims information to be submitted to and received from the Insurance Claims Register and that the exchange of information is retained between AMI and Southern Response.
What is the Insurance Claims Register (ICR)?Insurance fraud has a negative effect for all our customers, ultimately raising customer premiums across the board. The Insurance Claims Register (ICR) is a register maintained by our insurance industry body, the Insurance Council of New Zealand (ICNZ). The ICR is an electronic register that holds a central record of all claims lodged with participating insurance companies. The ICR prevents and detects insurance fraud, particularly purposeful non-disclosure, and double dipping at claim time.
The changes to the AMI policy allow us to submit and receive information from the ICR. This is part of AMI’s effort to eliminate the cost of insurance fraud to honest policy holders. Customers are entitled under the Privacy Act 1993 to know if any information is kept on them on the ICR and they can make a request to see that information by completing the form at http://www.icnz.org.nz/for-consumers/insurance-fraud/insurance-claims-register and submitting it to their insurer.
What does it mean for you, the customer?The change allows AMI to use your customer information for marketing purposes, to ensure you are kept up to date with offers, new products and competitions.
Information about your claim can now be submitted to and received from the ICR.  This aids the ICR  in reducing the cost of insurance fraud for honest policy holders.
How do I stop getting marketing emails?If you don’t agree with the changes you can opt out of receiving marketing from AMI.  Simply call 0800 100 200 and one of our team members will help you.

