Main Content Anchor
Privacy Statement
Recording Your Visit
When you look at this web site, we make a record of your visit and log the following information for statistical purposes:

Your server address.
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc).
The date and time of your visit to the site.
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded.
The previous site you visited.
The type of browser you used.

No attempt will be made to identify individual users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the logs.
Some sites use "cookies" to track a particular user's access to a site. Cookies are not used on this site to gather personal information about users except when they are used within a specific web-based application for session management purposes.
Recording Your Email Address
We will only record your email address if you send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it, without your consent.
Collecting Personal Information
From time to time we will use electronic forms on this site to gather personal information for purposes directly related to a function or activity of the Council. 
Personal information collected from you is held and used by Council under the provisions of the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 subject to the Government Information (Public Access) Act 2009.
Under the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act you have the right to be informed:

when personal information is being collected
the name and address of the agency holding the information
the purposes for which it will be used
who Council may disclose personal information to
whether provision of personal information by you is mandatory or voluntary and the effects of not providing it; and
that you have a right under the Act to apply to access your information or have it corrected.

Council functions are set out in the Local Government Act and other legislation and personal information is collected in order to enable the Council to perform these functions. Council records may also be made available for law enforcement and investigative functions of other public sector agencies. Most Council records are available for public inspection and copying when the information is being accessed for the purpose for which it exists.
You may take the following steps if you are concerned about the possible disclosure of your personal information:

inform the Council that the information your are providing is confidential and that it is not in the public interest for members of the public to be able to inspect it
apply to have your address suppressed form records which are made available for public inspection if there is a risk to your safety or the safety of a member of your family
apply to have personal information on any public register suppressed if these is a risk to the safety or well-being of any person.

We will not collect or solicit personal information via this site which would be unlawful, unnecessary or unrelated to the functions or activities of the Council, or unfair or unreasonably intrusive.
Because there are risks associated with using the Internet as a transmission medium, when we use electronic forms to collect information we will also provide you with other options for providing the information - for example, a paper form and mailing address and a telephone contact.
For more information about your privacy rights contact, Council's Public Officer - Paul Kapetas on 9952 8222 or the Information and Privacy Commission NSW on 1800 472 679.
Publishing Personal Information
Council will endeavour to only publish personal information on this site if it has been collected for this purpose with your knowledge or if you have consented to the disclosure. When giving such consent you should be aware that information published on this site is accessible to millions of users from all over the world, that it will be indexed by search engines and that it may be copied and used by any web user. 

This means that, once the information is published on this site, we will have no control over its subsequent use and disclosure.
External software providers to conduct Council business
Council often uses software providers to conduct Council business with our customers.
In using these approved providers you acknowledge that Council will receive personal information to enable us to complete your business with Council. Provision of such personal information is voluntary and failure to provide such information may impact your ability to use the Council's online services.
The Council undertakes to take all reasonable steps to protect and secure your personal information and will not collect or solicit personal information which would be unlawful, unnecessary or unrelated to this activity, or is unfair or unreasonably intrusive. The Council maintains that you have a right of access to, and correction of, the personal information provided.
We advise you to consider the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy of these providers prior to providing information.
Below is a list of providers approved for use by Council:


Online Event Booking system Eventbrite Inc. www.eventbrite.com.au


Event Management system Marcarto marcatofestival.com


Email Distribution Campaign Monitor www.campaignmonitor.com/a/


Email Distribution of Rates Notices service Forms Express billing.formsexpress.com.au/


Library Management System (LMS) Spydus by Civica https://www.civica.com/en-AU/container---product-pages/spydus-library-management/
 
 
 


 
