
This site is presented in good faith as a resource intended to be helpful to its users. However, for prudential reasons it is necessary to insist that all usage of the site is governed by the following terms, conditions and disclaimers. Neither Musgrave Retail Partners, nor any associated companies, nor any providers of content to this web site make any warranties, express or implied, as to benefits or other results of using this site. Furthermore, the foregoing parties make no warranties of any kind in relation to any use whatever to which the information or content provided may be put. The owners and promoters of this site will attempt to provide accurate information but give no guarantees and accept no liability for the accuracy of information provided, nor for the the contents of any advertisements, nor for any claims or assertions or omissions in advertisements or any other content on this site. This site may provide hyperlinks to other sites for informational purposes only and accepts no responsibility for any content on such sites nor for the consequences of any actions taken by any person or persons pursuant to usage of any such hyperlinks. Neither Musgrave Retail Partners, nor any parties providing information or other content on this site will be liable for any third-party claims or losses of any nature arising out of use of this site. You accept that in proceeding to use this site, you have read and you accept the above terms, conditions and disclaimers. You further accept that any and all consequences of your use of this site are your own responsibility and that you will not seek to take action of any nature against this site or any persons associated with it. These terms, conditions and disclaimers are subject to change from time to time. In using this site you agree to be bound by any such change that may be in force.    Competitions  The promoter is Musgrave Retail Partners, Ireland, Tramore Road, Cork. The promotion is not open to employees of Musgrave Retail Partners Ireland, its participating retailers, agencies or their immediate families. The closing date for receipt of entries is outlined on each competition page The winning entry will be selected and the winner will be notified no later than 28 days after the competition's closing date. Full details of the prize will be forwarded to the winner once notified and the winner's name will be displayed on the relevant competition page. The prize is non-transferable and no cash alternatives will be offered in lieu. The promoter does not accept any responsibility for lost, misplaced or damaged entries. The decision of the judge will be final and no correspondence will be entered into. Entrants must be over 18. Entry to the competition will be considered a full & unconditional acceptance of the terms and conditions of this promotion. Only one entry per person.  Disclaimer: From time to time we would like to contact you with offers and information about products and services available to you and your household from SuperValu or your local store by postal mail, by text or by email. In addition we may contact you by postal mail in relation to products and services provided by our partners that may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive such offers and information please tick the appropriate box on the competition form. If you are happy to also receive offers and information directly from our competition partners by text or email please tick the appropriate box on the competition form.   Unsubscribing To unsubscribe from SuperValu emails and text messages, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the end of every email and text message. To unsubscribe from SuperValu emails, click the "To Unsubscribe click here" link at the bottom of any email. To unsubscribe from text messaging from SuperValu, text the word REMOVE to 50015 (Do not reply to the text message). Alternatively, you can change your privacy options in your account details.   Resubscribing To resubscribe to SuperValu emails and text messages simply log into your account here and check the boxes for receiving email and text messages. Double check your email address and mobile phone number are correct and update your details by clicking the Update Account button at the bottom of the page. It will take up to 4 days to begin receiving email or text messages from SuperValu again.    Bonus Rewards Terms & Conditions Superscan  

