MUSGRAVE GROUP TERMS OF USE OF WEBSITES AND PRIVACY POLICY 1          GENERAL TERMS FOR USE OF SITES 1.1            WHO ARE WE? Musgrave Limited trading as Musgrave Retail Partners Ireland Limited of Ballycurreen, Airport Road, Cork and/or Musgrave SuperValu Centra NI Ltd trading as Musgrave Northern Ireland of Belfast Harbour Estate,1-19 Dargan Drive, Belfast BT3 9JG (“Musgrave”, “we”, “our”, “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.   This policy (the “Policy”), details our views and practices regarding your use of the Sites and the Services and the personal data we collect about you including personal data and how we will handle Your Information and other terms relating to your use of the Sites (defined below).   1.2            SCOPE OF THIS POLICY This Policy (together with the Terms and Conditions for particular applications or services and any additional terms of use as may be applicable from time to time) applies to your use of Musgrave Web sites and any other provision of information to us by You including (but not limited to) the following Web sites: SuperValu.ie; centra.ie, musgrave.ie, musgravegroup.com, maceni.co.uk, daybreakireland.ie, frankandhonest.ie, chipmongers.com and any other Web sites to which these terms are extended (“Sites”) or services which are supplied to you through your use of the Sites or associated mobile applications (“Services”).   Unless otherwise noted, the Sites, and all features and materials on the Sites, including text, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips and other content, and the copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property in such materials (collectively, the "Contents"), are owned, controlled or licensed by us or our suppliers.  The Sites and the Contents are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Sites for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded Content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way any of the Contents or the Sites.   YOUR USE OF THE SITES CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE OF THE SITES INCLUDING THIS POLICY. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO UPDATE OR MODIFY THESE TERMS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE. FOR THIS REASON, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO REVIEW THE AGREEMENT WHENEVER YOU USE ANY OF THE SITES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES.  WE MAY ALSO IMPOSE LIMITS ON CERTAIN FEATURES AND SERVICES OR RESTRICT YOUR ACCESS TO PARTS OR ALL OF THE SITES WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY   You shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the Sites, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, software, and long distance or local telephone service. Any of the Sites may contain additional terms (for example conduct guidelines) that further govern the use of that Site, including without limitation particular features or offers (for example competitions). If any Terms and Conditions contained in this agreement conflict with any Terms and Conditions contained within a particular Site, then the Terms and Conditions in this agreement shall prevail.  Occasionally there may be information on our Sites that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the Sites is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).   2          PRIVACY POLICY 2.1            DATA CONTROLLER For the purpose of data protection legislation, the data controller of Your Information where you have provided information to any of the Sites is Musgrave Limited trading as Musgrave Retail Partners Ireland and/or Musgrave Wholesale Partners of Ballycurreen, Airport Road, Cork in the Republic of Ireland and Musgrave SuperValu Centra NI Ltd trading as Musgrave Northern Ireland and/or Musgrave Distribution Ltd trading as Musgrave Marketplace and/or Musgrave Foodservices of Belfast Harbour Estate,1-19 Dargan Drive, Belfast BT3 9JG in Northern Ireland.  In addition, where you provided information to a local store owner, the owner of the local SuperValu or Centra store to which you supplied that information is also a data controller of Your Information.     Our data protection officer may be contacted by emailing dpo@musgrave.ie   2.2            INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU We may collect and process the following data about you: Information you give us: You may give us Your Information by filling in forms in connection with the Sites or using the Services or by corresponding with us (for example, by email). This includes but is not limited to information you provide when you download or register for the Sites or the Services, subscribe to any of our Services, search for any our apps, Sites or Services as well as sharing data via the Services’ social media functions, entering a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our Services or Sites. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. The information you give us may include but is not limited to:  Your name, age and address; Email address and phone number; Device’s phone number, username, password; Other registration information; Financial and credit card information; and  Location information.  Information we collect about you and your device: Each time you use the Sites or our Services we may automatically collect the following information:  Technical information, including but not limited to the type of mobile device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your Device’s IMEI number, the MAC address of the Device’s wireless network interface, or the mobile phone number used by the Device), mobile network information, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile browser you use, or time zone settings; Details of your use of any of our Services or Sites including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access. By logging in and placing your order, we will store your mobile number for the purposes of confirming your order and maintaining access to our service. We may also use GPS technology or other similar positioning technology to determine your current location. Some of our location-enabled Services require your personal data for the feature to work. You can withdraw your consent at any time by turning off locations services for the app in the settings of your Device. We also use cookies on the Sites and a copy of our Cookie Policy can be found at https://supervalu.ie/cookies  Information we receive from other sources (Third Party Information): We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them. Unique application numbers. When you install or uninstall a Service containing a unique application number or when such a Service searches for automatic updates, that number and information about your installation, for example, the type of operating system, may be sent to us.   2.3            OUR USE OF INFORMATION RELATING TO YOU We use information we collect about you with your consent only. You can withdraw your consent at any time to our use of your information by emailing onlinehelp@supervalu.ie or by managing your user preferences which can be found at the following link: https://shop.supervalu.ie/shopping/myaccount or  https://supervalu.ie/account.  Please also see below “Your Rights” for more information in which you may take control of your information. We use information relating to you in order to provide you with the Services and to make the Sites available to you and in order develop our relationship with you and/or to develop and personalise the Services so that we understand how you are using the Services and the Sites and to enable us to communicate with you more effectively, through the Sites, by e-mail or text or other electronic address provided by you, by mobile Apps, or by other third party sites including social media channels, our use of this information is for the following purposes:  process your registration application and any renewals or amendments to terms; create and maintain accounts; calculate and charge for our services, as appropriate; provide customer care services; supply any products and services; carry out analysis of Your Information, in order develop our relationship with you and/or to develop and personalise the Services; keep you informed about new services, developments, special offers, and any discounts or awards which we believe may be of personal interest to you, or which you may be entitled to; inform you of our sponsored events; inform you of our promotions; carry out market research; prevent, detect and investigate fraud, or any other criminal activity; investigate improper use of the Services; carry out activities necessary to the running of our business, including system testing, network monitoring, staff training, quality control and any legal proceedings; carry out any activities or disclosures to comply with any regulatory, government or legal obligations or in making the disclosures set out in section 2.4 below; and achieve any other lawful purpose, including the sharing with third parties where you have given any consent required by law to such use.    2.4            DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION From time to time, we may share information relating to you with third parties in order to provide the Services.  This may include the disclosure of information to any company in the Musgrave group and third parties in the following manner:  We may share information relating to You with third parties engaged by us to provide or administer the Services and/or the Sites and/or the production of any promotional material which is permitted by law to be sent to You In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose this information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case information (as well as that of other customers) may be one of the transferred assets; If we are under a duty to disclose or share information relating to you in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request; We may use and share information relating to sets or groups of customers, to enhance our understanding of customer behaviour and enable us to improve our service or the Services in general. Unless you indicate otherwise, to advise you of promotions and other goods and services offered by us and/or our suppliers or programme partners or other trusted partners which may be of use or interest to you or your household; and In order to:  enforce, apply or investigate potential breaches of this Policy and/or any applicable terms relating to the Services; or protect our rights, property or safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.    We may associate any category of information with any other category of information and will treat the combined information as personal data (and/or Your Information, as appropriate) in accordance with this Policy for as long as it is combined. We may also disclose information relating to You to our advertisers in order to provide you with targeted advertisements.   2.5            INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS We may transfer and/or store information related to you to a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) from time to time. In this context, this Information may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.  Any transfer of information relating to You to a location outside the EEA is made in accordance with data protection law. Specifically, such transfers are only ever made lawfully by way of the European Commission’s Model Contractual Clauses. More information and a copy of the Model Contractual Clauses are available on the European Commission’s website.   2.6            SECURITY OF YOUR DATA We are committed to keeping information relating to you secure and we and our partners comply with data protection legislation in this respect. The servers on which this information is stored are in a physically secure facility.  Where appropriate, we collect information relating to you from our Services when the relevant browser is in ‘HTTPS’ or secure mode only. The padlock symbol should appear when you are in this mode, indicating that you are safely submitting encrypted information only. To take full advantage of all security features you should use an up-to-date browser. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share this password with anyone. As the nature of the internet is such that any input of data is at your own risk, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information relating to You transmitted to us via the internet. No data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. However, as set out above, we will take all commercially reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect information about you.   2.7            HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN INFORMATION RELATING TO YOU? We will keep information relating to you only for as long as required by our Services and in accordance with applicable law.  For example, we may have this information for the purpose of providing you with one of our apps. When you de-register from that app, we will delete Your Information to the extent possible with reference to applicable law.   2.8            YOUR RIGHTS UNDER DATA PROTECTION LAW AND HOW TO EXERCISE THEM Data protection legislation gives you the right to obtain a copy of information that identifies you from us.  Data protection legislation also give you the following rights in certain circumstances:  to correct any information relating to you which is incorrect; to delete such Information; to restrict our use of that information; to object to our use of information relating to You including when we may automatically process such information (e.g. profiling); and to request that information relating to you is transferred to another data controller.  If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us at dpo@musgrave.ie specifying the right which you wish to exercise.[1] If you wish to make a compliant about us or the Services in respect of our collection and/or use or Your Information, you can also contact the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner directly.   2.9            UNSUBSCRIBING/RESUBSCRIBING 2.9.1        To unsubscribe from our emails and /or text messages, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the end of every email and text message. To unsubscribe from SuperValu emails, click the "To Unsubscribe click here" link at the bottom of any email. To unsubscribe from text messaging from Us, text the word REMOVE to 50015 (Do not reply to the text message). Alternatively, you can change your privacy options in your account details by managing your user preferences which can be found at the following link: https://shop.supervalu.ie/shopping/myaccount 2.9.2        To resubscribe to our emails and/or text messages simply log into your account at https://shop.supervalu.ie/shopping/myaccount and check the boxes for receiving email and text messages. Double check your email address and mobile phone number are correct and update your details by clicking the Update Account button at the bottom of the page. It will take up to 4 days to begin receiving email or text messages from Us again.   3          REAL REWARDS TERMS  Collecting Real Rewards Points (Points) in Store or Online 3.1            Real Rewards Key Fobs (“Key Fobs”) are issued by Us or your local SuperValu. 3.2            To collect Points a customer must present his/her Key Fob at the checkout during a transaction. To collect Points on purchases made with SuperValu online you will be required to quote your Real Rewards number. 3.3            There must be a total spend of at least €1 in a single transaction for that transaction to qualify for the collection of Points. 3.4            At the date of this Policy the redemption value of Points is one Point equals one cent. We reserve the right to vary the redemption value at any time. 3.5            Points will not be awarded upon the purchase of the following goods: Lotto and lottery tickets, phone top-up vouchers, call cards, GAA tickets, gift vouchers, postage stamps, savings stamps, tobacco products, medicines and infant formula products. Other products and ranges may be excluded at any time and without prior notice and such changes will be at the discretion of your local SuperValu store or Musgrave or as may be required by law. 3.6            Points collected cannot be exchanged for cash and cannot be sold or in any way traded. Redeemed Points cannot be used again.  Money Back Vouchers 3.7            In order to qualify for vouchers entitling you to a reduction in your bill for products purchased from Us (Money Back Vouchers) you need to have accumulated a minimum of 250 Points in a collection period. (Musgrave reserve the right to vary the points collection period and the minimum level of points per collection period). 3.8            Money Back Vouchers will be mailed with a statement at the end of each collection period. 3.9            Money Back Vouchers expiry dates and terms and conditions can normally be found on the back of a voucher. 3.10         Insufficient Points to qualify for Money Back Vouchers/Points left over after your vouchers have been issued will be “carried over” to the next collection period. 3.11         You may nominate if you want to receive Money Back Vouchers electronically, to do this go to https://shop.supervalu.ie/shopping/myaccount. 3.12         Money Back Vouchers can only be redeemed on qualifying purchases in participating SuperValu stores in the Republic of Ireland, when shopping online with SuperValu and with Programme Partners. Key Fobs bearing the same serial number as the Money Back Voucher must be presented when redeeming. For purchases that do not qualify see the terms and conditions on the back of the Money Back Vouchers. 3.13         Money Back Vouchers may be used for full or part payment of a transaction, no change will be given. Money Back Vouchers cannot be exchanged for cash or gift cards. 3.14         Lost or stolen Money Back Vouchers can only be reissued provided they have not expired or they have not been cashed. 3.15         It is your responsibility to ensure all of your personal details are up to date and to contact the Real Rewards helpline if you have not received a Money Back Voucher mailing in 12 months. Spend & Save Vouchers 3.16         Vouchers may be issued from time to time as an additional offer where a minimum amount of spend on qualifying products must be made in a single transaction to qualify for a price reduction or other benefit. e.g. Spend €70 & get €11 off. (Spend & Save Vouchers) Collecting and Redeeming Points with Programme Partners 3.17         Points can also be collected by a customer where the customer transacts with one of Our programme partners (Programme Partners). Points are awarded when one of our Programme Partners tells us that you have undertaken a relevant transaction with them. Our Programme Partners determine the particular transactions on which Points can be earned and the number of Points to be earned per transaction. As our Programme Partners may change, an up to date list of Programme Partners is available for you to view at any time on www.SuperValu.ie.  You will have to inform the Programme Partner of the Key Fob number in order for any Points to be awarded. 3.18.        Points collected when transacting with a Programme Partner are added to your Points balance, although this will not occur immediately and it may take a few days for your balance to be updated. 3.19         During a collection period Points earned can be redeemed for products/services/discounts offered by some Programme Partners before they are converted into Money Back Vouchers. Points redeemed in this way cannot be used again and will not qualify for Money Back Vouchers. 3.20         Transactions with Programme Partners and the collection of Points via Programme Partners are subject to all applicable rules and terms and conditions of the Programme Partner (e.g. booking, cancellation, returns, warranties etc.). We are not responsible for the delivery, standard, quality or otherwise of any goods and services received or supplied by the Programme Partner. 3.21         Points cannot be redeemed until they have been credited to your Key Fob. Programme Partners will take different periods to notify us of Points to be credited. We are not responsible for a failure, delay or error by a Programme Partner notifying us of Points to be collected. Promotional Rewards 3.22         From time to time you may be able to earn tokens for promotional rewards (Tokens) such as, (but not limited to), local Christmas half price turkey and/or other types of local or national promotions (i.e. luggage, cutlery, glassware (Promotional Rewards)). 3.23         Tokens for Promotional Rewards are awarded when shopping in a participating SuperValu store when €1 is spent in a single transaction. One Token will be issued for every €1 spent. This rate may vary depending on the Promotional Reward on offer. 3.24         Tokens will only be issued for the duration of a Promotional Reward programme. Unused Tokens will expire when the Promotional Reward ends. 3.25         Enough Tokens must have been accumulated to cover the full requirements of individual Promotional Reward offers. 3.26         All Promotional Rewards are subject to availability and may be altered or withdrawn by us. Local Offers 3.27         From time to time local offers may be available to Key Fob holders from local businesses (e.g. hairdressers, dry cleaners, restaurants etc.) through your local store and any specific terms to these offers will be available from your local store. General Terms & Conditions for Real Rewards 3.28         Both your local SuperValu and Musgrave reserve the right to decline to issue or withdraw the Key Fobs/Points/Tokens at any time, or to alter, amend or terminate the Real Rewards Programme at any time without prior notice and participants in the Real Rewards Programme may be removed from the Programme at any time at the discretion of your local SuperValu or Musgrave. 3.29         All participants in the Real Rewards Programme must reside in the Republic of Ireland or Northern Ireland and must be at least 18 years old on the date of issue of their Key Fob. 3.30         The Key Fob is non-transferable. It can only be used by the original applicant or by a member of that applicant’s immediate family, provided they are over 18 years of age and reside at the same address as the applicant. 3.31         The Key Fob can be used in all SuperValu stores in the Republic of Ireland participating in the Real Rewards Programme. 3.32         The Real Rewards Programme is for consumer participation only. 3.33         The Key Fob is not a credit, payment or cheque guarantee card. 3.34         Key Fob holders are responsible for the proper use and security of the Key Fobs and the Points accumulated on them. If the Key Fob is lost or stolen you should contact the Real Rewards helpline immediately and a replacement Key Fob will be made available. It is the customer’s responsibility to make it known to the statement member providing the new Key Fob, that it is to replace a lost Key Fob, in order to allow them to transfer the balance from the lost Key Fob onto the new one. Musgrave will not be responsible or liable for any unauthorised use of Points or lost or stolen Money Back Vouchers and/or Tokens. 3.35         We may close any Real Rewards account on which no Points have been earned or redeemed for a continuous period of 12 months. A customer can close his/her account at any time by notifying us. When an account is closed the right to redeem points from that Key Fob will be lost. 3.36         The promoter of the SuperValu Real Rewards Programme is Musgrave Limited trading as Musgrave Retail Partners Ireland, Ballycurreen, Airport Road, Cork. Company Reg. No. 1776.   4          ONLINE SHOPPING TERMS  4.1            SuperValu Service: When you shop online at SuperValu you’ll enjoy the same Real Food, from the same Real People as when you call into us for your shopping. Apart from the added convenience you will find all of the same great benefits you always enjoy at SuperValu: •                Same SuperValu quality •                Same offers as in store •                Same products, including your local favourites •                Expert pickers who shop just like you do, picking only the freshest of food •                Same Real Rewards •                On-line and telephone assistance at Helpdesk or LoCall 1890 456 828 4.2            SuperValu Online: When you shop online with SuperValu you are buying goods from your local SuperValu store (the “Store”) which you nominate at registration or when you begin shopping when you register or start shopping. Your order is sent through to the Store, the goods on your order are picked at that Store and then they are delivered to your home. There must be somebody of at least 16 years of age present to accept a delivery except where an order contains any alcoholic products when there must be a person of at least 18 years of age present to accept delivery. All prices on the Site are specific to your local SuperValu and you will pay the same on-line as you would do in your local Store at the time the order is sent to you for delivery together with any applicable Service Charges. All Service Charges that apply in respect of any delivery will be made clear to you as soon as you confirm which SuperValu store you will be ordering from. These charges will be made clear again before you confirm your order and on our delivery note which accompanies the goods. 4.3            The SuperValu website and the ordering process are operated by Us to enable you to shop online in the same way as you would if you were in-store. Please be aware that while we will try to meet all orders placed through the Site, we reserve the right to refuse to accept any order at any time. 4.4            For more information on our online sales policies see our About Online Shopping page. 4.4            Quality of Products:  All of our products will be picked to have the longest available shelf life. Where you are not happy with the quality of any of your products, please talk to your delivery person or contact our helpdesk to arrange for a refund and collection of the products. Please be aware that we cannot accept returns of fresh or perishable products or on products that have been packed specifically for you (for example meat products from our butcher), but where any product is not fit for its intended use we will arrange for a refund. 4.5            Substitution Policy: On the rare occasion that we don’t have the item you have ordered we promise to substitute with the closest match available. If the substitute is less expensive you will of course only be charged for the cheaper item. If the substitute is more expensive you will have the opportunity to return the products to our delivery staff when they are delivered to you. 4.6            Customer Service: We promise to address any issue you have in relation to your use of this site for online shopping with SuperValu in a timely and courteous fashion. 4.7            Delivery Policies: If due to exceptional circumstances our delivery is going to be late getting to you, we will phone to ensure that you will be available to accept delivery or arrange an alternative delivery slot. If a customer is not present during the agreed delivery slot phone contact will be attempted to arrange an alternative delivery arrangement. 4.8            For help with SuperValu Online Shopping please call 1890 456 828 or visit our Help section.  These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights. 4.9            Registration:  In order to avail of SuperValu Online Shopping you are required to register with Musgrave. You must complete the simple registration process and all the information supplied must be complete and accurate. You must supply a valid Real Rewards number or sign-up for Real Rewards as part of the registration process. You will be asked to choose a password, and the responsibility for maintaining the privacy of this account and password is entirely yours. Furthermore, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your registration and you agree to immediately notify SuperValu Online Shopping of any unauthorised use of your registration details or breach of security.  All transactions made on the Sites are subject to the terms of this policy which will apply to all transactions using our on-line supermarket service 4.10         You may only use your own registration details, and cannot use anybody else's registration details without their prior express permission. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorised use or any other breach of security. By registering for our on-line supermarket Service, you agree and confirm that the details provided by you on registration, or at any time, are correct and complete. You must inform us of any changes to the information that you provided when registering by updating your personal details. You must give us your real name, address, phone number, email address and any other details that we may require to process your order. 4.11         Once set up, your registration will continue indefinitely, regardless of usage levels, unless terminated by you, or Musgrave. You can terminate your registration with SuperValu Online Shopping by contacting our Helpdesk. Musgrave can terminate your account registration without prior notice at the discretion of management. Your email address is essential in order for us to be able to supply you with important information such as order confirmations, and changes to the service. By registering with our grocery service, you accept that your email address may be used to supply you with such information. 4.12.        Pricing: Please note that all listed prices are guide prices only. Prices charged will be those in the store on the day the order is scheduled for delivery. These prices may be higher or lower than those advertised. Please note that all offers and promotions available in Store will also be applied and our pickers are trained to always choose the best available value for an ordered product.  Where you consider that the difference between the actual price of goods and the guide price which was set out on this Site is unacceptable, your local SuperValu will provide a full refund on return of the goods. Your driver will be happy to discuss any issues you have or you can contact our Helpdesk. Prices displayed online are store specific and do not reflect the prices across all SuperValu stores. The weight of some goods may vary marginally from that ordered and the price may change to reflect actual weight - if it weighs a little less you pay a little less and if it weighs a little more you pay a little more. 4.13         All prices charged and all prices set out on this Site are inclusive of VAT. Service charges (Delivery or Collection) where applicable will be added to the total price of all goods and are not included in individual item prices. 4.14.        Availability of Items.  Your local SuperValu is constantly working to ensure that only items available in Store are shown online, however neither your local SuperValu store nor Musgrave can guarantee availability of any item, and cannot be held liable for non-delivery of unavailable items. Your local SuperValu will when possible, substitute unavailable items with similar items or identical items in alternative quantities unless instructed otherwise. Any substituted items will be clearly marked on your delivery docket and the delivery staff will notify you of these items. You will have the opportunity to accept or refuse these substituted items and will be refunded for any items you do not accept and return to the delivery staff. Substituted items will be charged at the price of the substitute item in the Store on the day of delivery. Customer Quotas may apply on promotional lines. 4.15         We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. 4.16         Goods will not be supplied for the purposes of resale, and are only supplied for your own use as a consumer. We reserve the right to refuse orders including those that we consider are for commercial or non-domestic purposes, or subject to onward delivery by a 3rd party.  Where products are used for non-domestic purposes we exclude (to the fullest extent permitted by law) those warranties and conditions relating to fitness for a particular purpose. 4.17         We are unable to offer a discount on bulk purchases or fulfil orders for wholesale purposes. Your order is for your own use as a consumer, and is subject to normal pricing and availability while stocks last. 4.18         Transactions involving alcohol may only be made during normal licensing hours. 4.19 Quality of Produce.    All of our fresh products will be expertly picked to have the longest available shelf life. Where you are not happy with the quality of any of your products, we are happy to arrange a refund. This can be arranged at the time of the delivery by bringing it to the attention of the delivery staff, or by contacting the Helpdesk. Please be aware that we cannot accept returns of fresh or perishable products or on products that have been packed specifically for you (for example meat products from our butcher), but where any product is not fit for its intended use we will arrange for a refund. 4.20 Delivery:        For your security, SuperValu Online Shopping will deliver only to the address given for any particular order. There must be a person over 16 years of age to sign for each order. Where there are any alcoholic products in an order then the person who signs for the order must be over 18 years of age. Delivery will not be made to public areas such as driveways, yards, apartment stairways or vehicles. Only occupied residences will be accepted for delivery. 4.21         Only addresses within specified townlands or areas in the delivery area of your local Supervalu store will be accepted for delivery. Where an order is accepted to an address to which delivery is not possible, contact will be made and no charge will be made. Neither SuperValu nor Musgrave will be liable for any non-delivery. All region maps on our Site are for guidance only and should not be considered binding. If you feel your area should be included for delivery, please talk to your local SuperValu; they’ll do everything they reasonably can to accommodate you. 4.22         Delivery will be made any time during the agreed delivery period. Where a delivery is attempted but not possible, the delivery staff will leave notification of attempted delivery and will make contact to re-arrange. A charge may apply where a return visit is required for delivery, however every attempt will be made to deliver without a need to re-charge. Please note that where your order includes alcoholic drink or any other product that is regulated by the Intoxicating Liquors act, delivery may only be made within certain hours. The times at which such products can be delivered are set out below. This term is subject to change, at our discretion and/or at the discretion of the individual store or if there is a change in the law. Day                                                                Opening                   Closing Monday to Saturday                              10.30 a.m.              10.00 p.m. Sunday and St Patricks Day                 12.30 p.m.              10.00 p.m. Eve of Good Friday                                 10.30 a.m.              10.00 p.m Good Friday                                               Closed                       Closed 23rd December (if it falls on a Sunday)10.30 a.m.        10.00 p.m. Christmas Eve                                           10.30 a.m.              10.00 p.m. Christmas Day                                           Closed                       Closed Whilst every endeavour will be made for a timely delivery SuperValu will not be liable for any late delivery caused by circumstances beyond our control. In the case of a late delivery contact will be made to ensure that delivery can be made at a suitable time. 4.23. Voucher Redemptions:             Standard terms and conditions apply to Online voucher redemptions. The voucher entitles the owner to the discount value promoted if the minimum spend is above the threshold indicated on the promotional piece. Discount cannot be applied retrospectively. One of each voucher valid per customer only. Validity dates apply to date of delivery. Enter the code provided at the online checkout to receive your discount. 4.24. Proof of Age:                You must be capable of proving that the person accepting delivery of the goods is over the age of 16 or over the age of 18 where the order contains any alcoholic drink or other product governed by the intoxicating liquors act, to the satisfaction of the person delivering the goods on behalf of SuperValu. The acceptability of the proof provided will be at the absolute discretion of the person delivering the goods on behalf of SuperValu. If you will not be there for your allocated delivery time, please either change your delivery time or contact the Helpdesk as no goods will be delivered without satisfactory proof of age being provided where requested. 4.25. Returns / Exchanges:                  If you have a problem with anything you buy using SuperValu Online Shopping we will be happy to arrange a refund/exchange where appropriate. Any problem with goods noticed at time of delivery should be brought to the delivery staff’s attention immediately. Any problems noticed after delivery should be reported to the Helpdesk who will be happy to arrange a refund or replacement. Please be aware that we cannot accept returns of fresh frozen or perishable products or on products that have been packed specifically for you (for example meat products from our butcher) or on baby food, newspapers and magazines, but where any product is not fit for its intended use we will arrange for a refund. We will not be responsible for any loss or damage caused to the goods after delivery. Otherwise, our liability to you shall be limited in contract and/or tort to the value of the order only, unless we have been negligent and that negligence has caused death or personal injury. 4.26         We reserve the right to remove Real Rewards Points from returned items. 4.27         Not all of our stores take part in our online delivery service.  It may be that your local store isn't the delivery store for your area. Each store has its own range tailored to its size and customer base, so sometimes products are available in your local store but not in the store which delivers your online shopping. 4.28 Contract        No contract will exist between you and the local SuperValu store for a sale to you of any product or service unless and until the goods are delivered and signed for by you (or your authorised representative) to the satisfaction of your local SuperValu Store. Your order is an offer to buy from your local SuperValu Store and nothing we do or say will constitute an acceptance of that offer until we actually deliver the goods to you. At any time up to then we may decline to supply you with any products without giving any reason. All deliveries are at the sole discretion of your local SuperValu store and any order can be refused at its discretion. Payment will be processed in-store between the time of picking and delivery. Payment is only acceptable by Credit or Debit cards accepted in-store. 4.29 Changes to Terms & Conditions:              Musgrave and your local SuperValu reserve the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which SuperValu Online Shopping services are offered. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions and for additional terms posted on this Site. 4.28 Linked / External Sites:              We may from time to time provide links to other sites (Linked Sites). The information contained on Linked Sites, including but not limited to the price of goods and services supplied, is the responsibility of those third parties and you undertake to separately adhere to and review the terms and conditions and privacy statement of those sites. Neither Musgrave nor your local SuperValu accepts any liability in relation to the information or charges of Linked sites. 4.29         You may receive information from time to time from Musgrave or your local SuperValu, please see our privacy policy at Section 3 above for further details. You can unsubscribe from this informational service at any stage. 4.30         Unsubscribing. To unsubscribe from SuperValu emails and text messages, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the end of every email and text message. To unsubscribe from SuperValu emails, click the "To Unsubscribe click here" link at the bottom of any email. To unsubscribe from text messaging from SuperValu, text the word REMOVE to 50015 (Do not reply to the text message). Alternatively, you can change your privacy options in your account details. 4.31         RE-subscribing. To resubscribe to SuperValu emails and text messages simply log into your account here and check the boxes for receiving email and text messages. Double check your email address and mobile phone number are correct and update your details by clicking the Update Account button at the bottom of the page. It will take up to 4 days to begin receiving email or text messages from SuperValu again.   5          INSURANCE TERMS   5.1       General  This Policy is intended to give you important information concerning our approach to arranging insurances for customers and how we handle your insurance.  If any points are unclear, please contact us on 1890 11 11 11 for Home, Motor and Travel.   This document takes effect from 01st May, 2017. In this section of the Policy ‘We’, ‘Us’ and ‘Our’ mean SuperValu Financial Services DAC., t/a SuperValu Insurance.   5.2            Who we are and regulation SuperValu Financial Services DAC, t/a SuperValu Insurance is part of the Musgrave Group.  The registered office of SuperValu Financial Services DAC trading as SuperValu Insurance is Musgrave House, Ballycurreen, Airport Road, Cork and the company is registered under company number 543704.   SuperValu Financial Services DAC, trading as SuperValu Insurance is a multi-agency intermediary and is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.  SuperValu Financial Services DAC, trading as SuperValu Insurance is registered with the Central Bank of Ireland as an Insurance Intermediary under the EC (Insurance Mediation) Regulations 2005. A copy of our authorisation is available on request.   We are authorised to provide advice, receive and transmit orders in relation to General Insurance policies.  We are subject to and comply with the provisions of the Consumer Protection Code, Minimum Competency Code and the Fitness and Probity Standards as set down by the Central Bank of Ireland. See their website for further details (www.centralbank.ie)   SuperValu Insurance is governed by the law of the Republic of Ireland.  In the event of SuperValu Insurance being unable to meet our obligations, you may be entitled to compensation from the Insurance Compensation Fund in Ireland.  Any disputes between you and us in respect of Republic of Ireland policies, will be dealt with in accordance with Irish law. All SuperValu Insurance policies are underwritten by third party regulated insurance companies who are joint data controllers of all data provided to us for insurance purposes.   The Central Bank of Ireland is responsible for the regulation of all financial services firms in Ireland. Their address is PO box 559, Dame Street, Dublin 2 and they can be contacted by telephone on 003531 124 6000 or by fax on 003531 671 6561.  The purpose of this document is to outline clearly to you the basis and extent to which we will provide you with services in relation to the general insurance products and services we offer.   If we make any material change to our terms of business which affects you, our customer, we will provide you with details of the change as soon as possible.   It is a requirement of the Central Bank of Ireland that we furnish you with this document. We would therefore ask that you read it carefully and use the information provided in it, to decide if our services are right for you. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms, we would ask that you contact us before we proceed and arrange your insurance.   5.3            Our Service We offer the following products only and we do not offer advice based on a general analysis of the market but only on the products available from our underwriters.   Your home and motor insurance with Us is provided by AIG Europe Limited. AIG Europe Ltd is registered in Ireland under Company Number 906664.  The registered address is 30 North Wall Quay, IFSC, Dublin 1.   AIG Europe Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority of the United Kingdom, and is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland for conduct of business rules.    SuperValu Travel Insurance is operated by the underwriter Chubb European Group Ltd.  Chubb European Group Limited trading as Chubb and Combined Insurance, is authorised & regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom and is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland for conduct of business rules. Registered in Ireland No. 904967 at 5 George's Dock, Dublin 1. Chubb European Group Limited (company number 1112892) is registered in England and Wales with registered offices at 100 Leadenhall Street, London EC3A 3BP.   We will provide you with a quotation for your chosen product or products, all relevant documentation and will administer your insurance.   5.4            Managing your requirements To enable us offer you a suitable policy, we will ask you a series of questions to enable us assess you need for insurance and to provide you with the most suitable product we can offer you. Having established your requirements we will provide you with a quotation. If you are happy with the quotation and on receipt of your instruction to proceed we will transmit the order on your behalf to the relevant underwriter. We would like to draw your attention to the section herein entitled ‘Duty of Disclosure’.   We will provide you with a summary of the insurance you requested explaining all the main features and benefits of the insurance, important details of the cover, including any specific or unusual restrictions or exclusions, or any specific conditions that you must meet, and the period of cover, including the commencement date. We recommend that you read the information we provide you and contact us immediately if anything is unclear or causes you concern. Where we arrange cover over the phone we will inform you of all aspects of the contract in detail at that time.   Premiums quoted are inclusive of a 3% Government Levy and also a 2% Insurance Compensation Fund Levy.   Any other costs or fees which may apply will be explicitly detailed in your quotation and clearly explained to you before we provide you with the service. Our remuneration for arranging your insurance will be by way of commission, being a portion of the premium paid, which is allowed to us by the Product Producers for introducing the insurance to them. We will not apply any additional charges. Details of the commission arrangements are available on request. In addition to commissions paid as outlined above, we may also receive additional income from the following sources:  Interest earned on insurance monies passing through our client premium bank accounts; Profit commissions or profit shares paid by insurers on specific facilities and arrangements for a limited class of business.  We will deal with you openly, fairly and honestly, and when requested to do so, we will disclose the amount of any additional income (or where that is not possible, a reasonable estimate of the additional income or its basis of calculation) from the above and any other sources that we may receive in relation to insurance we arrange.   5.5            Return Premiums In accordance with the Consumer Protection Code 2012, any rebate due to a Consumer will be paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy.   5.6            Premium Handling Payment can be made by cheque, Direct Debit Mandate, Credit Card or Debit Card. All cheques should be made payable to the specific insurer who is underwriting your Policy. Premiums are due on or before inception of cover or renewal date. To avoid cancellation of your cover, please ensure you pay your premium within the due dates outlined in your policy documentation. The premium you will be quoted includes all statutory charges. Direct Debit payment options are available on home and motor new & renewal business, which include a service charge (see quotation for further details & equivalent APR). No Direct Debit options are available on Travel Policies.   5.7            Duty of Disclosure We are obliged to inform you that you have a legal duty to provide insurers of all information which is material to the risk being insured, whether unfavourable or otherwise to you, at the time of taking out the policy. Material facts would include any information that could influence a decision by an insurer on whether to accept a risk and if so, upon premium and terms. If such information is not disclosed by you, your insurer has the right to cancel your insurance from its commencement. If they exercise this right, any claims under your policy will not be met. This responsibility applies throughout the whole period you are insured. We are also required to advise you that failure to make full disclosure of material facts may also cause difficulties for you in trying to purchase insurance elsewhere. In relation to home insurance, failure to have property insurance in place could lead to a breach of terms and conditions attached to any loan secured on your home.   5.8            Cancellation rights You may cancel the policy at any time by writing to us and if it relates to your motor insurance you must also return the certificate of insurance and insurance disc.   A consumer (as defined by SI No. 853 of 2004) has the right to withdraw from an insurance policy (as defined under SI No. 853 of 2004) within the first 14 days, without penalty and without giving any reason – this is known as the ‘Cooling Off’ period, we will refund your premium for any period of insurance remaining, less an administration fee.    If you cancel your policy during the first year of insurance (outside of the Cooling Off period) short term rates may apply, please see policy terms and conditions. If your policy is cancelled after the first year, we will refund your premium for any remaining period of insurance (less administration costs).  Where a refund is due a minimum refund amount may apply as outlined in the insurers’ terms and conditions.   We will only refund premiums as long as there has been no claim or loss during the current period of insurance. 5.9            Defaults and remedies   At any time by giving you appropriate notice in writing to your last known address the insurer reserves the right to cancel your policy in the event of the following:    Your non-payment of the premium due at inception, renewal or following a mid-term adjustment Your bank returns your cheque or Direct Debit Instalment for any reason Non-disclosure of relevant information, (please refer to the ‘Duty of Disclosure’ statement in this document for further details of your obligations) Insurer instigated cancellation. Please see your policy booklet terms and conditions for full details. When your policy is cancelled or expires, we will send you any information and documentation that you require on request.    5.10         Claims handling We understand how important claims handling is to our customers. The information provided in the policy explains clearly what you need to do in the event of a claim. If you do notify us of a claim we will pass it to the insurer and their claims team will contact you directly. They can provide you with information on:  How to complete a claim form, When receipts are required, What you need to do next, How to refer a claim to the Personal Injuries Assessment Board.    5.11         Conflict of interest We will endeavour to avoid conflicts of interest, however, where this is unavoidable we will explain the position to you and ask you for written confirmation that you are aware of the conflict of interest and you are happy to proceed.   5.12         Recording of Calls All calls made into our offices will be recorded for training and verification purposes. A copy of such recording can be made available to you by request. You have the right at any time to request a copy of any personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act, 1988 and ask us to change or delete any information we hold about you.  All enquires can be sent to: - The Risk & Compliance Officer, SuperValu Insurance, ICIT, Musgrave Group, Tramore Road, Cork.   5.13         Communications by email  Where you opt to communicate with us via email, there is no guarantee that the message is accurate or has been received by us.  As internet communications are not secure, data may become corrupted during transmission or files may not transmit correctly or at all, we are not responsible for the contents of this message or responsible for any change made to this message after you sent it to us. We accept no liability for any losses caused by non-receipt, or corruption of data, information or instructions sent via email either by you or by us.   5.14         Complaints SuperValu Insurance is committed to working hard for you the customer, being honest and achieving excellent customer service. We have partnered with our chosen insurance suppliers as they share our commitment to service excellence. However, from time to time, things can and do go wrong. At times situations may arise which fall short of the service we are committed to and which you have come to expect from us. When this happens and you have cause for complaint or are not happy with the insurance service we provided you, we would ask that you bring it to our attention. It is through this feedback that we can improve our service for you into the future. Please refer to your policy booklet for full details on how to complain.  Any complaint that you are unable to resolve to your satisfaction with our Customer Services staff should be sent to the following addresses:   Home and Motor Insurance   Address:                  SuperValu Insurance, Customer Complaints Manager, AIG Europe Group, 30 North Wall Quay, IFSC, Dublin 1. E-mail:                      supervalu.ie@aig.com     Travel Insurance   Address:                  The Customer Service Manager                                     SuperValu Insurance, Chubb European Group Limited 5 George Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1. E-mail:       supervalu.travelinsurance@chubb.com Each complaint will be handled in accordance with our Complaints Handling Procedure and the Consumer Protection Code 2012. When we have resolved your complaint, or have investigated it in as far as we can and you are not entirely satisfied with our handling of the complaint or the resolution offered, you have the right to refer your complaint to the Financial Services Ombudsman, 3rd Floor, Lincoln House, Lincoln Place, Dublin 2.   If you wish to receive a copy of our Complaints Handling Procedure, please write to us at the above address which is relevant to your type of policy.   5.15         Investor Compensation Act 1998 SuperValu Financial Services DAC t/a SuperValu Insurance is a member of the Investor Compensation Scheme (ICCL) established under the Investor Compensation Act 1998. The legislation provided for the establishment of a compensation scheme and for the payment in certain circumstances, of compensation to clients of firms covered by the Act. You should be aware that a right to compensation would only arise where money held by us on your behalf cannot be returned either for the time being or for the foreseeable future. In the event that a right to compensation is established, the amount payable is the lesser of 90% of your loss or an amount up to €20,000. Our partners are also members of a compensation scheme and if they are unable to meet their financial obligations, you may be entitled to compensation from the scheme of which they are members.   5.16         How to contact us Should you wish to contact us about your Insurance needs please use the following details. Home & Motor Insurance Address:                  SuperValu Insurance, Customer Service Manager, OSG Merrion Hall, Strand Road, Sandymount, Dublin 4, E-mail:                      supervalu.ie@aig.com         Telephone:             1890 11 11 11   Travel Insurance Address:                  SuperValu Insurance, Customer Service and Claim Centre, OSG Merrion Hall, Strand Road, Sandymount, Dublin 4, E-mail:                     supervalu.travelinsurance@chubb.com Telephone:             1890 11 11 11   General Insurance Queries   For general insurance issues, you can contact our Head Office: Address:                  Compliance Officer, SuperValu Insurance, Musgrave Retail Partners Ireland, Tramore Road, Cork. E-mail:               supervalu.insurance@musgrave.ie     6          E-SHOPS TERMS   6.1            We maintain our e-shops Site as a service to its visitors. By using this Site, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. Please review the following terms carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, you have no right from Us to obtain information from or otherwise use this Web site. Failure to use this Site in accordance with the following terms of use may subject you to civil and criminal penalties.  6.2            Our e-shop Site and the Sites may contain links to other Web sites that are not under the control of Musgrave.  Musgrave has no responsibility for the linked Web sites nor does linking constitute an endorsement of any linked Web site. If you use the links, you will leave the Sites and your activities may be governed by other terms and conditions and privacy practices. Links are provided solely for the convenience and information of the Sites' users. Limited Right to Use 6.3            You may only use this Site as a general guide to make price comparisons for your own private use and shall not use this site for any other purposes. The viewing, printing or downloading of any content, video, audio, graphic, form or document from the Site grants you only a revocable, nonexclusive license for use solely by you for personal, non-commercial purposes limited to the use as is reasonably required to view and listen to the content and navigate through the pages and links generally available to the public using a standard Internet browser and standard media player, and not for republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works or other use. No part of any content, graphic, form or document may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system, electronic or mechanical, other than for your personal, noncommercial use (but not for resale or redistribution). Editing, Deleting and Modification 6.4            We reserve the right in our sole discretion to change, edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on the Site. Accuracy of Information 6.5            Product specifications and other information have either been made accessible by suppliers, manufacturers, retailers, publications, publicists; or been gathered from public-domain sources. Our intention is that all information on our e-shops website should be as accurate and up-to-date as possible. However, we cannot guarantee the reliability or the accuracy of the information contained within its pages. All the actions taken by the user of the website are the responsibility of the individual. We try insofar as is possible to ensure the accuracy of product and pricing information displayed on our site. However, we urge our users to conduct their own research prior to purchasing from the stores listed on our service to ensure the accuracy of the prices. e-shops.com cannot make any guarantees that any information is correct or be held liable for any actions taken based on the product and pricing information provided. We can also not be held responsible for any loss or damage resulting from any business conducted with any company listed on e-shops.com. If you want to report an error or have any questions please contact Us at https://supervalu.ie/about/contact-us. No Endorsement 6.6            Mention of third-party products or services being sold by third parties through our e-shops Site (Vendors), including the use of trademarks or links to the web sites of Vendors, is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those Vendors. In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of Vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those Vendors endorse or have any affiliation with e-shops.com. Payment 6.7            There is no charge payable to e-shops.com for use of the e-shops Site during the continuance of these Terms and Conditions. We shall have no responsibility for transmission of funds due to any third party Vendor provider or distributor with whom you may elect to deal. You shall be responsible for transmitting all payments due on the terms agreed with any third party Vendor provider or distributor. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 5.8       THE COMPUTER PROGRAMS, INFORMATION AND OTHER CONTENT AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH OUR E-SHOPS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS-IS," "AS AVAILABLE," AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, E-SHOPS.COM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, (A) THAT ANY COMPUTER PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE, OR THE SITE ITSELF WILL BE MERCHANTABLE OR FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, (B) THAT ANY COMPUTER PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE, OR THE SITE ITSELF WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, (C) THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, (D) THAT THERE ARE NO VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, (E) THAT THE SECURITY METHODS EMPLOYED WILL BE SUFFICIENT, (F) REGARDING CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY, OR (G) AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE COMPUTER PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION, OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT. ALL 'INFORMATION' AND 'COMPUTER PROGRAMS' PROVIDED IN THE COURSE OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED WITH ALL FAULTS, AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU AS THE USER. WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR YOUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION OR OTHER CONTENT AVAILABLE FROM OR THOUGH THE SITE, OR THE SITE ITSELF. IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY COMPENSATORY, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE; NOR FOR ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMS OF ANY NATURE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR CLAIMS. THE NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US AND YOU. THE INFORMATION AND OTHER CONTENT AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE, AND THE SITE ITSELF, WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, YOU OBTAIN FROM US FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.   7          GENERAL 7.1            We reserve the right, at any time in our sole discretion, to: modify, suspend or discontinue the Sites or any Service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites, with or without notice; charge fees in connection with the use of the Sites; modify and/or waive any fees charged in connection with the Sites; and/or offer opportunities to some or all users of the Sites. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site, or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites.  We also reserve the right to change the terms of this Policy from time to time.  Any changes we may make to this Policy in the future will be posted on www.musgrave.ie and where appropriate, notified to you in the context of your use of the Services. 7.2            If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. 7.3            Our failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or remedy provided by these terms and conditions or by law does not constitute a waiver of those or any other rights or remedies. 7.4            Neither Musgrave nor any Musgrave affiliated retailer shall be liable for any failure to perform any of our obligations under these terms and conditions which is caused by circumstances beyond our reasonable control including, but not limited to any force majeure incident. 7.5            Site Usage:             As a condition of your use of the Sites and/or the Services, you will not use the Sites/Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden or impair any Site/Service or interfere with any other parties use and/or enjoyment of those Sites/Services. 7.6            You may not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Sites or Services, other accounts, computer systems and networks connected to any Site/Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. 7.7             Neither Musgrave nor your local SuperValu will be liable for any costs incurred by you to access the Site such as telephone, computer or other. 7.8            Availability of Services: Neither Musgrave nor any Musgrave retailer can be held liable for any interruption in the availability of the Site or the availability of delivery services or other Services provided by Musgrave or your local Musgrave retailer and any inconvenience or loss this may cause other than as may arise under law or under these terms and conditions. In particular, on-line shopping and e-shop Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and we cannot guarantee that the service will be fault free. 7.9            Limitation of Warranties: Neither your local Musgrave Retailer nor Musgrave makes any representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, as to the operation of the Sites (including this Site), the information, content, materials or products, included on or in their sites/services. To the full extent of the applicable law, Musgrave and your local SuperValu store disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Neither Musgrave nor your local SuperValu will be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of the Sites and/or the Services including (nut not limited to ) the SuperValu Online Shopping service,  and including (but not limited to) direct, indirect, consequential, incidental and punitive damages. No oral advice or written information given by Musgrave, its affiliates, agents, directors, employees. agents, or the like, shall create a warranty, nor shall you rely on any such information or advice.  Nothing in this paragraph applies to Musgrave or its local retailer’s liability in respect of products sold to You. 7.10         Miscellaneous: We are pleased to hear from users and welcome your comments regarding products sold by us and/or the Services and/or the Sites (“Comments”). You agree that your Comments will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your Comments will not contain libellous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Sites. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead Musgrave or third parties as to the origin of any Comments. You are solely responsible for any Comments you make and their accuracy. We. take no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Comments posted by your or any third party. 7.11         All materials incorporated in or accessible through the Sites, including, without limitation, text, prices, product details, photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, logos, button icons, audio clips, video clips, software, and other content, and the compilation, collection, arrangement, and assembly thereof (including the look and feel of the Site), are protected by Irish and international copyright laws, and are owned, controlled or licensed by Musgrave Retail or its permitted licensors. All such rights are reserved. Such materials may be used only for viewing the Sites in the ordinary course or as a resource for purchasing the products and/or services offered through the Sites. Any other use of such materials, including any copying, reproduction, modification, sale, distribution, extraction, re-utilisation, transmission, republication, downloading, display, posting, performance, or other exploitation thereof by any means or medium without the prior written permission of the copyright owner is strictly prohibited. All trade marks on this Sites may not be used without our prior written permission. Any person wishing to link to any of the Sites should contact us, to apply for consent to make such a link. Making use of other facilities that may be provided on the website, use of any automated system or software to extract data from this website for commercial purposes (“screen scraping”) is prohibited, except in cases where third parties have entered into a written Licence Agreement directly with Musgrave which permits that third party to access Musgrave’s price, product details and other information for the sole purpose of price comparison. Musgrave, Musgrave Marketplace, SuperValu, Centra and Daybreak are Registered Trade Marks of Musgrave. 7.12         The terms of this Policy and this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Ireland without regard to choice of law principles and the courts of Ireland shall have jurisdiction to hear any dispute in relation to it. The waiver of any provision of the Agreement shall not be considered a waiver of any other provision or of Musgrave's right to require strict observance of each of the terms herein. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid for any reason, that provision shall be severable, and all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us relating to your use of the Sites.   CONTACT US Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to dpo@musgrave.ie  
