 
Accessibility Policy Statement
Privacy Policy Statement
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Policy Statement
The American Foundation for the Blind (AFB) believes that every website 
		  can and should be accessible to people with disabilities. This website and the process by which 
		  it was designed are intended to serve as models to facilitate systemic 
		  change. 
AFB's website complies with 
		  all three levels of the World Wide Web Consortium 
		  (W3C) Web Access Initiative Guidelines 
		  and Recommendations for Content 
		  and Authoring Tools. 
		  We affirm, support, and comply with AFB's "Policy Statement for Assuring 
		  That Materials Produced by the American Foundation for the Blind Are 
		  Accessible to People Who Are Blind or Visually Impaired." 
In addition, AFB's website includes enhancements which promote accessibility 
		  and usability for blind or visually impaired users. 
AFB asserts that all websites should be accessible to people with 
		  disabilities. We urge all web developers to create sites accessible 
		  to all. Though the AFB site includes links to other websites, we cannot 
		  guarantee that these sites comply with web accessibility standards. 
		  AFB encourages visitors who find web accessibility problems to contact 
		  the website owners and ask them to comply with accessibility recommendations. 
		
If you find any aspect of AFB's website inaccessible or difficult 
		  to use, please contact afbweb@afb.net. 
		
Privacy Policy Statement
American Foundation for the Blind (AFB) wants to provide you with a positive 
          online experience, enabling you to take advantage of our extensive information 
          resources and exchange valuable information with other organizations and 
          individuals.  Our information gathering and dissemination practices and 
          procedures are outlined below.
Information Collection and Use
The choice of personally identifiable information you disclose to us is 
          completely at your discretion.  It is not mandatory for you to answer any 
          question, but you will have to provide certain information in order to access 
          some areas of our site or to complete transactions initiated by you.    
          
When making an online contribution to AFB, you must provide us with personally 
          identifiable details along with required credit card information. This 
          information is used for billing purposes, for acknowledgment, and to contact you
          in the event of any problems with the transaction. 
When making a purchase in the bookstore or providing a
reader review of a publication, you must complete a registration process and
provide us with your name, address, and contact information. When placing a 
publication order, you must
provide credit card information and addresses for billing and shipping. This information is stored in
a password-protected area so that we can contact you about order status and
provide other customer service activities. You have the option of storing your
credit card information for express checkout when making future purchases.
We employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf. Examples
include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail,
providing customer service, and processing credit card payments. These service 
providers do not share or use
personally identifiable information for any secondary purpose; they are not
permitted to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of
providing these contracted services.
All financial data are securely managed and
safeguarded in accordance with applicable laws and standard practices. 
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software,
which encrypts information you input, during transmission of financial
data. We reveal only the last four
digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order or storing your
information. It is important that you
protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
If a user wishes to subscribe to AFB electronic discussion groups, 
        we ask for contact information such as name and e-mail address.
From time to time afb.org requests information from users via surveys.  
         Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user 
         therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  
         Information requested may include contact information (such as name, 
         e-mail address, and mailing address), and demographic information 
         (such as zip code, age level, occupation).  Survey information may be used for 
         purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site or for
          research and policy development in the blindness field.
When you visit afb.org, our web server automatically recognizes 
         and collects only your IP address or domain name.  
         We collect aggregate information on pages you and other visitors access in 
         order to analyze trends, administer the site, track movement, and gather broad 
         demographic information for aggregate use.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file placed on a user's computer hard drive when a 
        user visits a website. If users reject AFB's cookie, they may 
        still use our site.  The only drawback is that the user will be limited 
        in some areas of our site. For example, the Change 
        Colors option relies on cookies to work; the 
        bookstore requires a cookie from users 
        who wish to maintain a shopping cart; and our subscription services use cookies 
        to determine access privileges.
Links to Other Sites
Many links are provided which may lead to websites maintained by third parties
        over which we have no control. We encourage our users to be aware when they 
        leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website 
        that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement 
        applies solely to information collected by this website.
While AFB encourages and promotes the implementation of websites that are fully 
      accessible to individuals who are blind, visually impaired, or who have other 
      disabilities and we provide many links to other sites of possible interest to our website visitors, we are not responsible for the content or accessibility of any other 
      sites and links to other sites are not intended to imply endorsement of them by AFB.
Choice/Opt-out
You will always have the ability to opt not to receive e-mail or other 
      communications from afb.org.  If you receive such e-mail or communications and 
      would prefer not to in the future, you may remove your name from our lists by 
      contacting us at info@afb.net.
If you have any questions about any of these privacy policies, please contact us 
     by e-mail (info@afb.net) or write to us at Customer Service, afb.org, 2 Penn Plaza
      - Suite 1102, New York, NY 10121.
Terms and Conditions
afb.org is an Internet site maintained by American Foundation for the Blind (AFB) 
	 as a service to the Internet community.  In addition to all applicable laws, access 
	 to and use of afb.org are subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.  
	 These terms and conditions may be updated periodically by AFB. Updated policies and 
	 procedures supersede previous versions.
1.  Privacy.
afb.org is designed to enable you to maintain control over your 
     personal information. AFB will not release any personally identifiable information 
     to third parties without appropriate authorization from you. See AFB's Privacy 
     Policy for more information.
2.	Noncommercial use.
The purpose of this web site is to provide information, 
     services and communication opportunities for individuals and organizations.  
     All materials are provided solely for personal/institutional, noncommercial use.
3.	Copyright.
AFB owns the copyright in the entire compilation of afb.org and 
     all of the images located at this site.  No copyrighted material may be distributed,
     downloaded, modified, reused, reproduced, reposted, transmitted, disseminated, 
     sold, published, broadcast or circulated or otherwise used, except as expressly 
     stated either in such materials or in this notice, without the express written 
     permission of AFB.
4. Trademarks.

AccessWorld, Braille Bug, Braille Trail, CareerConnect, FamilyConnect, and the AFB logo are registered trademarks of the American Foundation for the Blind:





No use of any AFB trademark is permitted without express written permission.


5.	Accuracy.
AFB makes every effort to keep all data at this site accurate and 
     up to date, but makes no warranties or representations regarding the data.  
     Users agree that all access to and use of afb.org are at the user's own risk.  
     Neither AFB nor any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this website shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special, punitive, or similar damages arising out of access, use, or inability to use afb.org or any errors or omissions in its content. The user specifically waives any and 
     all claims the user may have arising out of use of afb.org.  Any service for which
     a separate fee is charged carries with it only the representations and warranties 
     specifically stated attributable to that service.
6.	Links.
 afb.org contains many links to other sites of possible interest 
     to our web users.  AFB is not responsible for the content or accessibility of 
     other sites, and links from afb.org to other sites are not intended to imply 
     endorsement of them by AFB.
7.	User Submissions: Community Center Messages, Blog Responses, Book Reviews, etc.
AFB reserves the right to delete messages 
     and/or responses posted to the Community Center Message Board or AFB Blog that AFB 
     considers to be inappropriate or profane. Although AFB and its designees may from time to time monitor or review discussions, postings, transmissions, message boards and other user and member generated pages on the web site, neither AFB nor its partners or representatives is under any obligation to do so. 
Users agree not to post or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, violate the rights of others, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law. 
AFB assumes no responsibility or liability for 
     the accuracy or content of the messages or responses. AFB reserves the right 
     to approve readers' reviews before they are posted in the bookstore, and to make 
     its own determination of what job postings, events, and announcements will be 
     posted in the Community Center.Note: Due to past abuses, AFB reserves the right to delete any posts advertising "work from home" opportunities.