This statement applies to personal information collected through this website (www.justice.govt.nz). This statement is to let users of this website know when we collect personal information and what we do with it.Note that this site can be viewed and its web feeds can be subscribed to without the need to disclose personal information to us.Collecting personal informationWe collect personal information that you choose to give us while using our website and its services, for example your email address if you sign up to a newsletter. We only use this personal information for the purpose(s) specified at the point of collection. When you do provide information to us, please carefully read the privacy statement provided at that point.Note that any information you provide us with is viewable by site administrators, certain Ministry of Justice staff and contractors (including third parties providing services relating to the administration, improvement and/or securing of this site and the information it contains "Third Party Contractors")), and if published, members of the public. Please note this if you choose to provide us with information of a sensitive nature.Sharing your informationWe do not give information about you to other government agencies, organisations or anyone else unless one of the following applies:
one of the reasons we obtained the information was to give it to someone else
you have given authority
it is required or authorised by the Privacy Act 1993 or by any other law. For example, to avoid prejudice to the maintenance of the law including the prevention, detection, investigation, prosecution and punishment of offences; or for law enforcement purposes; or for the protection of public revenue; or for the conduct of court or tribunal proceedings
it will prevent or lessen a serious threat to public health or safety or to somebody's life or health or
the information is to be used in a way that will not identify you; or it is to be used for statistical or research purposes and will not be published in a way that will identify you.
Access to personal information we hold about youYou can ask us to give you any information that we hold about you and to make any correction to that information. Contact our Privacy Officer:
email: privacy@justice.govt.nz
phone: 04 918 8800
post: Privacy Officer, Ministry of Justice, SX10088, Wellington
Automatic collection of informationWe do not collect personal information about you if you only browse this website. We do not use cookies to store personal information. You are able to access and use our website with cookies disabled in your browser settings.Statistical informationWe - and our contractors, providers and agencies - use analytical tools, like Google Analytics to create summary statistics that allow us to assess information such as the number of visitors to different sections of the website, identify what information is of most and least interest, monitor system performance, and help us make our website more useful to visitors. To do this these analytical tools collect and store the data when you visit the website, including:
Your service address (IP address)
The date, time and duration of your visit to the site
The pages you accessed and the documents you downloaded
The type of browser you used
The search terms you used
Your operating system
Other incidental matters such as screen resolution and the language setting of your browser.
RecordsYour emails and contributions to the site may constitute public records and be retained to the extent required by the Public Records Act 2005. We may also be required to disclose those materials under the Official Information Act 1982 or to a Parliamentary Select Committee in response to a Parliamentary Question.
