
Privacy Statement & Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our players and users.
				Please read our full Privacy Policy

Confidentiality
All User records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. 
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.

Disclaimer
Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, The UGC League:

excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or literature; and 
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised the UGC League of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages. 

The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.

Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are available to all members of the general public. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the owners of UGC League. The UGC League does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify UGC League, its employees, administrators, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.

Log Files
We use IP addresses to administer the site, track user's experience, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  Additionally, for systems administration our web servers automatically log standard access information including your steam comunity ID and IP. The IP addresses are linked only to your steam ID and not linked to personally identifiable information. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this website. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above.

Cookies
The UGC League website uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies & the 3rd Party Advertising blocks presented on our Webpages will use cookies as part of their presentation of Ad blocks.  

Links from this website 
We do not monitor or review the content of other party's websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.

Copyright Notice 
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the UGC League services and the full content of this website. 
This Company's logo is a registered trademark of this Company in the United Sates and other countries. The brand name and specific services of UGC League featured on this web site are trade marked. 

Communication
Contact information, can be found on our Contact Us link on our website.

Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.

Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.

General
The laws of the United States of America, and the State of Connecticut govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website and using our services you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of the Company.

Notification of Changes
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site's Player & User information, notification by e-mail or public posting will be made. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.




