The privacy of our stakeholders is important to us and the University takes care to safeguard it. These pages provide information about how the University uses personal data in line with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  The Privacy Notice below sets out how we use the personal data of website users, enquirers, and visitors.  Please click “In this Section” for our other Privacy Notices and further information.
Introduction
This notice covers the personal data that we collect from  enquirers by phone, email, live chat, social media, and voicemail. We have  separate Privacy Notices for applicants, students, alumni, staff, governors,  and research participants.
From 25 May 2018 the General Data  Protection Regulation (GDPR) will replace the Data Protection Act and govern  the way that organisations use personal data.   Personal data is information relating  to an identifiable living individual.
Transparency is a key element of  the GDPR and this Privacy Notice is designed to inform you:

how and why the University uses your personal data, 
what your rights are under GDPR, and,
how to contact us so that you can exercise those rights.

What are the legal conditions/lawful bases for  processing?

The legal conditions/lawful bases for processing  are set out in Article 6 of the GDPR. At least one of these must apply whenever  the University and other organisations process personal data:

(a) Consent: you, the data subject have given  clear consent for the University to process your personal data for a specific  purpose.
(b) Contract: the processing is necessary for  a contract that the University has with you, or because you have asked the  University to take specific steps before entering into a contract.
(c) Legal obligation: the processing is necessary  for the University to comply with the law (not including contractual  obligations).
 (d) Vital interests: the processing is necessary to  protect someone’s life.
 (e) Public task: the processing is necessary  for the University to perform a task in the public interest or for our official  functions, and the task or function has a clear basis in law.
 (f) Legitimate  interests: the processing is  necessary for the University’s legitimate interests or the legitimate interests  of a third party unless there is a good reason to protect the your personal  data which overrides those legitimate interests.

Why are we processing your personal data?
We process your personal data to:

Respond  to enquiries from potential student applicants (Legal Basis-Consent) such as responding to requests for information about our courses  including prospectus requests.  To answer  enquiries the University may use a customer relationship management system  (CRM). It is in the University's legitimate  interests to provide you with further information which we believe is relevant  to your enquiry.  You will have the  opportunity to manage your preferences which includes the right to object to  this processing and unsubscribe from further communications at any time.  In these cases the University will respond  promptly to any such request. In any case you will be removed from our mailing  lists after two years
Registration  for events (Legal Basis-Consent)-We collect data that you provide to the  University to enable us to register you for our events such as Open Days and  other University sponsored events.  Where  you provide special categories of personal data/sensitive personal data , e.g.  access requirements/disability/reasonable adjustments, we process this data on  the basis of your explicit consent.  It is in the University's legitimate interests to provide you with  further information which we believe is relevant to your enquiry.  You will have the opportunity to manage your  preferences which includes the right to object to this processing and unsubscribe  from further communications at any time.   In these cases the University will respond promptly to any such request.
Subscription  Services (Legal Basis-Consent) such as SMS text messages with regular  updates.  Any information you supply for  this is used only to deliver messages based on the subject you choose to the  email address or phone number you specify.   You may unsubscribe at any time.   In these cases the University will respond promptly to any such request.  Your data will be retained until you unsubscribe from this service.
To  process orders made through the University's online store (Legal  Basis-Necessary for the Performance of a Contract) such as merchandise, events, and conferences.  The  University store offers a variety of services which you will need to register  for to order goods and services from the University.  You may be asked to supply different types of  personal data depending on the goods or services you have requested such as:
    
Registering to attend a field trip
Short courses/CPD courses
Requesting of Transcripts and replacement of certificates
Registering interest or attendance in an event
Registering for Sports Clubs
Requesting a replacement of a SHUCard
Purchase of University merchandise such as t-shirts, pens or other SHU  logo items.
Staff Travel Tickets            


    You can find more information on the SHUStore Terms and Conditions.  Information related to financial transactions will be retained for 7 years for tax and audit purposes.
To  process applications for employment (Legal Basis-Necessary for the performance  of a contract)- In order to apply for a vacancy within  the University, applicants are required to register their details on the  e-recruitment portal before they can apply for a job.  To process your application you will be  required to submit additional personal details. Where we process special  categories of personal data/sensitive personal data in relation to your  employment application, we do so on the basis of the employment and substantial public interest conditions in Article 9  of the GDPR.  You will always have the  option of responding to the equality monitoring questions with "Prefer not  to say". 
    You can find more information about the use and  retention of your data on the E-Recruitment Terms and Conditions [ADD LINK]
Respond to Freedom of Information requests (Legal  basis - legal obligation) - in order to make a valid FOI request,  you must provide your name and an address /email address for  correspondence.  These are used for the  purpose of managing your request and complying with our legal obligations. Data  that you supply and our response to you will be retained for 6 years to fulfil  legal obligations.
Respond  to other enquiries (e.g. research, consultancy, business services) (Legal basis  - consent, necessary for a contract, legitimate interests  depending on the nature of your enquiry) -  The University will use the data that you provide to respond to your  enquiry.  To answer enquiries the University may use a customer relationship  management system (CRM). It is in the University's legitimate interests to provide you with further information which we  believe is relevant to your enquiry.   You will have the opportunity to manage your preferences which includes  the right to object to this processing and unsubscribe from further  communications at any time.  In these cases  the University will respond promptly to any such request.  Retention will depend on the nature of your  enquiry.
Browsing  our website and monitoring the usage of our website(Legal basis - legitimate  interests) - Data may be collected as you browse our  website to improve functionality and your experience.  We also use data you provide to us to inform  on how we can improve our services. Please see the statement on our use of cookies.
To  maintain the appropriate physical, electronic and organisational security measures  of the University (Legal Basis-Legitimate Interest)-The University collects data through our CCTV which has signage in  place to indicate areas that have CCTV in place.  This is done to ensure the safety of our  staff, students, visitors and the wider community. We may also collect your  data when you are asked to sign in at certain locations on campus.
Process  feedback on our services(Legal Basis-Legitimate Interests)- If you contact us by email or through a web page to request  information, report a problem, make a complaint or provide feedback on our  services we will use the information you provide to respond to your message, to  address the issue you have raised, and to make improvements to our  services.  We do not use this information  for other purposes.

Who do we share your data with?
You should be aware that in order  to provide our services we may need to share your personal or sensitive  personal data within the organisation or outside Sheffield Hallam University.  The privacy of your personal data is paramount and will not be disclosed unless  there is a justified purpose for doing so.  The University NEVER sells personal data to third parties.
Your data may be shared with:

University staff who need the information to process your  request, purchase, or application
Contractors and suppliers, where the University uses external services  or has outsourced work which involves the use of your personal data on our  behalf. The University will ensure that appropriate contracts and/or data  sharing agreements are in place and that the contractors and suppliers process  personal data in accordance with the GDPR and other applicable  legislation.  Examples of suppliers  include WPM who host our Online Store, Relex who process payments on behalf of  the University, IT services and support, confidential waste disposal, mailing  services.  If we need to transfer your  personal information to another organisation for processing in countries that  aren’t listed as 'adequate' by the European Commission, we’ll only do so  if we have model contracts or other appropriate safeguards (protection) in  place. 
Government bodies and departments, in the UK and overseas, responsible for  statistical analysis, monitoring and auditing.

We may also  ask for your consent to use your personal data for other purposes. You will be  given additional information for each purpose and have the right to withdraw  your consent at any time. 
Security
The University takes a robust  approach to protecting the information it holds. This includes the installation  and use of technical measures including firewalls and intrusion detection and  prevention tools on the University network and segregation of different types  of device; the use of tools on University computers to detect and remove  malicious software and regular assessment of the technical security of  University systems. University staff monitor systems and respond to suspicious  activity.  The University has Cyber  Essentials certification.
Alongside these technical  measures there are comprehensive and effective policies and processes in place  to ensure that users and administrators of University information are aware of  their obligations and responsibilities for the data they have access to. By  default, people are only granted access to the information they require to perform  their duties. Training is provided to new staff joining the University and  existing staff have training and expert advice available if needed.
Data Subject Rights
One of the aims of the General Data  Protection Regulation (GDPR) is to empower individuals and give them control  over their personal data. 
The GDPR gives you the following  rights:

The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erase  
The right to restrict processing 
The right to data  portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated  decision making and profiling

For more information about these  rights please see here and the Contact  Us section at the end of this Privacy Notice.
Contact Us

If you would like to request copies of your personal data held by  the University please see our info about SARs (a subject access request).
If you would like to exercise your other rights (e.g. to  have inaccurate data rectified, to restrict or object to processing) please  contact our Data Protection Officer.  

You should also contact the Data  Protection Officer if:

you have a query about how your data is used by the  University
you would like to report a data security breach (e.g. if  you think your personal data has been lost or disclosed inappropriately)
you would like to complain about how the University has  used your personal data

Data Protection Officer
Governance Services
City Campus
Howard Street
Sheffield 
S1 1WB
DPO@shu.ac.uk 
Telephone: 0114 225 5555
Further Information and Support
Please see more information about  how the University uses personal data here
The Information Commissioner is  the regulator for GDPR.  The Information  Commissioner's Office (ICO) has a website with information and guidance for  members of the public:
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
The Information Commissioner's  Office operates a telephone helpline, live chat facility and email enquiry  service.  You can also report concerns  online.  For more information please see  the Contact Us page of their website:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Sheffield Hallam University is not responsible for the content of external websites.
