

Privacy Statement for 
hoseheadforums.com



Hoseheadforums.com

 has created this privacy
      statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
      The following discloses the information gathering and
      dissemination practices for this Web site:
      
hoseheadforums.com


We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when
you visit our Web site. Our third-party advertising company also separately
places or recognizes a cookie file on your browser in the course of
delivering advertisements to this Site.  These companies may use information
(not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about
your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements
about goods and services of interest to you.  If you would like more
information about this practice and to know your choices about not having
this information used by these companies, please click here.
BurstMedia.com and FastClick.com




Information Automatically Logged


We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. 






Cookies


Our Site uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. We also use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. 

We use cookies to save your username and password so you don't have to input them each time you access a protected page.





Advertisers



        We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. 
        While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are 
        collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
      hoseheadforums.com WORKS WITH A THIRD PARTY THAT SERVES ADS TO THIS SITE. TO FIND OUT MORE ABOUT HOW FLYCAST MANAGES THE PRIVACY OF INFORMATION IN CONJUNCTION WITH SERVING ADS ON THIS SITE, PLEASE GO TO:
BurstMedia
FastClick




Registration Forms


Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), financial information (like their bank account or credit card numbers), unique identifiers (like their social security number), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). 


Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. 



        Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
      


Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. 


Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity. 



        Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. 


 
          This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.


          We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might 
          be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. 





Surveys


Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address). 


Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. 



        Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
      




Contests


We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like email address). 


Contact information from the contests is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. 



        Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
      




External Links



        This site contains links to other sites. 
        

hoseheadforums.com

 
        is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 
      




Public Forums


This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.




Security



This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.       






Data Quality/Access


This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
        



            You can send email to 

sales@hoseheadforums.com





Contacting the Web Site



      If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: 
      

sales@hoseheadforums.com


