Privacy Policy
With the enactment of the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (previously the Information Privacy Act 2000) and the Health Records Act 2001, Victorian councils are required to comply with the privacy principles set out in the Acts and adopt policies on the management and handling of personal and health information of individuals.
PURPOSE
This Privacy Policy explains how the Wyndham City Council will collect, hold, use and disclose personal and health information of individuals, how individuals can gain access to their information, and correct inaccuracies, and how an individual may complain about possible breaches of privacy.
Website Privacy Disclaimer
Purpose
The Wyndham City Council views the protection of an individual’s privacy as an integral part of its commitment towards complete accountability and integrity in all its activities and programs. This statement outlines Council's policies relating to the management of personal information as required by the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Vic).
Scope
This policy applies to all Councillors, Officers, Consultants and Contractors of the Wyndham City Council.
This policy covers all personal and health information held by the Wyndham City Council and includes information we have collected:
about you through any of Council's public access interfaces
from you, as well as information about you collected from a third parties
about you regardless of format. This includes information collected on forms, in person, in correspondence, over the telephone or via our various web sites.
Website Privacy Statement 
This privacy statement applies to the Wyndham  City Council website.
For information about the broader collection and use of personal and health information by Wyndham City Council please refer to our Privacy Policy
Links
This website privacy statement does not apply to other websites we may link to. We recommend you read their privacy policy when you access another site.
Anonymous access to our site
You can access the Wyndham City Council home page and browse our web site anonymously, without disclosing your personal information.
Collection and use of personal and health data
The Wyndham City Council website only collects or records personal information you choose to provide through our Contact us section, subscription to various eNewsletters, initiatives or programs updates and financial transactions. As part of our commitment to customer service, we may periodically invite you to provide feedback about your experience via a survey. Any survey is voluntary and you do not have to participate.
Where possible, you have the option of not identifying yourself when entering into a transaction with the Wyndham City Council. However, there may be instances where this is not feasible. For example, there is no requirement for an individual to identify themselves if they just want to report an incident (e.g. a toilet block maintained by Wyndham City Council requires cleaning). However, if an individual contacts the Wyndham City Council because they want a new rubbish bin – we are unable to provide the new bin without knowing the person’s name and address.
Wyndham City Council staff use personal information collected from email and survey sources to respond to individuals and discuss their particular enquiries. Survey results may also be shared with actioning areas within the organisation to evaluate and improve the customer service experience.
Email addresses and any other contact details you provide will not be added to mailing lists without your consent.
Disclosure of personal information
Wyndham City Council will take all necessary measures to prevent unauthorised access to, or disclosure of, your personal information.
External organisations to which personal information is disclosed include Wyndham City Council’s contracted Service Providers who perform various services for and on behalf Wyndham City Council. These contractors have agreed to be bound by the provisions of the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (VIC). Information provided to these contractors is limited to contact details provided by you whilst contacting us.
We will also ensure that your personal information is not disclosed to other individuals, institutions and authorities outside Council except if required or authorised by law or explicitly permitted by you. For example, in the event of an investigation into suspected unlawful or improper activity, a law enforcement agency or government agency may exercise its legal authority to inspect the web server's records (e.g. in relation to hacking or abusive messages).
Agencies and businesses that we may need to forward your contact details to include but are not limited to:
Department of Economic Development, Jobs, Transport and Resources
Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning
Public Records Office Victoria
Victoria Police
VicRoads
All above mentioned agencies and Councils are subject to privacy legislations.
Access and Correction
Requests for access to documents containing personal information and held by the Wyndham City Council are handled under the Freedom of Information Act 1982 and can be addressed to the:
Freedom of Information Officer,
Wyndham City Council,
PO Box 197, Werribee VIC 3030
Collection and use of site visit data
Cookies are used on our site, but they do not collect any personal information. For the most part they are sessional and just contain system-generated values to identify the user's session for statistical and system administration purposes only.
Clickstream data refers to visitor logs and statistics that provide useful information about users’ online experience without identifying individuals. We collect the following clickstream data for statistical and system administration purposes:
your server (or IP) address
the day and time you visited the site
the pages you visited on our site
the address of the last page you visited
the operating system you are using
rough geographic location (down to the city)
internet service provider (e.g. Telstra)
the type of browser and version you are using.
To the extent that this data could make you identifiable, we will not attempt to identify individuals from the clickstream data unless required by law or to investigate improper activity in relation to this website.
Security of your personal data
This web site uses secure transmission facilities when appropriate (e.g. financial transactions). You should be aware that there are risks in transmitting information across the Internet. If you are concerned about conveying sensitive material to Wyndham City Council over the Internet, you might prefer to contact us by telephone or mail.
Contact Us
Email to: mail@wyndham.vic.gov.au
