
Our Membership Terms

This is a copy of the current Membership Terms agreed to when registering:

					While the administrators and moderators of this forum will attempt to remove or edit any generally objectionable material as quickly as possible, we do not actively monitor the content of postings and therefore it is impossible to review every message. Therefore you acknowledge that all posts made to these forums express the views/opinions of the author and not the administrator, moderators or webmaster (except for posts by these people) and hence will not be held liable. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, or any user of the forums, are those of the respective author(s). You acknowledge and agree that you use and/or rely on any information obtained through this forum at your own risk. Further legal information about posting can be found Here.

					You agree not to post any false, abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, invasive of a persons privacy, sexually-oriented or any other material that may violate any applicable laws. In addition you agree not to send via email or make any posting that contains abusive, insulting, threatening or bullying language to any other member. Doing so may lead to you being suspended or immediately and permanently banned (and your service provider being informed).
	
					People who have had their accounts suspended or terminated are prohibited from opening new accounts. 
					You are entitled to open ONE membership account only for your sole use - the opening of multiple accounts for the purposes of advertising or causing disruption on the forum will lead to all accounts being suspended or permanently revoked. You are solely responsible for the operation and security of your membership account.

					The IP address of all posts is recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. The use of any IP sharing/masking software such as proxy, VPN, ToR etc during the registration process will likely result in delays and/or your application being denied. 

					You agree that the webmaster, administrator and moderators of this forum have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should they see fit. Members who are consistently disruptive to the smooth running of the forum may have their posting or membership rights revoked. Any questions regarding the operation of the forum should be emailed direct to a Mod or Admin.
Advertising posts are not permitted on the forum, in any form, unless you are a Forum Sponsor.

					As a user you agree to any information you have entered above being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent the webmaster, administrator and moderators cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.

					This forum system uses cookies to store information on your local computer. These cookies do not contain any of the information you have entered above; they serve only to improve your viewing pleasure. The e-mail address is used only for confirming your registration details and password (and for sending new passwords should you forget your current one) please ensure that it is valid and working. As we require a valid and working email address the use of disposable/temporary email accounts is not permitted. The sending of unsolicited commercial emails to members is prohibited. 

					We reserve the right to change these terms & conditions in the future where appropriate.

					By clicking Register you agree to be bound by these conditions.
					
					


Our Cookie Policy

This explains what "cookies" are and how we handle them:
					Most websites you visit will use cookies in order to improve your user experience by enabling that website to 'remember' you, either for the duration of your visit (using a 'session cookie') or for repeat visits (using a 'persistent cookie').

					Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of a website. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier.

					Cookies are basically pieces of information that a Web Site transfers to your pc/laptop/tablet etc to store and sometimes track basic information about your visit. Cookies contain anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits, dates etc.
	
					Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a Web Site if you do so. Cookies are specific to the server that created them and cannot be accessed by other servers, which means they cannot be used to track your movements around the web. Although they do identify a user's computer, cookies do not personally identify customers or passwords.
With whom is any of the information we hold about you shared?

					We will not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
					We will never sell, share, lend or otherwise make available any information relating to our customers or visitors.

					We will only disclose information if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Online Merchants Ltd and its Web Sites, visitors to the Web Sites and customers of our Services.
					


Our Privacy Policy
This explains how we handle data and privacy issues:
					easterncyprus.com/cypruseastern.com(site, website "our website" or "Web Site(s)")
					Online Merchants Ltd (the owner of this site - "we")   

					Firstly we are committed to protecting your privacy when you use our site/services ("Services"). In this policy we explain how and why we collect your information, what we do with it and what controls you have over our use of it.   
 
					From time to time, we add or change functions, features or products to our Web Sites or add or change Services. This, and our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information, may result in periodic changes to this Privacy Policy. As a result, please remember to refer back to this Privacy Policy regularly to review any amendments.
Your acceptance of these Privacy Statement terms   
 
					By using any of the sites within our web site network ("Web Sites") or our Services, you unconditionally agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
What data do we collect and how do we use it?   
 
					We collect and processes information about you in order to either:
					(i) Provide the services that you request;
					(ii) Improve our Services and Web Sites
					(iii) Customise your experience, for example, provide advertisements that we think are relevant to you and which support any specific requests for information you may make through keyword searches;
Log files/IP addresses   
 
					When you visit our Web Sites, we automatically log your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognised by our web server. We use IP addresses to help us administer our Web Sites and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.
Non personal information   
 
					We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to our Web Sites. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Web Sites.
With whom is any of the information we hold about you shared?   
 
					We will not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
					We will never sell, share, lend or otherwise make available any information relating to our customers or visitors.   
 
					We will only disclose information if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Online Merchants Ltd and its Web Sites, visitors to the Web Sites and customers of our Services.   
 
					Our Web Site contains links to the sites of third parties. When you visit these sites, we suggest that you read their privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Security   
 
					We place a great importance on the security of all information associated with our users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to user information. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
Where is the information stored?   
 
					Information which you submit via our Web Sites is stored on hardware located in the European Economic Area. This is necessary in order to process the information and to send you any information you have requested.
 

					


Our Site Policy
This explains our site wide policies for all visitors to our website:

easterncyprus.com/cypruseastern.com(site, website "our website" or "Web Site(s)")
					Online Merchants Ltd (the owner of this site - "we")


(1) Introduction

					These terms of use govern your use of our website; by using our website, you accept these terms of use in full. If you disagree with these terms of use or any part of these terms of use, you must not use our website.
(2) Licence to use website

					Unless otherwise stated, we own the intellectual property rights in the website and selected material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved. All trademarks remain the property of their owners. All topics posted and any comments therein reflect the views of the original author and may not accurately reflect the views of the owners/managers of this site.

					You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms of use.
(3) Membership

					Membership is required to post or reply to topics on this forum and is subject to the separate Membership Terms & Conditions listed. We reserve the right to accept, reject, suspend or otherwise change the status of membership at any time and at our sole discretion.
(4) Privacy Policy

					We are committed to protecting your privacy when you use our services ("Services"). In our Privacy Policy page we explain how and why we collect your information, what we do with it and what controls you have over our use of it.
(5) Acceptable use

					You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.

					You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent.

					You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.
(6) Merchant links

					Our website includes links to third party companies and websites offering for sale goods and/or services. These links are not recommendations.
You acknowledge that:

					(a) we do not vet third party sites, merchants or otherwise;
					(b) we do not check, audit, monitor or control: the identity, credit worthiness or bona fides of third parties, the security of third party merchant websites, or the accuracy of the information published on third party websites;
					(c) we are not party to any contract for the sale or purchase of goods or services entered into between you and any third party; and
					(d) our website contains information supplied by third parties, and we do not check, audit or monitor the accuracy of that information;
						and accordingly we will not be liable to you in relation to any loss or damage arising out of any third party website, any information supplied by a third party, any offer made by a third party, any comments by a third party, or any contract between you and a third party.

					All the information provided through this website is supplied "as is", with no guarantees of any type, neither expressed nor implicit;
(7) Usability

					Access to the website may imply the usage of cookies, although the website can function without usage of them - their function is to facilitate improved surfing. If you do not agree with usage of them, you can change your browser settings to this end.

					We are not responsible if you cannot access the Site properly or at all because of any event outside our control, for example (without limitation) the performance of your or our ISP, your browser or the Internet.

					The Site relies in part on software to work. Software has bugs. Whilst we will monitor the Site and try to fix bugs, we cannot guarantee that the Site or any individual feature of the Site will be error free and/or available all the time.
(8) Validity of these Terms

					If any part or provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity of any other part or provision.
(9) Jurisdiction and applicable law

					These Terms are governed by English law. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute relating to these Terms.
					

