

2.1 General.
                                            We use your Collected Information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our Site's content, layout and service specifically for you.
                                            We may use your Collected Information to service your Account with us, including but not limited to investigating problems, resolving disputes and enforcing agreements with us.
                                            We may share certain aggregate information based on analysis of Collected Information with our partners, customers, advertisers or potential Users.
                                            We may use your Collected Information to execute marketing campaigns, promotions or advertising messages on behalf of third parties; however, in these circumstances, your Collected Information will not be disclosed to such third parties unless you respond to the marketing, promotion or advertising message.


2.2 Registration Information.
                                            We may use your Registration Information to provide services that you request or to contact you regarding additional services about which EC Plaza determines that you might be interested.
                                            Specifically, we may use your email address, mailing address, phone number or fax number to contact you regarding notices, surveys, product alerts, new service or product offerings and communications relevant to your use of our Site.
                                            We may generate reports and analysis based on the Registration Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions.


2.3 Publishing Information.
                                            All of your Publishing Information will be publicly available on the Site and therefore accessible by any internet user.
                                            Any Publishing Information that you disclose to EC Plaza becomes public information and you relinquish any proprietary rights (including but not limited to the rights of confidentiality and copyrights) in such information.
                                            You should exercise caution when deciding to include personal or proprietary information in the Publishing Information that you submit to us.


2.4 Payment Information.
                                            EC Plaza will share your Payment Information with banks or vendors relevant to the transaction in order to enable transactions to be completed. In addition, EC Plaza may use Payment Information to determine your credit-worthiness and, in the process of such determination, EC Plaza may make such Payment Information available to banks or credit agencies.
                                            Any credit card information that you provide through the Site is directly submitted to a payment server of the credit card processing bank. EC Plaza does not maintain electronic or physical copies of your credit card information.
                                            While EC Plaza has in place up-to-date technology and internal procedures to guard your Payment Information against intruders, there is no guarantee that such technology or procedure can eliminate all of the risks of theft, loss or mis-use.
                                            EC Plaza shall not be liable to you or any other person for any damages that might result from unauthorized use, publication, disclosure or any other mis-use of Payment Information, including credit card information.


2.5 Statistical Information.
                                            We use Statistical Information to help diagnose problems with and maintain our computer servers, to manage our Site, and to enhance your Site and services based on the usage pattern data we receive.
                                            We may generate reports and analysis based on the Statistical Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions.
                                            We may provide Statistical Information to third parties, but when we do so, we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission.


