
Our Commitment

		Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd's Privacy Policy is a statement recognising the right to keep personal information private and because we value highly the participation and interaction that the visitors to Careforkids.com.au have with the products and services we provide.
	

		Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd makes every effort to ensure that the personal information it collects from visitors is secured and protected from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modifications or disclosure.
	

		This statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
	


Legislative Background

		The Privacy Act 1988 protects personal information about individuals handled by organisations. Personal information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual or allows their identity to be readily worked out from the information. It includes information such as a person's name, address, financial information, marital status or billing details. Some personal information, including information about ethnicity, religion and health is considered to be sensitive.
	

		You consent to allow Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd to collect personal information about you, including information that is considered to be sensitive, so as to permit Care for Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd to carry out its services and activities. You can access any personal information Care for Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd has about you unless such access is or can be refused under the Privacy Act 1988.
	


Collection of data

		In general, Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd automatically gather's certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site. We only use such data in the aggregate. This collective data helps us to improve our service to you. We may also provide statistical (non-personal data) to our Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd partners and advertisers about how CareforKids.com.au visitors use this site.
	

		We collect this automatic data as follows:
	

		(i) Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
	

		(ii) CareforKids.com.au collects anonymous information through cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data containing a unique identification number that is sent to your browser from a Web server, and is stored on your computer's hard drive. The unique ID number identifies your browser to Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd's computers whenever you visit. Cookies do not enable anyone to access personally identifiable information that you have not already given us. Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd primarily uses cookies to connect members with account information stored on Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd's computers.
	

		This helps Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd deliver a better and more personalised service. Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd also uses cookies to estimate CareforKids.com.au's audience size for advertisers, and to track user preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to either notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse them altogether. Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd relies on cookies to preserve the CareforKids.com.au identity you have created while logged on. If you choose to not accept cookies, you cannot participate as a registered member and will not be able to access some areas of the site.
	

		In addition, our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, address, telephone, and email address). In the event that a user engages a carer or child care provider via our site then we will provide the user's contact information to the engaged carer and child care provider. Without such information, it is not possilbe to utilise some of the services available on the site.
	

		We endeavour to take reasonable steps to ensure that all personal information we have is accurate, complete and up-to-date.

	

		We also hold contact and personal information about carers, and by providing your details to Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd, the carers authorise Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd to pass on the personal information to Parents but not the contact information.
	

		We may also use the information to send to users information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners and/or advertisers. The contact information is also used to contact the user when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings, or be removed from our database by contacting Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd.
	

		Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for services. All confidential credit card information required by the site is not read or saved by the site but is simply passed on to PayPal for processing via 128mb encrypted secure communications.
	

		We have chosen PayPal as they are the worlds leading provider of online payment systems.
	


Contact Us

		If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd you can contact us in the following ways:
	

Email: enquiries@careforkids.com.au
Telephone: (02) 9235 2807 
Fax: (02) 9235 3111


Post: Care for Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd
PO Box 543
Balmain NSW 2041


