
The following are the terms and conditions of accessing and using Outlookindia.com and outlook india windows store apps
The website Outlookindia.com as well as outlook india windows store apps (hereinafter 'website') , developed and operated by M/s Outlook Publishing (India) Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956, with its Registered Office at 'Rahejas', 4th Floor, Corner of Main Avenue and VP Road, Santa Cruz (West) Mumbai 400025 (hereinafter 'OPIPL') is offered to the user/s (hereinafter 'visitor/s') upon the terms and conditions that follow.
Use of the website constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions, which take effect on the date that the visitor first accesses and/or uses the website.

DISCLAIMER
VISITOR TO COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
 LEGAL NOTICE
GOVERNING lAW AND JURISDICTION
 VISITOR'S COVENANTS
RESERVATION BY OPIPL

DISCLAIMER
The website and all content, material, information, suggestions, advice, names, text, graphics, pictures, logos, icons, images and links relating to OPIPL, to Outlookindia.com, to its products and services or to third-party products and services (hereinafter 'content'), is provided on an 'as is' basis, without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty or guarantee of any kind, whether express or implied, including without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property rights, completeness, compatibility, reliability, accuracy, security, satisfactory quality, suitability or fitness for any particular purpose. OPIPL does not endorse or subscribe to the suggestions, advice and views of the authors of the content.
The visitor understands that except for the information, products and services clearly identified as being supplied by OPIPL, OPIPL does not operate, control or endorse any information, products, or services appearing on the website in any way. All other information, products and services offered through the website are offered by third parties, which are not affiliated in any manner to OPIPL.
OPIPL does not warrant that the files available through the website (for downloading or otherwise) will be free of infection or viruses, bugs or other codes that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. OPIPL does not warrant that the functions contained in the material available on or comprised in the website will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that any such defects will be corrected by OPIPL. OPIPL does not make any representation with regard to the full functionality, accuracy or reliability of the website or the server that makes it available.
The visitor shall be responsible for implementing sufficient procedures to satisfy the visitor's requirements for safety and accuracy of data-input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the website for reconstructing any lost data.
In no event shall OPIPL or its content providers be liable for any damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, special, consequential and/or incidental, including without limitation, damages arising from loss of data or information, loss of profits, business interruption, or arising from the access and/or use or inability to access and/or use content and/or any service available on the website, even if OPIPL is advised of the possibility of such loss. OPIPL may change content at any time without notice. OPIPL makes no commitment to update content.
VISITOR'S COVENANTS
Any material, information or other communication that the visitor transmits or posts to the website shall be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. OPIPL shall have no liability or obligation with respect to such material, information or communications. OPIPL and its designees shall be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and/or otherwise use such material, information and communications for any purpose, whether commercial or non-commercial. The visitor is prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the website any threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or otherwise offensive material, or material that would violate any law or sensibility of any person. OPIPL shall not be liable or responsible in any manner whatsoever to the visitor for any consequences arising from violation of the foregoing prohibition.
The visitor hereby grants to OPIPL a non-exclusive, royalty-free, world-wide, perpetual license in respect of any material and information, including without limitation, ideas contained therein, that the visitor submits to the website by e-mail or by any other means and in any medium/s now known or hereafter developed, including the right to sub-license, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works from, or publicly display and/or perform such material and information.
The visitor also grants to OPIPL the right to use the visitor's name in connection with the material and other information submitted as well as in connection with any advertising, marketing and promotional material related thereto. The visitor agrees that the visitor shall have no recourse against OPIPL on grounds of any alleged infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in such information and communication. 
VISITOR TO COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
The website is controlled by OPIPL from its principal offices within the geographical boundaries of New Delhi, India. OPIPL makes no representation that the content is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Access to the website from territories where the content is illegal is prohibited. Visitors who access the website from other locations do so at their own initiative and risk and shall be responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
LEGAL NOTICE
The content on the website is provided by OPIPL as a service to the visitor and may be used for informational purposes only. The content does not constitute, and shall not be construed as, financial, investment, taxation or legal advice to the visitor. OPIPL's objective is only to keep visitors better informed and help them decide for themselves. OPIPL does not accept responsibility for any investment decisions made by visitors on the basis of content. OPIPL shall not be liable or responsible in any manner whatsoever to the visitor or to any third party for any consequences, including without limitation financial consequences, arising from use of the content.
Content is protected by copyright, trademark and other applicable law/s. The owner of copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights therein are OPIPL, its affiliates and/or other third party/ies. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as conferring upon the visitor, by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or other right in respect of intellectual property comprised in the content or any part thereof.
Downloading content from the website shall be subject to the terms, conditions, limitations and liabilities as may govern such intellectual property, in whomsoever vesting. For details of such terms, conditions, limitations and liabilities please refer to the concerned website/link. If the visitor does not agree to such terms, conditions, limitations and liabilities, the visitor should not access, use or download content.
The visitor shall not alter, modify, de-compile, dis-assemble, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute content in any manner whatsoever. The visitor may print and download portions of content, where permissible, solely for the visitor's personal non-commercial use and provided the visitor agrees not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from such content.
Other sites
								Outlookindia.com contains many links to other sites on the Web. OPIPL cannot control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other Web sites.
RESERVATION BY OPIPL
OPIPL reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online. The visitor shall be responsible for reviewing regularly such information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Continued access and/or use of the website after the changes are posted shall constitute acceptance of the modified terms and conditions. 
The visitor agrees to use the website only for lawful purposes, and only in a manner that does not infringe the rights or restricts or inhibits the use and enjoyment of the website by any other party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct that may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue within the website.
OPIPL reserves the right to bar access to the website for any visitor/s or to terminate subscriptions to specific service/s available on the website, at its sole and absolute discretion, without requirement of assigning any reason thereof and without any liability whatsoever.
GOVERNING lAW AND JURISDICTION
The access and use of the website and these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. Any disputes arising herefrom shall be subject exclusively to the jurisdiction of the courts of law at Delhi, India. If these terms and conditions are not accepted in full, the access and use of the website must be discontinued immediately.
Cookie Policy for Outlook Publishing India Pvt. Ltd
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
								For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies
								
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users. 


From time to time we offer user surveys and questionnaires to provide you with interesting insights, helpful tools, or to understand our user base more accurately. These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already taken part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change pages.


When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.


In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.






Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.


This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.


For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.


The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.


For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.
								
							
