
How We Collect Information We collect information directly from you:
From time to time you will be asked to, or will need to, provide personal details about yourself, such as when: You shop on this site; You register to become a customer You submit enquiries to us/contact us You enter any online promotions or competitions You use our products and services You submit information to us by participating in surveys
We may also employ third parties to provide website services on our behalf. In such cases, if they collect any data on their own behalf, they will provide their own privacy policy. We advise you to read any new policy carefully. We do, however, endeavor to ensure that any partners we use apply the same high standards of privacy and security over your information.
What Information do we collect? In various areas of this website we ask you for information. This may include such information as your name, shipping address, telephone number, your use of products and services, debit or credit card details and other payment information. For example: When you place an order with us we need to know your name, e-mail address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and expiry date or banking details, as appropriate. This enables us to process your order. We might ask you if you want to enter a competition or promotion. For this we will usually ask for an e-mail address and/or phone number. We may ask you for information about yourself and your phone use to help you decide which, if any, of our products and services would suit you best.
Why We Collect Information We may use and analyze information about you for the following purposes: To provide you with access to parts of this site; To process your order; To supply services and/or tickets/products that you have ordered To contact you if necessary and to verify that you are an authorized user for security purposes; To arrange for payment of goods and/or services purchased; To inform you of any service related message or of any new services or functionality; To assist us with crime and fraud prevention; To help us enhance the products and services that we offer you;
Changes to this Policy We will keep this policy under review and any changes made from time to time will be posted on this page. We will notify you of any changes with a link to this privacy policy on the checkout and login pages of this site.
Security You must not share your password for any website or checkout access. Your passwords and the answers to secret questions are your responsibility, and must not be disclosed to any third party. This is also important for your own protection.
We are constantly reviewing our procedures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, accidental loss and/or destruction. We use industry standard secure sockets layer (SSL) technology, to encrypt sensitive information such as financial information e.g. your credit card. Please be aware that communications over the Internet, such as e-mails are not secure unless they have been encrypted. Your communications may route through a number of countries before being delivered - this is the nature of the Internet. We cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorized access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.
Cookies A "cookie" is a piece of information, like a tag, which some websites create on your PC which identifies your PC whenever you visit that website. In order to provide you with the best possible online experience, we may create a cookie(s) when you visit our Online Shop. Cookies may be used to help you in the following ways: to limit the frequency with which you will see particular advertisements; to identify your options if you have voted or submitted a product review; to keep track of how many times you do specific things whilst using our online shopping, to track where you have come from if you were referred to our website. Our cookies will not be used to analyze your visits to other sites.

