TermsBy using this website you are deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions of use.
	   CRITICAL Manufacturing SA and its subsidiaries have truly made every possible effort to ensure the accuracy and actuality of all the information contained in this website. Notwithstanding our commitment to provide updated information, this website should not be considered a strict guide about the products and services offered by Critical Manufacturing SA, and does not constitute a confirmed offer to sell or solicitation to buy any product or service.

	   All copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights, including databases in the website and its content, are property of CRITICAL Manufacturing SA, were authorized for CRITICAL Manufacturing SA, or are used in conformity with current legislation or apply to the holder of those rights. It is prohibited to copy, reproduce, re-edit, download, publish, broadcast or transmit any text, image, graphic, logotype, or icon that appears on the website as well as its selection or character of any software or underlying source, for any public or private purpose, without the prior written authorization of CRITICAL Manufacturing SA or of the holder of rights.

	   It is forbidden to adapt, modify or recreate all the information materials that appear on this website or utilize them for any other purpose that is not strictly personal and non-profit. The user accepts to access the website only for lawful purposes.

	   CRITICAL Manufacturing SA reserves the right to use any material, including texts and images sent to the website for its own purpose, at the website or any other form, including marketing purposes. CRITICAL Manufacturing SA reserves the right to supervise, edit and delete all the documents that have been sent to the website.

	   Due to the inherent nature of the Internet, errors, interruptions and delays may occur in the service at any time. Accordingly, this website is provided without any warranties of any kind and CRITICAL Manufacturing does not accept any liability arising from any interruption in availability.

	   Although every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the information on this website, CRITICAL Manufacturing provides it on a "For Information Only" basis and disclaims all liability for any errors, omissions and inaccuracies.

	   Nothing in these Terms of Use shall restrict or exclude any liability that CRITICAL Manufacturing has to any party that cannot be excluded by law. These Terms of Use shall be governed by Portuguese law and the Portugal courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising in relation to this website. If these conditions are considered illegal, invalid or unenforceable due to the legislation of other country or state, they will be excluded from this document. All the other Terms will remain in place, binding and enforceable. CRITICAL Manufacturing SA reserves the right to change, at any moment, any of its terms and conditions, publishing the changes on the internet. Where the user is unable to accept the conditions in their entirety, you should leave the website immediately.
Read moreRead lessPrivacy PolicyCRITICAL Manufacturing S.A respects the privacy of all individuals. 
	  Any collected personal data will be treated by CRITICAL Manufacturing S.A, firstly, to answer any service that you request, and secondly, to, with your consent , improve the service and the way how we serve it, given them the opportunity to know promotions or doing other marketing activities.

	     Your personal data will be only be shared with companies of the CRITICAL Manufacturing Group, and other companies carefully selected which they have commercial ties, that can bring new benefits for the costumers, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable law.

	     Your personal data will be processed within the European Economic Area.

	     You have the right, as an individual, to check the information that we hold about you and to make changes and updates of them or oppose to it use under the terms of law. If you have any specific question or if you want oppose the use of your personal data, based on legally valid reasons, please direct your request by writing to the following address: CRITICAL Manufacturing SA, Rua Engº Frederico Ulrich, nº 2650, 4470-605 Moreira da Maia, Portugal.

	     We emphasize that we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
What information do we collect?
	     We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website, such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views;Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us;Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters;Any other information that you choose to send to us.Cookies
	     We may use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.

	     We may send a cookie which may be stored on by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website and to improve the website’s usability. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you.

	     We utilize the following types of cookies:
Preferences: These cookies allow the website to remember the choice of country made by the user, automatically showing this choice on subsequent visits.Safety: These cookies are used for authenticate registered users, ensuring that the session remains active while the user navigates across multiple pages.Statistics: This website uses Google Analytics service to analyze usage statistics. See detailed information about Privacy Policy and Cookies of Google Analytics.
	     It´s possible to disable cookies after accept them. Most browsers allow you to refuse cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, possibly including this one. We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
 Using your personal data
	     Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.

	     We may use your personal information to:
Administer the website;Improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;Enable your use of the services available on the website;Send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications unless you specifically request us otherwise;Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;Send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications by contacting us: contact@criticalmanufacturing.com );Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
	     We will never use your personal information without your express consent to provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing or for any purpose that is not expressly authorized.
 Other disclosures
	     In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law;In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights;To the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling.
	     Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will NEVER provide your information to third parties.
 International data transfers
	     Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
 Security of your personal data
	     We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.

	     Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
 Policy amendments
	     We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. Whenever this occurs, our website will post a notice on the home page informing that a new privacy policy has been implemented.
 Your rights
	     You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you.

	     You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes at any time (contact us). (This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it ). (In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes.)
Third Party Websites
	     The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Updating Information
	     Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Contact
	     If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please contact us, or by post to CRITICAL Manufacturing SA, Rua Engº Frederico Ulrich, nº 2650, 4470-605 Moreira da Maia, Portugal.
Read moreRead less