
							What do we do with your data?
						HBG and selected partners acting on our behalf may process and use your personal data
to provide leisure services and products to youto make websites available to youto improve our understanding of our customers and to improve the services we provide to themto manage accounts that you set up with usto verify your identityfor crime and fraud prevention and detectionfor the purposes of maintaining the safety and security of our customers and team membersfor market research purposes after your visitto help us manage customer service communications with youto contact you about promotional offers and services which we think may interest youwhere we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your data for example for maintaining adequate accounting records; or in relation to an investigation by a public authority; or in a legal dispute or insurance claim.HBG never rents or sells personal data to third parties for their marketing purposes.
Marketing communications
HBG may use your personal data for electronic marketing purposes primarily where we aim to update you about offers and services which we believe are of interest and relevance to you. We will only do so where we have a lawful basis to do so.
You have the right to opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time, by:the “unsubscribe” link in emails or the “STOP” number for texts; and/orchanging marketing preferences via your HBG account;contacting HBG via the contact details listed below.In order to contact you about services and offers that are relevant to you, we may analyse your browsing and purchasing activity, both on-line, via our customer contact centre or in our centres as well as your responses to our marketing communications. We may use software and other automated technology to help us to do this analysis.
Online advertising
If you visit our websites, you may subsequently see banner advertisements from us whilst browsing other websites. These advertisements are provided by HBG via specialist media providers using ‘cookies’ placed on your computer or other devices. Please see our cookie policy for further information.
Sharing data with third parties
In order to provide our services, securely fulfil transactions and provide you relevant marketing communications, we may need to share your personally identifiable data or anonymised data with selected partners including payment processing companies, IT service providers (such as hosting companies), analytics companies and marketing services agencies.
HBG only allows its service partners to handle your personal data when they conform to the appropriate data protection and security controls. Our service partners have obligations relating to data protection and security restricting their use of your data to provide services to HBG and to you, and for no other purposesWe never sell or rent our customer data to other organisations for marketing purposesAside from our service partners, HBG will not disclose your personal data to any third party, except as listed below
governmental bodies, regulators, law enforcement agencies, courts/tribunals and insurers where we are legally required to do soto comply with our legal obligationsto exercise our legal rights (for example in court cases)for the prevention, detection, investigation of crime or prosecution of offenders; andfor the protection of our team members and customers.
