Description
When is this right applicable?
Right of access to Personal Information
 
You have the right to receive a copy of the Personal Information we hold about you and information about how we use it.
 
This right is applicable at all times when we hold your Personal Information (subject to certain exemptions).    
Right to rectification of Personal Information
 
You have the right to ask us to correct Personal Information we hold about you where it is incorrect or incomplete.
This right is applicable at all times when we hold your Personal Information (subject to certain exemptions).
Right to erasure of Personal Information
 
This right is sometimes referred to as 'the right to be forgotten'.  This right entitles you to request that your Personal Information be deleted or removed from our systems and records.  However, this right only applies in certain circumstances.
Examples of when this right applies to Personal Information we hold include (subject to certain exemptions):

when we no longer need the Personal Information for the purpose we collected it;
if you withdraw consent to our use of your information and no other legal justification supports our continued use of your information;
if you object to the way we use your information and we have no overriding grounds to continue using it;
if we have used your Personal Information unlawfully; and
if the Personal Information needs to be erased for compliance with law.

Right to restrict processing of Personal Information
 
You have the right to request that we suspend our use of your Personal Information.  However, this right only applies in certain circumstances.
 
Where we suspend our use of your Personal Information we will still be permitted to store your Personal Information, but any other use of this information while our use is suspended will require your consent, subject to certain exemptions.
 
You can exercise this right if:

you think that the Personal Information we hold about you is not accurate, but this only applies for a period of time that allows us to consider if your Personal Information is in fact inaccurate;
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your Personal Information and request the restriction of its use instead;
we no longer need the Personal Information for the purposes we have used it to date,  but the Personal Information is required by you in connection with legal claims; or
you have objected to our processing of the Personal Information and we are considering whether our reasons for processing override your objection.

 
Right to data portability
 
This right allows you to obtain your Personal Information in a format which enables you to transfer that Personal Information to another organisation.  However, this right only applies in certain circumstances.
 
You may have the right to have your Personal Information transferred by us directly to the other organisation, if this is technically feasible.
This right will only apply:
 

to Personal Information you provided to us;

 

where we have justified our use of your Personal Information based on:

o    your consent; or
o    the fulfilment by us of a contract with you; and
 

if our use of your Personal Information is by electronic means.

 
Right to object to processing of Personal Information
 
You have the right to object to our use of your Personal Information in certain circumstances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You can object to our use of your Personal Information where you have grounds relating to your particular situation and the legal justification we rely on for using your Personal Information is our (or a third party's) legitimate interests.
 
However, we may continue to use your Personal Information, despite your objection, where there are compelling legitimate grounds to do so or we need to use your Personal Information in connection with any legal claims.  
 
This right is different where it relates to direct marketing and you can read about how to exercise your right to opt-out of receiving any direct marketing in the 'How can you tell us about your marketing preferences?' section of this Privacy Policy.
 
 
You can also object to the use of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes at any time (including if we are carrying out profiling related to direct marketing).
 
Rights relating to automated decision making and profiling
 
You have the right not to be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing (without human involvement) where that decision produces a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you. However, this right only applies in certain circumstances.
 
 
This right is not applicable if:
 
·         we need to make the automated decision in order to enter into or fulfil a contract with you;
·         we are authorised by law to take the automated decision; or
·         you have provided your explicit consent to the decision being taken in this way using your Personal Information.
 
Right to withdraw consent to processing of Personal Information
 
Where we have relied upon your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw that consent.
 
This right only applies where we process Personal Information based upon your consent.  
Right to complain to the relevant data protection authority
 
If you think that we have processed your Personal Information in a manner that is not in accordance with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the data protection regulator.  If you live or work in an EEA member state, you may complain to the regulator in that state.
 
This right applies at any time.
Right to provide instructions regarding the management of your Personal Information after your death (only where such right applies under applicable law)
 
You may have the right to inform us of instructions on how we manage the Personal Information we hold about you after your death.
This right is applicable at all times when we hold your Personal Information (only where such right applies under applicable law).
