
Site privacy policy
Bayleys has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. This document discloses our information gathering and usage practices. For additional information about Bayleys, please review our Terms and Conditions.
 Use of your information  
Bayleys does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
Bayleys collects personal information about you through your use of the Services and the Website, including your registration details and information relating to your use of the Website and the content you access.  Bayleys may use this personal information to help us provide the Services to you, to verify your identity, to enforce or apply our terms and conditions, to protect the rights, property, or safety of Bayleys Realty Group Limited, our users, or others, for internal research purposes, for promoting and marketing other Bayleys products and Services to you, and for any other use that you authorise.
We release personal information only when we believe release is appropriate for legal compliance and law enforcement (including to government agencies with statutory law enforcement responsibilities); to facilitate court proceedings; enforce or apply our terms and conditions; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Bayleys Realty Group Limited, our users, or others. Government agencies with statutory roles enabling them to request data from us includes but is not restricted to Police, IRD and the Ministry Of Economic Development. Members can contact Bayleys to ask whether such information has been provided.
Email
It is the policy of Bayleys to send registered users communications via email. Further, it is our policy to remove any registered user from any mailing list upon the user’s request. Bayleys may send e-newsletters and other electronic communications to registered users. E-Newsletters will contain clear and obvious instructions for how the user can remove himself or herself from that mailing list.
Emailing tools
Bayleys provides facilities throughout the site to refer a friend to Bayleys or to send information about a specific property or service to a friend. You may not use the "Email this listing to a friend" service or other email forwarding services that we offer to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our privacy policy or Terms and Conditions.
Login and registration
Our site's registration form requires you to provide us contact information and may also require demographic information. We may use your contact information from the registration form to send you information about our company and promotional material from some of our affiliated partners. Your contact information is also used to contact you when necessary.
Updating your personal information
Bayleys provides you with ways in which you can update your personal information, including changing your email address, password, phone number, etc. Bayleys will store previous email addresses against your profile to ensure compliance with our Terms and Conditions - specifically the use of one account per user.
Control of your password
You are responsible for all actions taken with your user name, email address and password. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your Bayleys password to any third parties. If you choose to share your user name, email address and password or your information with third parties to provide you additional services, you are responsible for all actions taken with this information and therefore you should review that third party's privacy policy.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer. Ensure you logout when you have finished visiting Bayleys, especially if you access Bayleys from a shared computer.
Cookies and local storage
Bayleys uses various technologies, including cookies and local storage, to collect and store information about you when you visit Bayleys.
Cookies and local storage allow us to store information (including your personal information) in a file on the device you use to access Bayleys. We use cookies and local storage to deliver information and fresh content specific to your interests and to improve the experience of using Bayleys. Cookies and local storage are widely used.
Bayleys uses "session" cookies to temporarily store information to help you use Bayleys. This information is used to deliver the right content to you as you use Bayleys and avoids unnecessarily asking you to log in. Session cookies expire immediately when you close your browser or are deleted after 30 minutes of no activity on Bayleys.
Bayleys also uses "persistent" cookies and local storage to personalise the user experience, to help protect our members and to provide us with research information (such as how often members visit Bayleys each month). Persistent cookies allow us to track users on Bayleys and helps us identify users abusing the Bayleys service. A persistent auto-login cookie is also stored when you select the "remember me" option when logging in. The auto-login cookie is removed if you log out.
Bayleys also participates in Google's AdWords pay-per-click advertising programme. AdWords advertisements appear on Google's search result pages and on the Google Display Network.  Bayleys ads may also appear on other websites in the Google Display Network.  Google uses cookies to target ads to you, including to measure the number of Google users that click on certain advertisements and visit certain Bayleys pages, or who complete certain actions on Bayleys (like adding an item to a Watchlist). 
Google provides this data to Bayleys without identifying users. View Google's privacy policy. Third party links
Bayleys contains non-advertising links to a variety of third party sites to enhance the user experience. Bayleys has no control of either the content or privacy policies of such sites, nor should such links be considered an endorsement of these sites except where otherwise noted.
Other information we collect
We use additional information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behaviour to better understand and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address.
Users who login have their IP addresses recorded. This information will only be provided to legal authorities in cases of suspected fraud or for law enforcement purposes. This information is stored securely and will not be provided to other members or non-authorised parties.
Registration removal
If you wish to have your registration removed from our directory for any reason, you may send us an email requesting this.  
Nielsen Online - NZ internet statistics
Bayleys, like most large New Zealand websites, uses the Nielsen Online counting system to collect information such as the number of visitors per day or the number of pages requested per day. To do this, Bayleys has a small piece of code on each page which counts these statistics. This enables us to see where we are in the "top 10" list of New Zealand websites.
For more information, view the Nielsen Online privacy policy.
Updates to our information practices
From time to time, we make changes to our information practices or alter the functionality of our website. We always update this statement accordingly, so we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at Bayleys. If you have any questions about our privacy policies or any other matter, please contact us.

