
Big Planet Adventures Pty Ltd Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement explains in general terms how Big Planet Adventures Pty Ltd protects the privacy of your personal information under the relevant privacy and personal information and protection laws.  It will apply to any personal information you provide to us when making a booking with us via our online websites and under any other agreement or arrangement.
This Privacy Statement will also apply to any information about you that is provided to us by someone else such as a travel agent.
What personally identifiable information is collected by Big Planet Adventures Pty Ltd?
When you request us to make your travel arrangements, we may collect details such as your name, address, flight and other travel details, credit card number and expiry date, billing address, telephone numbers, dietary requirements (if any) and medical conditions relevant to your travel arrangements. As we are required by law to obtain your consent to the collection of "sensitive information" we will assume that you have consented to the collection of all information that is provided to us for use in accordance with this Statement, unless you tell us otherwise. There may be occasions when we collect information about you from a third party, for example from people booking travel on your behalf.
How is your Personal Information used?
When you supply information about yourself for a specific purpose, we use the information for only that purpose (i.e. to provide the service or information you have requested). If making a booking with us, additional information will be required for operational reasons.
We are anti-spam, and do not share, sell or rent information to any third parties. If you receive information from Big Planet Adventures Pty Ltd, it is because you have asked to hear from us, agreed to join our mail list, or a friend / colleague has requested it on your behalf and you have confirmed this to us or we have contacted you through publicly accessible directories or databases.
Security
Personally identifiable information is stored on servers that are not publicly accessible. Further, personally identifiable information is only accessed by Big Planet Adventures Pty Ltd employees on a "need to know" basis. Credit Card details are NOT stored on our database when you book, or buy products on our site.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
We may disclose your personal information to third parties (for example, to our contractors to whom we contract out certain services), for the purpose for which the information was collected or for related purposes, for example to provide you with a service that you requested.   In these situations, we prohibit the third party contractor from using personal information about you except for the specific purpose for which we supply it.
Other than the above, we will not disclose your personal information without your consent unless disclosure is either necessary to prevent a threat to life or health, authorised or required by law, reasonably necessary to enforce the law or necessary to investigate a suspected unlawful activity.

Transfer of Information Overseas
We may transfer to people in foreign countries any of your personal information to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, for example: Airlines, hotels and other travel and freight service providers.
In most cases the transfer will be necessary for the performance of our contract with you or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken in response to a request by you or for the performance of a contract with a third party which is concluded in your interests. Please let us know if you have any objections to such transfers.
Choice to Opt-out
If you have registered to receive communications from us and later change your mind, you may write to us via our online contact us form to delete you from our mailing list.
Access & Correction of Information About You
If you would like to verify the data we have received from you or to make corrections to it, you may contact us directly by e-mailing via our online contact us form.
Anonymous information collected
In order to ensure that our websites are relevant and appropriate to the majority of users, anonymous clickstream information is collected from every visitor to this site. This includes pages viewed, date and time, and browser type. IP numbers are used to determine domain type and in some cases, geographic region. We do not make any association between this information and a visitor's identity.
How does this site use cookies?
Big Planet Adventures Pty Ltd uses cookies as you visit pages on the website, to facilitate some functions. A cookie’s main objective is to identify users and personalise their visit by customising web pages for them. They are used to recognise your computer, so that you do not have to re enter the same information each time you access our sites. A web server gives a message to a web browser. The message is then stored by the browser in a text file.
Links
This site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.

