ARPANSA is committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the Privacy Commissioner’s Guidelines for Federal and ACT government Websites. The guidelines set out the requirements for transparent collection, appropriate and ethical use and secure storage of personal information. Our aim is to provide an online environment which will ensure the information you provide to us is handled in a secure, efficient and confidential manner.
Information collection and privacy protection
This statement outlines our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. ARPANSA is subject to the Privacy Act 1988 and these practices have been developed for the purpose of complying with that Act (a copy of the Act is available at the Federal Register of Legislation. Any information you provide to the Agency will only be used for the purpose for which you provide it and will not be disclosed to any other party unless your written consent has been obtained.
Your email address
ARPANSA will only record your email address in the event that you send us a message by email or if you register requesting notifications. Registration for notifications may be made initially by email, postal mail or facsimile. Your email address will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to any mailing lists without your prior consent by way of a specific request in writing. We will not use or disclose your email address for any other purpose, without your prior written consent.
Cookies
ARPANSA uses a 'cookie' for maintaining contact with a user through a website session. A cookie is a small file supplied by ARPANSA and stored by the web browser software on your computer when you access the ARPANSA site. (An explanation of cookies generally can be found at the site of the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner). The cookie allows ARPANSA to recognise you as an individual as you move from one page to another.
All cookies will be immediately lost when you end your internet session and shut down your computer. Our copy of your information will be automatically deleted twenty minutes after you last used the system. This information is only used to help you use our website systems more efficiently, not to track your movements through the internet, or to record private information about you.
Any system on this website that records information about you will specifically ask your permission first.
ARPANSA makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
the user's server address
the user's top level domain name
the date and time of access to the site
pages accessed and documents downloaded
the previous site visited.
This information is analysed to show broken links in our website, bottlenecks, and other site problems. We use this information to redesign for efficiency of use.
No attempt will be made to identify anonymous users or their browsing activities unless legally compelled to do so, such as in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect our web server log files.
Links to other websites
This website contains links to other sites. The Australian Government is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties nor are they responsible for the material contained in a website that is linked to this site.
Personal information
Information provided through the ARPANSA website will comply with the Australian Privacy Principles. See our privacy policy for more information on how ARPANSA manages personal information.
Queries, concerns and further information
If you have any queries, concerns or require further information relating to privacy and ARPANSA, you are invited to contact us.
