
PRIVACY POLICY

      Siber Systems, Inc. ("Siber") provides Systems creates and markets a wide range of software to both professional programmers 
      and the general public. Our most known product, RoboForm is the top-rated password manager and form filler that completely 
      automated password entering and form filling. It affords its users true One-Click Logins.
    

      Because our technology involves passwords, we are sensitive to the private nature of the information you provide to us over 
      the Internet and the phone. Our Privacy Policy is designed to maximize your ability to protect your personal, private data 
      while at the same time giving you the opportunity to share and obtain interesting and useful information. This Privacy Policy 
      describes how we treat information received about you when you visit our website, use or purchase our software. 
      Please read the Privacy Policy carefully.
    
Information We Collect
VISITORS TO ROBOFORM WEBSITE: The RoboForm website may use cookies to track users. RoboForm affiliates and advertisers may also use cookies.

      SOFTWARE REGISTRATION: When you register your software, we will collect personally identifiable information from you. However, 
      we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen. Registration Data is defined as customer 
      name, e-mail address and referrer that a Customer enters into the Registration Dialogue. The Registration Dialogue appears when 
      Customer runs RoboForm for the first time. The registration data may be different from similar data stored in Customer's RoboForm Identity.
    

      PERSONAL DATA YOU STORE IN ROBOFORM: All data that a Customer enters into RoboForm Identities, Passcards and Safenotes is securely stored only 
      locally on Customer's computer in files with RFT, RFP and RFN extensions. Customer understands that deletion of or damage to RFT, RFP and RFN 
      files will cause irreversible loss of personal information contained in these files and customer accepts the risk of such loss. 
      We do not collect or have access to any personal information that a Customer inputs into RoboForm Identities, Passcards and Safenotes.
    

      ROBOFORM PRO USERS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM: Personal data of customers that purchase RoboForm Pro, RoboForm2Go Pro, or 
      GoodSync is stored in the RoboForm Pro Users Management System (PUMS). Only the data that customers or their agents 
      enter into the RoboForm Pro purchase web page is stored in the database.
    

      This data shall be used for purchase tracking, reactivation of RoboForm/RoboForm2Go Pro, and GoodSync licenses, 
      refund and chargeback tracking and other customer service purposes.
    
This data also allows Siber to send infrequent product update newsletters and promotional offers to email and postal addresses stored in PUMS.

      NON-TRANSMISSION OF PERSONAL DATA: RoboForm does NOT transmit any data that is contained in Identities, Passcards and Safenotes over the Internet. 
      However, when the Customer causes RoboForm to fill an online form with such personal data, then submission of this form will result in this data 
      being sent over the Internet.
    
PERSONAL DATA IN ROBOFORM EVERYWHERE:
      All data that Customer enters into RoboForm Identities, 
      Passcards and Safenotes is stored locally on Customer Computer
      or portable disk and on RoboForm Everywhere server.
      If local copy of user data is lost, Customer may obtain 
      copy of this data from RoboForm Everywhere server.
      However, availability of backup copy is NOT guaranteed by Siber
      and Siber shall NOT be held liable, if it cannot produce
      copy of Customer's RoboForm data.
      Customer is hereby encouraged to keep multiple copies of 
      RoboForm user data on his/her computers, disks and devices.
    
TRANSMISSION OF PERSONAL DATA IN ROBOFORM EVERYWHERE:
      RoboForm Everywhere shall transmit Identities, Passcards and Safenotes
      and any other RoboForm data file over the Internet,
      for the purposes of storing backup copy of Customer RoboForm data
      on RoboForm Everywhere server and for purposes of synchronization
      of said data between Customer computers and mobile devices.
      Customer hereby authorizes such transmission.
    
RoboForm does NOT send information about sites that you visit or any information about your browsing to any servers.

      TRANSMISSION OF DATA IN AUTOUPDATE: RoboForm checks Siber Systems servers for new software versions and security patches approximately once a day. 
      If the software finds a newer version, RoboForm will offer you to update to the latest version. The checking of new versions results in technical 
      data such as operating system, browser version and Registration Data to be transmitted to and stored on Siber's servers.
    
How does Siber protect my information from loss, misuse or alteration?
Security

      The personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored on secure, limited access servers. We maintain appropriate 
      safeguards to protect the security, integrity, and privacy of these servers and of your personally identifiable information. 
      Siber uses industry standard protocols to safeguard the confidentiality of personally identifiable information, including secure 
      sockets layer (SSL) encryption and firewalls. Nevertheless, we remind you that no security measure is perfect.
    

      All information contained in RoboForm Identities, Passcards, and Safenotes resides in an encrypted database on your personal computer. 
      The encryption "key" is your master password, so we encourage you to use a strong master password.
    
How We Use Information Collected

      We may use information we receive to enable us to process and verify purchases, to provide you with the goods and services you have requested, 
      and to send infrequent product update newsletters and promotional offers.
    

      We may also use personally identifiable information to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use or share such information with i) the issuer of a 
      criminal or civil subpoena; ii) governmental authorities when legally required to do so; or iii) governmental authorities investigating a crime. 
      We reserve the right to contact you at any time regarding service- related problems or questions as well as changes to our Terms and Conditions 
      of Use, our Privacy Policy, or other policies that affect you and your use of our service.
    
With whom does Siber share the information?

      We never voluntarily share personally identifiable information about any user with any third party without the user's express consent or unless 
      compelled by applicable state and federal laws. We do not and will not license, sell, or rent personally identifiable information collected.
    
Your Ability to Opt In or Opt Out

      Opt In. Email notifications are entirely voluntary. You will not receive such services unless you opt in, i.e., 
      unless you expressly choose to receive these services.
    

      Opt Out. You can notify us that you do not wish to receive information about new products and services 
      and special offers by opting out at the time you enter your personally identifiable information on the Siber.com 
      website or by emailing us at info@siber.com.
    
Cookies

      We employ cookie technology to help visitors and Users move faster through the website. 
      When a visitor or User accesses the roboform.com website and takes advantage of certain features, 
      we may place cookies on that User's computer. A cookie is a string of information sent by a website 
      and stored on your hard drive or temporarily in your computer's memory. This allows the website to 
      recognize you as you move through the website without having to keep asking you for your username and password.
    
Log Files

      As is true of most Websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. 
      This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), 
      referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
    

      We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, 
      to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
    
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
Review and Correction

      You may review and update your personal information in the Registration Data by opening "Options" in RoboForm and clicking 
      the "Version" tab, then clicking "Registration Info" button. Registration Data is not required to be accurate or complete in order to use RoboForm.
    
External Links

      We may make content from affiliated or other third party resources, including other websites, 
      available to you from links located on the website. These resources are not subject to our Privacy Policy, 
      and may have their own individual privacy policy. We recommend that you review the privacy policy at each 
      such resource to determine how it protects your privacy.
    
Policy Modifications

      This privacy policy is subject to change at the sole discretion of Siber Systems, Inc. 
      When we modify the privacy policy, we will post the changes in a revised policy statement. 
      We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically.
    
Comments and Questions

      If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, 
      please email us at privacy@siber.com. For other inquiries, you may 
      contact us at info@siber.com, or 1 (703) 890-0676.
    
This policy was last updated on Feb 27, 2009.

