
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. USING THIS WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY. 
                  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO USE CERTAIN FUNCTIONS ON THIS WEBSITE. 

Our Commitment to Privacy  
                  Mini-Circuits recognizes and respects the importance of individual privacy and values the confidence of its customers. The globalization of business in this increasing electroniceconomy makes the collection of personal information of individuals a necessity. It is our goal to balance the benefits of e-commerce with the preservation of individual privacy rights. 

Collecting Your Information 
                  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personally identifiable information” means information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, personal mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify such natural person but only to the extent such information is (i) collected through the Website by Mini-Circuits directly from the natural person in question; and (ii) is maintained by Mini-Circuits in an accessible form. Personally identifiable information includes (1) a first and last name, (2) a home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or town, (3) an e-mail address, (4) a telephone number, and (5) a social security number. In the course of your use of this Website, Mini-Circuits may collect personally identifiable information from you that includes (1) your first and last name, (2) company or business name, (3) a home or business address, including street name and name of a city or town, (4) an e-mail address, (5) a telephone number, and (7) your credit card information for processing online purchase transactions. 

                  Generally, you browse our Website anonymously. However, in some circumstances, we may request you to provide personally identifiable information. Although, your response to such a request is completely voluntary, there are areas of our Website that require this information such as completing product ordering functions or downloading product characterization information which functions may not be available to those individuals who elect not to provide the information requested. 

Use of Your Information 
                  Mini-Circuits may use the personally identifiable information it collects from you during the course of your use of the Website for a variety of business and marketing purposes including specifically, without limitation, (1) responding to requests for product(s) or product(s) information, (2) processing orders, (3) conducting transactions, (4) for record-keeping and archival purposes pursuant to applicable law, (5) promoting Website development and registration, (6) customer service purposes, and (7) to contact and correspond with you for marketing and other business purposes. 

                  Additionally, pursuant to your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, you hereby acknowledge, agree, and consent to receive e-mail communications from Mini-Circuits for purposes of, among other things, to receive (1) marketing material, promotional offers, events, and news related to Mini-Circuits, (2) legal notices regarding changes to Mini-Circuits online Terms of Use or Privacy Policy as well as notices for any security breaches involving your personally identifiable information as required by applicable law (NOTE: To opt-out of receiving legal notices for security breaches by electronic mail, please press the “OPT-OUT” button at the end of this paragraph), and (3) to correspond with you regarding any transactions you may have completed or attempted to complete on the Website or otherwise with Mini-Circuits. Please note that your access or use of the Website or right to purchase products from Mini-Circuits is NOT conditioned upon your consenting to receive e-mail communications from Mini-Circuits, and that you may opt-out of receiving future e-mail communication from Mini-Circuits by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any Mini-Circuits’ e-mail communication e-mailed to you. 

                  Mini-Circuits also collects domain information as a part of our analysis of the use of our Website. This data enables usto become more familiar with which customers visit our Website and web pages, how often they visit, and what parts of the Website they visit most often. Mini-Circuits uses this information to improve our web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part. 
 


                  Press this “OPT-OUT” button to opt-out of receiving legal notices for security breaches by electronic mail. 

                  In addition, Mini-Circuits may provide customer satisfaction surveys or other surveys which you may complete at your sole option. These surveys may collect information to help us determine which products, services and offers are of most interest to our current and future customers. 

                  Mini-Circuits will deem that your independent decision to access and use the Website constitutes an act of acceptance to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and that you have given your permission to us to collect and use your information in accordance herewith. 

Disclosure of Your Information to Third Parties 
                  Mini-Circuits may share and disclose your personally identifiable information (with the exception of credit card information) with its (1) business partners, (2) affiliates, (3) subsidiaries, (4) legal representatives, (5) sales agents, (6) independent contractors, and (7) third-party vendors and suppliers for Mini-Circuits’ business purposes described above, across borders and from your country of residence or jurisdiction to other countries around the world. Notwithstanding anything stated to contrary herein, Mini-Circuits will not share your personally identifiable information with third-parties for third parties’ direct marketing purposes, that are unrelated to Mini-Circuits products. 

Collecting Your Information Through Cookies
                  Some pages on our Website use “cookies,” which are small files that are placed on your hard drive by the Website for identification purposes. These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us. It identifies you to the Website when you revisit to load your preferences and track the pages you visit. If your browser is set up to automatically accept cookies then your browser will add this text in a small file to your hard drive. Most web browsers allow you to modify the way cookies are handled. You can refuse cookies or choose to be warned when receiving a cookie in order to be given a choice to accept or reject a cookie. By not accepting cookies, you may have to manually input user IDs and passwords to access certain information on this Website, and some pages may not fully function. Please note, the only information held in a cookie is information you have provided to Mini-Circuits. 

Securing Your Information
                  Other than the personally identifiable information you provide to us during the course of using the Website, any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to our Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary (“Communications”). Except as otherwise provided by applicable law that cannot be waived, Mini-Circuits will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. Accordingly, you hereby acknowledge and agree that Communications will not be entitled to any security or privacy protection by Mini-Circuits and that Mini-Circuits has no obligation to protect the security or privacy of Communications. Mini-Circuits and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from our Website any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law. 

Changing Our Privacy Policy
                  This Mini-Circuits’ Privacy Policy became effective on June 28, 2007. 

                  Mini-Circuits reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. A notice of change to the Privacy Policy will be posted at the top of the Privacy Policy web page during the first ten days prior to the effective date of such changes. We recommend that all visitors and users of this Website re-visit this Privacy Policy page occasionally to learn of any new privacy practices or changes to our policy. Your continued use of the Mini-Circuits Website constitutes an act of acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy. 


