
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. USING THIS WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO USE CERTAIN FUNCTIONS ON THIS WEBSITE. 
This Privacy Policy was updated and is effective on July 17, 2018. 
Our Commitment to PrivacyScientific Components Corporation d/b/a Mini-Circuits ("Mini-Circuits") recognizes and respects the importance of individual privacy and values the confidence of its customers and other visitors to its website located at www.miniciruits.com ("Website"). The globalization of business in this increasing electronic economy makes the collection of an individual's information a necessity. It is our goal to balance the benefits of e-commerce with the preservation of individual privacy rights.
                            
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit this Website and our practices for collecting, using, disclosing, maintaining, and protecting that information.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our procedures and practices regarding your information and how we treat it. For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation, the data controller is Mini-Circuits, a U.S. based company, headquartered at 13 Neptune Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11235. 
Information We CollectPersonal Information
When you use this Website, Mini-Circuits may collect "Personal Information," which is information by which you may be personally identified. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, personal mark, identification number, location data, online identifier, one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that person, or other identifier, can be used to identify such natural person, but only to the extent such information is (i) collected by Mini-Circuits through this Website directly from the natural person in question and (ii) is maintained by Mini-Circuits in an accessible form.
                            
In the course of your use of this Website, Mini-Circuits may collect Personal Information from you that includes your:
							 
first and last name;
company or business name;
home or business address, including street name and name of a city or town;
e-mail address;
telephone number;
fax number; and
credit card information.

Information from Your ComputerMini-Circuits may itself, or through third party service providers, collect information from your computer including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data, data on the resources that you access and use on the Website, computer model, type of internet connection, Internet Protocol address, operating system, and browser type ("Computer Information"). Mini-Circuits generally treats Computer Information as non-Personal Information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol addresses or similar identifiers are considered Personal Information by local law, Mini-Circuits will treat these identifiers as Personal Information. Similarly, to the extent that non-Personal Information is combined with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
How We Collect Information Information You Provide Us While using this Website, you may voluntarily provide information to Mini-Circuits. You may do this by filling in forms on the Website, corresponding with Mini-Circuits, carrying out transactions through the Website, assisting Mini-Circuits in fulfilling your orders, searching within the Website, and responding to voluntary customer satisfaction surveys or other surveys.
                            
Generally, you browse our Website anonymously. However, in some circumstances, we may request you to provide Personal Information. Although, your response to such a request is completely voluntary, there are areas of our Website that require this information such as completing product ordering functions or downloading product characterization information which functions may not be available to those individuals who elect not to provide the information requested.
CookiesAdditionally, as you navigate through and interact with this Website, Mini-Circuits may use "Cookies" to collect Computer Information. This information enables us to become more familiar with which customers visit the Website, how often they visit, and what parts of the Website they visit most often.
Cookies are small files that are placed on your browser or the hard drive of your computer by the Website and are used for automatic data collection. You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below: 


Cookie Category
Purpose of Cookies


Strictly Necessary
This is a session cookie. This cookie identifies who the user is, the number of items in the shopping cart, the preferred language, and the preferred shipping option.


Targeting
If you access this Website via the link located in the Mini-Circuits newsletter, then these cookies will track the pages that you visit on this Website. These cookies will expire after thirty (30) days of no activity on this Website.


You may set your browser to automatically accept cookies or automatically refuse cookies. You may also set your browser to warn you when receiving a cookie, thereby giving you the choice to accept or refuse it. If you choose to refuse cookies, you may have to manually input user IDs and passwords to access certain information on the Website, and some pages may not fully function.
Google Analytics Embedded into each page of the Website is a Google Analytics code. This code creates a report of user statistics such as the Internet Protocol address, time, date and other usage data. This report is sent to Google to track and examine the use of the Website and prepare reports on its activities. For further information, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, please visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Do Not Track Signals
				Some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Mini-Circuits does not currently respond to Do Not Track signals at this time.
Use of Your Information Legal, Business and Marketing Purposes
				Mini-Circuits may use the information it collects from you during the course of your use of the Website for a variety of business and marketing purposes including, without limitation: 
          
				
responding to requests for product(s) or product information;
processing orders;
Conducting transactions; 
record-keeping and archival purposes pursuant to applicable law;
promoting Website development;
improving web-based offerings;
determining which products, services and offers are of most interest to our current and future customers;
customer service purposes;
customer account registration;
promotional programs and newsletters; and
to contact and correspond with you for legal, marketing and other business purposes.

Email CommunicationsAdditionally, pursuant to your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, unless prohibited by applicable law, you hereby acknowledge, agree, and consent to receive e-mail communications from Mini-Circuits for purposes of, among other things, to receive (i) marketing material, promotional offers, events, and news related to Mini-Circuits; (ii) legal notices regarding changes to Mini-Circuits' online Terms of Use or Privacy Policy; (iii) to correspond with you regarding any transactions you may have completed or attempted to complete on the Website or otherwise with Mini-Circuits; and (iv) legal notices for any security breaches involving your Personal Information, to the extent that applicable law allows such notices to be sent by electronic mail. 
                            
Press this OPT-OUT button to opt out of receiving legal notices for security breaches by electronic mail.
                            
Please note that your access or use of the Website or right to purchase products from Mini-Circuits is not conditioned upon your consenting to receive e-mail communications from Mini-Circuits, and that you may opt-out of receiving future e-mail communications from Mini-Circuits by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in any Mini-Circuits' e-mail communication.
                            
Disclosure of Your Information to Third PartiesMini-Circuits may share and disclose your information (with the exception of credit card information) with its: 

business partners;
affiliates;
subsidiaries;
legal representatives;
sales agents;
independent contractors; and
third-party vendors and suppliers. 

Your information may be disclosed across borders and from your country of residence or jurisdiction to other countries around the world for Mini-Circuits' legal, business and marketing purposes as described in the previous section above. Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein, Mini-Circuits will not share your Personal Information with third-parties for third parties' direct marketing purposes that are unrelated to Mini-Circuits products.
                            
Maintaining and Protecting Your InformationStoring Your Information
				Mini-Circuits will retain your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws. In that regard, your consent to the retention of your information by Mini-Circuits remains valid after termination of our relationship with you. Furthermore, Mini-Circuits may transfer and store information on our servers located in the United States. Mini-Circuits will rely on your consent to transfer and store such information. 
Securing Your Information
Mini-Circuits takes commercially reasonable steps to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. 
                            
Other than the Personal Information you provide to us during the course of using the Website, any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to our Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary ("Communications"). Except as otherwise provided by applicable law that cannot be waived, Mini-Circuits will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. Accordingly, you hereby acknowledge and agree that Communications will not be entitled to any security or privacy protection by Mini-Circuits and that Mini-Circuits has no obligation to protect the security or privacy of Communications. Mini-Circuits and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from our Website any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law. 
                            
We may offer chat rooms, message boards, bulletin boards, blogs or similar public forums where you
and other users of this Website can communicate. Any information you share in a public forum is
public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere
to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, you should have no expectation of privacy for any information
you post on public areas of this Website; if this is a concern, you should not participate in posting
information to public areas of this Website. We are not responsible for events arising from the
distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through the Website.
                            
Individual Rights Relating to Your Personal InformationMini-Circuits respects your legal rights as they pertain to your Personal Information. Below are the rights available to individuals, where required by applicable law, and what Mini-Circuits does to protect those rights:
							

Your right
What Mini-Circuits does to protect your rights


The right to be informed
Mini-Circuits is publishing this Privacy Policy to keep you informed as to what we do with your Personal Information. We strive to be transparent about how we use your information.


The right to access
You have the right to access your Personal Information. Please contact Mini-Circuits if you wish to access the information Mini-Circuits holds about you.


The right to rectification
If the Personal Information Mini-Circuits holds about you is inaccurate or not complete, you have the right to ask us to rectify it. If that information has been passed by Mini-Circuits to a third party, then we must also ask them to rectify the data. Please contact Mini-Circuits if you need us to rectify your information.


The right to erasure
This is sometimes called "the right to be forgotten." If you want Mini-Circuits to erase all your Personal Information and we do not have a legal reason to continue to process and hold it, please contact Mini-Circuits.


The right to restrict processing
You have the right to request that Mini-Circuits restrict how we use your Personal Information, unless there is a legal reason for denying such request. This means we are permitted to store the information but not further use it. We keep just enough information to make sure we respect your request in the future. If you want us to restrict the processing and use of your information, please contact Mini-Circuits.


The right to data portability
When required by applicable law, Mini-Circuits allows you to obtain and reuse your Personal Information for your own purposes across services in a safe and secure way without this effecting the usability of your information. Please contact Mini-Circuits if you need help porting your data elsewhere.


The right to object
You have the right to object to Mini-Circuits using your Personal Information when your information is used for the public interest, for one of our legitimate interests, for direct marketing purposes, or for statistical purposes. If you wish to object, please contact Mini-Circuits.


The right to withdraw consent
If you have given us your consent to process your Personal Information but change your mind later, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and Mini-Circuits must stop using your information if such use is based on your consent. If you want to withdraw your consent, please contact Mini-Circuits.


The right to complain to the appropriate Data Protection Authority
Each Member State of the European Union appoints one or more Data Protection Authorities to implement and enforce data protection law in that Member State. If you are located in a Member State of the European Union, you have the right to complain to the appropriate Data Protection Authority if you feel that Mini-Circuits has not responded to your requests to solve a problem.


Other Information PracticesLinks to Third Party Sites 
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Website. Due to the nature of the internet, Mini-Circuits cannot guarantee the security of any information on or transmitted over the internet. This Website may contain links to other third-party websites ("Third-Party Site"). Each Third-Party Site has separate privacy and data collection practices independent of this Mini-Circuits Privacy Policy. Accordingly, please carefully review the privacy and data collection policies of each Third-Party Site that you visit.
Children Under the Age of 13 
This Website is not directed to or intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 is permitted to use this Website. Mini-Circuits does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not use or provide any Personal Information on the Website or on or through any of the features on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental or guardian consent, that information will be deleted promptly. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Changing Our Privacy Policy 
Mini-Circuits reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. A notice of change to the Privacy Policy will be posted at the top of the Privacy Policy web page during the first ten days prior to the effective date of such changes. We recommend that all visitors and users of this Website re-visit this Privacy Policy page occasionally to learn of any new privacy practices or changes to our policy. Your continued use of the Mini-Circuits Website constitutes an act of acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy. 
Contacting Mini-Circuits 
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like to exercise any one of the rights discussed above, we may be reached by contacting privacy@minicircuits.com.
Acceptance 
Unless otherwise prohibited under applicable law, Mini-Circuits will deem that your independent decision to access and use the Website constitutes an act of acceptance to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and that you have given your permission to us to collect, use and disclose your information in accordance herewith.

