Information in our privacy statementIn adherence to GDPR, we do everything to secure your personal dataAny personal information collected during visit to our website is processed in accordance with the provisions of GDPR. Our data protection policy also complies with the internal data protection (Data Flow Map). J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) respects your personal privacy. Cookies: Personalized surfingCookies are used for personalization of information on our website To ensure that our service is as user friendly as possible we use so-called cookies. A “cookie” is a small text file which a webserver sends to your browser when you visit a website. So-called “session cookies” expire at the end of the browser session and can capture your activities during the browser session. In contrast to these, there are “permanent cookies” which are saved on your terminal and these are able to capture your settings or activities on multiple websites. Cookies pose no risk to your computer, as they are simply text files and not executable programs. The cookies on the J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) website (megatel.com.cy) are used both to ensure convenient browsing and for market research and advertising purposes, as well as to collect statistics on use. We also use cookies for the purpose of web tracking, and they form the basis of your personalized content. Besides so-called “session cookies” which are deleted when you end your browser session, we put in place permanent cookies. Cookies are stored until deleted by the user. No personal data is stored in the cookies used by us. It depends on your browser’s settings as to whether the cookie file is stored or deleted. If the file is stored, our webserver can recognize your terminal. Next time you visit the site or when you switch between functions requiring you to enter a pass-word, the cookie can save you re-entering information. This is how cookies make it easier for you to use websites requiring user input. Additionally, cookies can help us offer you the most personalized, optimized surfing experience, as long as you give us permission to do so. That is unless you explicitly reject cookies and deactivate them as set out below: You can set your browser either to receive our cookies or use our website without cookie functionality. In the latter case however, your text entries in our form fields cannot be saved for future searches, and you will have to input your data again when you next visit our website. In this case we will also unfortunately not be able to present personally tailored content to you. Your browser may already be set to display a warning whenever it receives a cookie. As the identification cookie must be resent every time an individual page on our website is opened, this warning can be very disruptive. We therefore recommend that you set your browser to always accept cookies from www.megatel.com.cy You can change this setting for individual websites. Irrespective of saved cookies, for security reasons you must still log in each time you access areas of our site that require registration. If you have decided fundamentally not to provide or to revoke your consent (deactivation of cookies) for the use of cookies, which are subject to approval; you will only be able to use those features on our website that are guaranteed not to use cookies. Collection and processing of personal dataJ&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) stores your personal information if you provide it to us yourself, for example, during registration, or during contractual transactions (e.g. Purchase). Furthermore J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) analyses traffic on its website in order to understand our customers' requirements and, based on these, to continually improve our site. For this reason we store the IP address of a visitor’s Internet Service Provider as standard. The IP address is not linked to a specific person. Only anonymous, aggregate data is evaluated for statistical purposes during web analysis.J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) uses cookies to track visitor preferences and to improve the design of its websites accordingly.Limitations on use and disclosure of personal dataJ&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) will process and use your personal data only in connection with services related to the website megatel.com.cy and the J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) newsletter/promotion emails. This enables us to offer you a customized service and/or can also save you from having to enter the same information twice. We only utilize as much information as is necessary. We will not share your personal data with third parties. You will be advised of this accordingly. Some of our services give you the opportunity to store personal information (e.g. FAQ). Such information will only be used to respond to your current inquiry. After your inquiry is closed, this information will not be retained without requesting your permission to do so. If Government agencies or authorities ask us to collect or share personal data, we will do so only within the appropriate legal frameworks. We require our employees, suppliers and partners to maintain confidentiality and data secrecy in accordance with Article 5 of the GDPR. Accessing personal dataIf requested, J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) will confirm whether we store personal data about you and what this data is. Despite our best efforts to ensure that this stored data is accurate and up-to-date, it may be incorrect. If it is, we will correct it on request. If changes occur to your personal details, please update your profile as soon as possible.Data securityJ&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) uses technical and organizational security measures to protect the data we hold about you against accidental or deliberate manipulation, loss, deletion or unauthorized access. Our security measures are being improved continuously as new technology develops.Enforcement of and compliance with this privacy statementJ&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) is committed to complying with the articles of its data protection policy as described above. Should you have any questions regarding the handling of your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer. The data protection officer is also your point of contact for requests for information, suggestions or complaints.You may send us your data protection inquiries by e-mail. Privacy StatementData privacy statement for personal data With the following J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) Data Privacy Statement, we wish to explain which of your personal data we collect when you register with us, and how we process and deploy your data.Collection of personal data / CCTV SystemsWhen you register with J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL), we only ask for your email address as a mandatory element. In order to make full use of the benefits, you can supplement your profile to include other voluntary particulars. These may be, e.g., your name, gender, address, date of birth, further contact data and your mobile-phone number. Subject to your previously given voluntary consent, you can also specify by which digital means (e.g. email, SMS/MMS or phone) we may communicate with you.Be also informed when entering the premises of our head offices in Nicosia, CCTV cameras are in action. In order to be compliant with the Data Protection Act (GDPR), J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) provides a warning that a system is in use (using signs) and give people potentially captured by the CCTV system.Our CCTV camera operations along with the warning signs are Data Protection Act compliant.Use of personal dataIt is for this purpose, and also to rule out any unnecessary contacting and unsolicited advertising, and in order to improve our product, that we collect and process the personal data you provide within the scope of your registering and using megatel.com.cy. This we do with the aim of supplying individualized information and offers irrespective of your chosen communication channel, e.g. via our websites, or email. a. Individualized information and offers, incl. advertising  By registering with megatel.com.cy, you give your consent that we may collate and analyze your consumption and usage behavior data to let you have relevant and personalized information and offers tailored to your interests. b. Digital communication  We only wish to provide you with particulars, recommendations and offers that really interest you. You can give your consent when registering or later in your megatel.com.cy profile to receiving digital advertising communications. By 'digital communication' we mean non-analogue communication, like contact by email, phone, SMS or instant messaging, for example. If you give your consent when registering, this extends to communications from J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL). The content of the communications may be information and offers from the J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL), like newsletters, market research, individualized offers. In your profile, you can also revoke your consent to receiving digital communications, also for specific areas (e.g. only the newsletter or only the phone). c. Choice  You decide to what extent you wish to be informed by us and which data we receive from you and may use. To this end, you may set certain aspects of the data use in your megatel.com.cy profile. There, for example, you can select or deselect certain newsletters, and enter further personal data. If you no longer wish your consumption and usage behaviour data to be collated and analyzed, this can be done at any time by deleting your megatel.com.cy profile.We also delete your data if you do not confirm your registration within the term set in the confirmation email or if you have a confirmation email sent to you more than three times without confirming it. We may possibly have to store your data in each of the above cases until expiry of certain preservation duties and periods set by lawmakers or supervisory authorities. After that, the data concerned are routinely deleted. Specifically, the data we deposit in your accounts taken over as follows:Master data (e.g. name, first name, address, phone number) that you supplied when registering or added voluntarily at a later date are matched. Should they not agree, you have the possibility of correcting them.If you have given your consent within the scope of a specific account to our processing for your data, this also applies to the now-synchronized data (hard copies).Data securityWe deploy technical and organizational security measures to protect your data processed by us from accidental or willful manipulation, loss, destruction or accessing by unauthorized parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with the state of the art. We store your personal data on servers located in our head office in Nicosia. If service providers are involved, personal data may also be transmitted to other countries subject to the applicable provisions of data privacy law. Your rightsUpon request, we are happy to notify you of whether and which of your personal data we store. In the event that, despite our efforts on behalf of data accuracy and updated content, wrong information is stored, this will be corrected at your request. In your megatel.com.cy profile, you can yourself keep your information updated at all times. Kindly update your personal data immediately after any change (e.g. your email address or phone number). Enforcement of, and adherence to, this Privacy StatementJ&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) gives an undertaking to adhere to the above points affecting data privacy as described. Should you have any queries as regards the processing of your personal data, please apply to our company DPO for data privacy issues who, is available to handle any requests for information, suggestions or complaints.On behalf of J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL),Data Protection OfficerTel: +357 22467333 (ext. 104)In any queries on data privacy, do feel free to contact us also by email: dpo@megatel.com.cy Proceedings of the Data Protection OfficerThe processing of personal data at J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) Public register of proceedings regarding the processing of personal data Pursuant to §4g II pg. 2 of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) a data protection officer will provide information regarding data appearing in points 1 - 8 of this document in accordance with §4e sent. 1 GDPR upon request presented in an appropriate fashion.1. Name of the responsible post J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL)2. Address of the responsible post J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) , Panteli Katelari 2, 2220 Latsia Nicosia - Cyprus3. Purpose of data collection, processing, or use The business purpose of the company is wholesale and retail sales of electronic devices and accessories at domestic and non-domestic territories and the operation of all transactions is made at our head offices specified in 2.For reasons demanded by business purposes, the company is authorized to sell both domestically and abroad, as well as to enter into all transactions including joint contracts with partners and send emails with promotions after the consent is accepted (when a contract it’s not in action). Data is collected, processed, and used for the above-mentioned purpose.4. Description of groups of persons affected and their related data or data categories Customer data, employee data, shareholder data, as well as data from suppliers, to the extent that this is necessary to fulfil the purposes specified in 3.5. Recipients or categories of recipients to whom data may be disclosed Public service authorities where high-priority legal regulations demand, external contractors according to §11 of GDPR, as well as external offices and internal J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) departments, for fulfilling the purposes specified in 4.6. Statutory periods for deleting data After expiration of storage obligations and periods as decreed by regulatory authorities, the relevant data is routinely deleted. Any data to which this does not apply is deleted if it is not needed for the purposes specified in 3,4 and 5.7. Planned transmission of data to other countries through courier services Data is transmitted to authorities and couriers in various countries within the context of conducting transactions that fulfill the business purpose in accordance with the above-named European and international regulations under GDPR.8. Security measures J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) takes safeguarding measures pursuant to §9 GDPR by practicing caution when awarding contracts, by maintaining appropriate quality regulations, and by training its staff.J&D Golden Union Enterprises Ltd (MegaTeL) Company Data Protection Officer 