

	At the California Science Center, we strive to provide our visitors with fun, exciting and inspiring science experiences both in the Science Center and on our website. To ensure that you can enjoy all we offer on our site, we have included our privacy policy summary below.


	Our Web server collects general user information so we can calculate how many visitors come to our site, which links they use to find us and which of our features are used most frequently. However, we do not use general user information to track the activities of individual visitors, and our Web server will never collect personal identifying information (such as an email address) from you without your knowledge. This information is defined as electronically collected information, under Government Code 11015.5. Under Government Code § 11015.5, if you choose, you may have any personal information collected about you discarded without reuse or distribution, provided we are contacted in a timely fashion. In order to request that we discard your transaction log information, see the contact information below.


	If you choose to use any of the forms on our site, none of the information you enter on our site is ever sold to other businesses or institutions. However, if you register as a Member of the California Science Center Foundation, we may share your mailing address with other non-profit organizations for one-time special mailings that we have determined to be of interest to Members. Upper-level Members (Pioneer and Partners in Learning) are not included in list exchanges. Upon request, Members can have their name/address removed from list exchanges. Member email addresses are never shared, traded or sold.


	Please note that we do not collect personal identifying information from children 13 and under. However, parents can enter personal information about their children when using online registration for education programs or other Science Center events. Any personal information collected through online registration of children will be kept in a secure database and will not be shared with other businesses or organizations.


	If you choose to submit comments to be posted in an online exhibit, we will only post the information you provide with your comment—we will not post your email address. Children ages 13 and under are allowed to participate in and post to our online exhibits, but we will not post identifying information such as last names or email addresses for children.


	Please note that our privacy policy is subject to change at any time. If any changes are made in the policy, this page will be updated to reflect the change. Your privacy is of utmost importance to us, and we will always do our best to preserve it.


	As a state entity, the California Science Center is vigilant to protect any and all personal, sensitive or confidential information against risks such as inappropriate or unauthorized access, modification and loss. At the same time, public information access must be appropriately observed. This is true of all media types, including paper and data. The California Science Center and Exposition Park Office of Park Management have implemented Information Security and Privacy Policy and Guidelines to address administrative, technical, physical security safeguards for


Confidential Information — Information maintained by state agencies that is exempt from disclosure under the provisions of the California Public Records Act (PRA), or other applicable state or federal laws. Examples include personally identifying information, security-related information, policy drafts, and some department financial information.
	

Personal Information — Information maintained by state agencies that identifies or describes an individual. That is, documents or databases that include information that is “a unique identifier” to an individual. Examples of this type of information include but are not limited to: Social Security Number, driver’s license number, financial account number, medical information, address, and phone.
	

Public Information — Information maintained by state agencies that is not exempt from disclosure under the PRA, or other applicable state or federal laws.
	

Sensitive Information — Information maintained by state agencies that requires special precautions to protect it from unauthorized modification or deletion. Sensitive information may be public; typically, sensitive information includes agency records of financial transactions and regulatory actions.
	

	Protection of Personal Information


	We strive to protect personal information against loss, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or transfer. The California Science Center employees responsible for the collection, use, maintenance, and/or dissemination of records containing personal information are trained to take appropriate precautions, including but not limited to authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption to ensure that proper administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established and followed in order to protect the confidentiality of such information. Employees are trained to remove or redact personal information when data disclosures are necessary.


	Individuals have a right to access information about themselves and may request a correction of any inaccuracies.  In order to request access or correction of your information, see the contact information below.


	If you would like to obtain a complete copy of the current State Security and Privacy Program Guidelines, you may contact the Office of the President.
	 
	Office of the President—Attn: Privacy Policy Request
	California Science Center
	700 Exposition Park Drive
	Los Angeles, CA 90037
	 
	FAX: 213-744-2034
	TEL: 213-744-7483
	 
	EMAIL:   Attn: Privacy Policy Request publicrecordsrequest@cscmail.org
 
