
	The California Science Center Foundation, the not-for-profit arm of the California Science Center, strives to provide guests with fun, memorable and inspiring experiences. To ensure that you can enjoy all we offer, we have included our privacy policy summary below. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you consent to the use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy each time you interact with the Science Center, whether digitally or in person.


	Information We Collect


	We may collect the following categories of information from or about you:


Information you provide — We collect the information you provide when you choose to contact us, make a purchase or donation, register for programs or events, or submit any online form. This may include personally identifying information, such as your name, email, address, phone number, birthdate, and payment information.
	

Information about your use of our website — The Science Center employs third-party services—such as Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager (“Google Services”)—to collect general user information so we can calculate how many visitors come to our web properties, how they find us and how they interact with the website while there. We use this information to help us make the website more responsive to your needs. Such information may include IP address, location information, platform-related information and browsing history. We do not use this information to track the activities of individual visitors and our website will never collect personally-identifying information (such as an email address) from you without your knowledge. The information collected by Google Services is consistent with Google’s privacy policy, www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
	

	How We Use Information We Collect Online


	We collect and process personal information for the following purposes:


Communicating with you — We may use the personal information you provide to communicate with you. This may include, but is not limited to, processing your requests, accounts, or orders, and informing you about the Science Center’s policies and terms.
	

Informing you about products or services that may be of interest — With your prior consent, we may use your personal information to send you promotional communications on behalf of Science Center. You have the right to unsubscribe from these communications at any time.If you register as a Member of the California Science Center Foundation, we may share your name and address with other non-profit organizations for one-time special communications that we have determined to be of interest to our Members. Upon request, Members can have their name/address removed from list exchanges.
	

Third-party advertising — Third-party services may use cookies and general information about your browsing behavior on our web properties to provide targeted advertising to you on other websites.
	

Providing, evaluating and improving our products and services — We use your information, including data obtained from Google Services, to evaluate and improve our services. The information we receive helps us better fulfill our mission and improve your online experience.
	

Promoting safety and security — The Science Center and its third-party venders may use your information to promote safety and security, such as verifying accounts, monitoring fraud, investigating suspicious or potentially illegal activity or violations of our terms or policies, protecting our rights, or pursuing available remedies.
	

	Third Parties to Whom We Disclose Information


Vendors and Service Providers — We use third party companies to help us provide our products and services to you, for example, to process payments, fulfill orders, manage donations, evaluate our services and communicate with our guests. Because this website makes use of Google Services, Google will have access to and may use information collected by this website for purposes described in Google’s privacy policy, including to improve Google’s Services.
	

Other website users — The Science Center may provide ways for you to submit content for public display, but we will never include any personally identifying information without your express consent.
	

Other nonprofits — None of the information you provide on our website is ever sold to other businesses or institutions. However, if you register as a Member of the California Science Center Foundation, we may share your address with other nonprofit organizations for one-time special mailings that we have determined to be of interest to our Members. Upon request, Members can have their name/address removed from list exchanges.
	

	Children


	We do not knowingly collect personally identifying information from children 13 and under. However, parents can enter personal information about their children when using online registration for education programs or other Science Center events and activities. No personal information collected from or about children will be shared with other businesses or organizations.


	Children ages 13 and under are allowed to participate in and post to our online exhibits, but we will not post identifying information such as last names or email addresses for children. California law permits minors to request and obtain deletion of certain posted content. For additional information or to make such a request, please contact us.


	Your Rights


	Depending on where you live, you may have the right to:


		See what data we have about you, if any, and access the data.
	

		Change/correct any data we have about you.
	

		Have us delete any data we have about you.
	

		Receive your personal information in a structured and standard format.
	

		Express concerns you have about our use of your data.
	

	You may Contact Us to exercise your rights. We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe, and in any event in less than 30 days. You may also lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority regarding the processing of your personal information.


	To protect the privacy and the security of your personal information, we may request information from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access such information, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal information we maintain. There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain.


	Third-Party Websites and Services


	Our website may contain links to or the ability for you to access third-party websites, products, and services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those third parties, nor are we responsible for the information or content their products and services contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through this website.


	Protection of Personal Information 


	We strive to protect personal information against loss, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or transfer. The California Science Center employees responsible for the collection, use, maintenance, and/or dissemination of records containing personal information are trained to take appropriate precautions, including but not limited to authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption to ensure that proper administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established and followed in order to protect the confidentiality of such information. Employees are trained to remove or redact personal information when data disclosures are necessary.


	Changes to this Privacy Policy


	Please note that our Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. If any material changes are made to the Policy, this page will be updated to reflect the change. Where applicable, your continued use of our website and services after the effective date of such notice means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. Your privacy is of utmost importance to us, and we will always do our best to preserve it.


	Questions?


	We invite you to contact us if you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy.
 