
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
 
The Internet is an amazing tool. It has the power to change the way we live, and we're starting to see that potential today. With only a few mouse-clicks, you can follow the news, look up facts, buy goods and services, and communicate with others from around the world. It's important to LogicPass Ltd to help our customers retain their privacy when they take advantage of all the Internet has to offer.
We believe your business is no one else's. Your privacy is important to you and to us. So we'll protect the information you share with us. To protect your privacy, LogicPass Ltd follows different principles in accordance with worldwide practices for customer privacy and data protection. We won't sell or give away Your name, mail address, phone number, email address or any other information to anyone. We'll use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorized users.
NOTICE 
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you create a Registration ID on the site or when you download free software, enter a contest, order email newsletters or join a limited-access premium site. We use your Personal Information for four primary purposes: To make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once. To help you quickly find software, services or information. To help us create content most relevant to you. To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from LogicPass Ltd.
CONSENT 
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of deal.com.mt. But you will not be able to access areas that require registration. 
If you decide to register, you will be able to select the kinds of information you want to receive from us by subscribing to various services, like our electronic newsletters. If you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding LogicPass products, programs, events, or services by email, postal mail, or telephone, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing messages from LogicPass Ltd. 
LogicPass Ltd occasionally allows other companies to offer our registered customers information about their products and services, using postal mail only. If you do not want to receive these offers, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing materials from third parties. 
ACCESS 
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time at the account menu. There, you can:
SECURITY 
LogicPass Ltd has taken strong measures to protect the security of your personal information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honored. We take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
We guarantee your e-commerce transactions to be 100% safe and secure. When you place orders or access your personal account information, you're utilizing secure server software SSL, which encrypts your personal information before it's sent over the Internet. SSL is one of the safest encryption technologies available. In addition, your transactions are guaranteed under the Fair Credit Billing Act. This Act states that your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 in fraudulent credit card charges. If your bank does hold you liable for $50.00 or less, we'll cover your liability provided the unauthorized, fraudulent use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own and from purchases made from us over our secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
LogicPass Ltd strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.
Your information may be stored and processed in Malta or any other country where LogicPass Ltd, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your user name and password, so do not share these with others.
If for some reason you believe LogicPass Ltd has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by email at 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 , and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly. Be certain the words Privacy Policy are in the Subject line.
ELECTRONIC PRODUCT REGISTRATION 
When you buy a new product, we may ask you to register your purchase electronically. When you do, we merge your registration information with any information you've already left with us (we call that information your personal profile). If you haven't previously registered with us, we create a personal profile for you from your product registration information. If you ever want to review or update that information, you can visit the Account Menu, and edit any of the Personal Information in your profile. If you haven't already created a Registration ID, we will ask you to do so. This ensures that only you can access your information. 
CUSTOMER PROFILES 
As mentioned above, every registered customer has a unique personal profile. Each profile is assigned a unique personal identification number, which helps us ensure that only you can access your profile.
When you register, we create your profile, assign a personal identification number, then send this personal identification number back to your hard drive in the form of a cookie, which is a very small bit of code. This code is uniquely yours. It is your passport to seamless travel across deal.com.mt, allowing you to download free software, order free newsletters, and visit premium sites without having to fill out registration forms with information you've already provided. Even if you switch computers, you won't have to re-register – just use your Registration ID to identify yourself.
What we do with the information you share 
When you join us, you provide us with your contact information, including Your name and email address. We use this information to send you updates about your order, questionnaires to measure your satisfaction with our service and announcements about new and exciting services that we offer. When you order from us, we ask for your credit card number and billing address. We use this information only to bill you for the product(s) you order at that time. For your convenience, we do save billing information in case you want to order from us again, but we don't use this information again without your permission.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
LogicPass Ltd will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on LogicPass Ltd or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of LogicPass Ltd and its family of Websites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of LogicPass Ltd, its Websites, or the public.
Cookie Policy on our website
LogicPass Ltd’s website may use cookies, which are small text files that are placed on your users’ secondary storage to assist in enhancing your browsing experience by displaying content that is more relevant and applicable to you and your preferences. Furthermore, cookies are used for the proper functioning of the website. Our website will request your acceptance for the use of these cookies. LogicPass Ltd does not use data acquired through cookies to draw any conclusions about the data subject.
Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to. 
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data is erased in accordance with legal requirements.
Your rights as a data subject 
As a data subject GDPR provides you with extensive rights as follows:

· Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)


· Right of restriction of processing


· Right to data portability


· Automated individual decision-making, including profiling


· Right to withdraw data protection consent


· Data protection for applications and the application procedures

 
Your rights as a data subject
Right of confirmation
Each data subject has the right to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes that his data is no longer processed they may contact LogicPass Ltd at any time.
Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right to obtain free information about his or her personal data stored at any time as well as a copy of this information, the purpose of processing, with whom this data has been disclosed if any, the length of time the data will be retained, the existence of the right to request erasure of personal data, the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection authority. Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to third parties and have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
Right to rectification 
Each data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning them. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact LogicPass Ltd. Each data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning them. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact LogicPass Ltd.
Right to erasure 
Each data subject shall have the right to request the erasure of personal data concerning them without undue delay. The controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
 
If one of the above reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by LogicPass Ltd, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the company who shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
If one of the above conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by LogicPass Ltd, he or she may at any time contact any employee of LogicPass Ltd who will arrange the restriction of the processing.
Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of LogicPass Ltd.
Right to object 
Each data subject shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to the processing of personal data concerning him or her. LogicPass Ltd no longer processes the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If LogicPass Ltd processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to LogicPass Ltd to the processing for direct marketing purposes, then LogicPass Ltd will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by LogicPass Ltd for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest. In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of the LogicPass Ltd.
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, LogicPass Ltd shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision. If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the LogicPass Ltd.
Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right to withdraw his or her consent to the processing of his or her personal data at any time. If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of LogicPass Ltd.
Data protection for applications and the application procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller.
 
Last revision 23rd May 2018
 

 
Cookie Declaration
 
 

