
PRIVACY POLICY
SCOPE

This Policy applies to all external parties, namely, visitors to Cyprus Alive websites and social media pages, subscribers to Cyprus Alive briefings and marketing materials, and any other individual whose personal information may be collected, stored and used by Cyprus Alive or its partners. This Policy also applies to Cyprus Alive’s management of personal information across its offices.

POLICY

                    Cyprus Alive understands that the right of individuals to their privacy is important, and demonstrates this by complying with European Law and standards. 
HOW CYPRUS ALIVE COLLECTS PERSONAL INFORMATION
Cyprus Alive collects personal information only by lawful and fair means, where it is reasonably necessary for or directly related to Cyprus Alive functions under European law. It is Cyprus Alive’s usual practice to collect personal information directly from you when you deal with Cyprus Alive by phone, letter, email, face-to-face or online, including when you:

Make an enquiry with Cyprus Alive;
Register an account on a Cyprus Alive website;
Subscribe to a newsletter or register to receive brochures (e.g. through a Cyprus Alive website);
Apply to attend or exhibit at a Cyprus Alive event;
Enter a promotion or competition, including at a Cyprus Alive event or through the Cyprus Alive website;
Have business dealings with Cyprus Alive (whether as job applicant, as an employee of one of Cyprus Alive’s external service providers, if you work for a government agency Cyprus Alive deals with, in the context of a transaction, or if you volunteer personal information to Cyprus Alive).

Where it is practicable, you may choose to remain anonymous or adopt a pseudonym when dealing with Cyprus Alive.

PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT CYPRUS ALIVE COLLECTS
The types of personal information that Cyprus Alive collects will depend on the nature of your dealings with its products and services and may include your name, contact details, photographic information, your views and opinions about Cyprus Alive services, travel information. In particular:

If you deal with Cyprus Alive in the course of business, Cyprus Alive will generally collect only your business contact details (so Cyprus Alive can communicate with you for normal business purposes). 
Cyprus Alive also collects personal information about its employees (including job applicants) and contractors (personnel records).
If you make a complaint, Cyprus Alive will generally collect your name, address or email address and details about the complaint.


HOW CYPRUS ALIVE USES AND DISCLOSES PERSONAL INFORMATION
Cyprus Alive will only use and disclose personal information for the purpose for which it was collected, or otherwise in accordance with the European Privacy Act. For example, if you contact the Cyprus Alive offices requesting information about travelling to Cyprus, Cyprus Alive will use your name and email address to send you this information. Other examples include use or disclosure for the purpose of:

Providing you with the publications or services you have requested;
Marketing communications;
Complaint handling;
Research and forecasting;
Employment purposes; 
Cyprus Alive will not use or disclose personal information for a purpose other than that for which it was collected unless:
Your consent is obtained;
Cyprus Alive is required to, or authorised by European law or a court or tribunal order;
Otherwise in accordance with the Privacy Act.

Cyprus Alive may also use or disclose your personal information for a secondary purpose related to, or directly related to, the purpose of collection where you would reasonably expect that your information would be used for this other purpose. These secondary purposes may include activities such as public education or quality assurance.
At or before the time Cyprus Alive collects your personal information (or as soon as practical afterwards), Cyprus Alive will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to provide you with a collection notice containing the following information setting out, among other things, the purpose of collection.

ACCESS AND CORRECTION
Under the Privacy Act, you have the right to seek access to the records of personal information that Cyprus Alive holds about you. You also have the right to ask Cyprus Alive to alter your personal information if you think the information is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading.
If you wish to access or correct your personal information that Cyprus Alive holds, please submit a written request setting out what information you wish to access or correct, your name and a mailing/email address to Cyprus Alive. Cyprus Alive may require you to verify your identity. Cyprus Alive will respond to your request within 30 days.
If Cyprus Alive refuses to provide you with access to your personal information or to correct that information as you request, it will provide you with reasons for that refusal and information about how to make a complaint.
If Cyprus Alive refuses to correct your personal information, IT will take reasonable steps to associate a statement with your personal information that you consider the information to be inaccurate.
ONLINE PRIVACY ISSUES
If you use the Cyprus Alive website (cyprusalive.com) information is recorded about your visit for web personalization, research and statistical and reporting purposes as well as to allow Cyprus Alive to improve its websites, products and services.
Cyprus Alive also uses cookies and session tools to improve your experience when visiting its sites. The information collected may include your IP address, the referring site and the pages visited on the Cyprus Alive website. IP addresses are logged to track a user's session while the user remains anonymous. Cyprus Alive analyses this data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of Cyprus Alive’s websites users are visiting and how long they spend there. Cyprus Alive does not link your IP addresses to anything that identifies you.
In general, you can visit the Cyprus Alive website without telling Cyprus Alive who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, there are times when Cyprus Alive may need to collect your personal information. For instance, if you register to receive Cyprus Alive publications or to attend an event, Cyprus Alive will need to collect some personal information from you for this purpose. In this case, Cyprus Alive will provide notice and seek your permission to send you further electronic communications, and for your personal information to be stored in its databases. If at any time after submitting your personal information to Cyprus Alive you would no longer like to receive information, simply follow the "unsubscribe" directions at the end of any email communications you receive, or contact Cyprus Alive using the contact details listed at the end of this Policy.
No attempt will be made by Cyprus Alive to identify website users or their browsing activities except in the unlikely event of an investigation where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect server logs. The statistics and log files may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the information supplied by Cyprus Alive.
Where you use Cyprus Alive social media pages (such as Facebook or Twitter) Cyprus Alive will not collect any personal information about you without your consent.
Cookies
                    Some Cyprus Alive webpages use cookies which are small files that may be placed on your hard disk for recordkeeping purposes. A cookie helps Cyprus Alive remember who you are and can make your subsequent visits to the webpage simpler and more seamless. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, by not accepting cookies, some webpages may not display properly or you may not be permitted to access certain information. No personal information is stored within Cyprus Alive cookies. Cookies are important for Cyprus Alive websites and are used to provide the best possible online experience. By continuing to use this site you are consenting to their use.
Online security
                    Cyprus Alive strives to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to its websites, and periodically updates its security measures in light of current technologies. You need to be aware of inherent risks associated with the transmission of information via the Internet. Cyprus Alive cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any personal information you submit to its websites. If you have concerns in this regard, Cyprus Alive has other ways of obtaining and providing information. Postal services, phone and fax facilities are available.
The Cyprus Alive website may also be linked to websites operated by third parties. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval of these websites. Visitors to those websites should refer to their separate privacy policies and practices, e.g. Google Analytics and Adobe packages.
Complaints
                    If you wish to complain about how Cyprus Alive manages personal information, you should submit a written complaint by post or email using the contact details set out in this policy. Cyprus Alive will endeavor to respond to your complaint within 30 days.


CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Policy or if you wish to make a complaint, contact Cyprus Alive using the following contact details:

By email: tks@cytanet.com.cy
By post: P.O. Box: 42840, 6503 Larnaka, Cyprus
By phone: +357 24 651 274

Cyprus Alive periodically reviews this Policy and reserves the right at its discretion to modify or remove portions at any time. Any amendments will be notified by posting an updated version on its website.

                    Approved by the Managing Director 2 November 2016

