

            Applus+ Car Testing Service Limited ("NCTS" or "we") and its associated companies respect and protect your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with this website (the “Site”).  
        
Any information which is provided by you to NCTS via this Site or otherwise will be treated in accordance with the terms of the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 (the “Acts”) and/or such amending or replacement legislation as may be adopted in Ireland from time to time.


You should be aware that each time you visit our Site, two general levels of information about your visit can be retained:

•	The first level comprises statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis of all browsers who visit the Site and the second is information which is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information. The statistical and analytical information provides us with a general and non-individual specific information about the number of people who visit this Site; the number of people who return to the Site; the pages that they visit; and where they were before they came to the Site and the page in the Site at which they exited. This information helps us monitor traffic so that we can manage the Site's capacity and efficiency.
•	While using this Site, you may have the opportunity to send us information relating to you such as through the "Contact" page or by booking a NCT test online or where you send us an email. By choosing to participate in these, you will be providing us with some level of personal information relating to you. This information will only be used by NCTS for the purpose for which it was provided by you or for verification purposes and statistical analysis.


		We use Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") technology, any personal data that you send will be protected during transmission by encryption.
		


Personal information you provide to us is stored securely in line with the ISO 27002 code of practice for information security management.
Credit and debit card details are processed by a PCI-PA-DSS compliant system.
We use information held about you in the following ways:

•	To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
•	To provide you with information and/or services that you request from us
•	To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.


		If you wish to book a NCT test online, we will require you to provide us with your vehicle registration number, the date of first registration of your vehicle and your credit card/debit card details.
		
We will use your vehicle registration number and the date of first registration of your vehicle to cross refer to the database of vehicles and owners which we receive from the Vehicle Registration Unit of the Department of Transport, and as a result will correlate the information which you give us to your name, address and other information.
Before you provide any data to us we will endeavour to make it clear, for example in our Privacy Policy, in the relevant application process and/or in the relevant terms and conditions, why we need this data and how we will use it. When this is required we will obtain your consent first.
Otherwise, by providing us with information, either orally or in writing, or by using our Site, you consent to our collection, use and processing of the information we obtain from or about you as a result of our dealings with you as an NCTS customer for the purposes of which we have advised you.
We use your personal information to identify you as a customer, to process your booking and to deliver relevant information to you in connection with the NCT test. 
Your telephone calls with the NCTS, both inbound and outbound. are recorded for training, quality and verification purposes. By providing your contact details to NCTS over the telephone we may use such contact details to advise you of future NCT due dates.
You also acknowledge and agree that in certain circumstances we may be obliged to disclose personal information relating to you to third parties, for example, in order to conform to any requirements of law or to comply with any legal process, as well as to protect and defend the rights of property of NCTS, and/or our customers.
You should also be aware that where you link to another website from this Site, that NCTS has no control over that other website. Accordingly, NCTS cannot guarantee that the controller of that website will respect your privacy in the same manner as NCTS.
You have the right to request a copy of the information which we hold about you (for which we may charge you a small fee) and to have inaccuracies in the information corrected. 
However, as the information is received from the Vehicle Registration Unit of the Department of Transport, you will need to contact this unit in Shannon, co Clare to ensure that it holds correct and up to date information.
NCTS, its directors, employees, servants and agents, affiliates or other representatives and their respective parent and subsidiary companies, shall not be liable in respect of any claims, emergencies, demands, causes of action, damages, losses, expenses, including without limitation, reasonable attorney fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to you in accordance with this privacy policy and your consents.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.

