
Customer Privacy Policy




Basic Information regarding the processing of your Personal Data




Data Controller


Applus+ Car Testing Service Limited
Address: 3026 Lakedrive,
Citywest Business Campus,
Naas Road,
Dublin 24,
D24 RC8V
Telephone: 01-4135900
E-mail: privacy@ncts.ie
 




Main Purposes 
 



To provide you with information and/or services that you request from us;
To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
To deal with your enquiries and requests;
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us or dealing with the provisions of our services to you;
To understand how you use our services and to enable Us to improve and further develop the features, performance and support available on our Website;
To communicate with you by e-mail, post or telephone for the following purposes: Confirmation of booking date and time; and reminder when your inspection is due.
For the purpose of enabling Us to manage the entrance to our premises, surveillance, visits and meetings;
Identification of who presented the vehicle for testing;
To ensure the performance of our services;
To comply with the legal obligations Road Traffic (National Car Test) Regulations applicable to Applus+;
To perform risk-assessments and prevent fraud, considering the legitimate interest which Applus+ has in conducting its business diligently





Legal Basis 


(a) Performance of a contract
(b) Legitimate interests; and
(c) Compliance with legal obligations
More information




Personal Data



Personal and contact details: full name, business name, phone number, email address, postal address, mobile phone number;
Other information: your vehicle registration number, the date of first registration of your vehicle, Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), your credit card/debit card details and proof of address.





Recipients


(a) Law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authorities (and their appointed agents) or other third party with compelling authority.
(b) Contracted Service providers.
(c) Applus group companies.
(d) Asset purchasers and amalgamation.




Rights


Among other, the right to access, rectify and erase the personal data, to object to the further processing of the personal data, and to withdraw consent. To exercise your rights, please send an email to privacy@ncts.ie, enclosing a copy of your identification document (Driving Licence).




Extended Information


Available http://www.ncts.ie/1180
We recommend that you read it carefully.




 
 
Customer Privacy Policy

What personal data do We use

1.1 Personal Data We collect directly from you  1.2  Personal Data We collect from other sources 1.3 Personal Data about third parties 

 How We use your Personal Data and on what legal basis
 What rights do you have over your Personal Data
 How do We share your Personal Data and with whom
 How do We protect your Personal Data
 For how long do We store your Personal Data
 Contact Us
 Changes to this Privacy Policy

 
This Privacy Policy describes how Applus+ Car Testing Service Ltd (Applus+ Car Testing Service Ltd ', 'We', 'Us') collects and processes personal data about you, how we use and protect this information, and your rights in relation to this information. Applus+ Car Testing Service Ltd will collect and subsequently process the personal data as the data controller. You may contact Us at:
 
Applus+ Car Testing Service
Address: 3026 Lakedrive, Citywest Business Campus, Naas Road, Dublin 24, D24 RCRV
Telephone: 01-4135900
E-mail: privacy@ncts.ie
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal data we collect or process about you in relation to the interactions with this website, webchat, our apps, call center or while we provide you with our services. 'Personal Data' means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data or an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Applus+ Car Testing Service, its directors, employees, servants and agents, affiliates or other representatives and their respective parent and subsidiary companies, shall not be liable in respect of any claims, emergencies, demands, causes of action, damages, losses, expenses, including without limitation, reasonable attorney fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to you in accordance with this privacy policy and your consents

1. What Personal Data do We collect
We will collect personal data about you from a variety of sources, including information we collect from you directly (e.g. when you contact us through our online booking, call center & web chat, SMS, postal and email communication), and information we collect about you from Vehicle Registration Unit of the Department of Transport, Shannon, Co. Clare.
Note that we may be required by law to collect certain personal data about you, or as a consequence of any contractual relationship We have with you. Failure to provide this information may prevent or delay the fulfilment of these obligations. We will inform you at the time your information is collected whether certain data is compulsory and the consequences of the failure to provide such data.

1.1 Personal Data We collect directly from you
The categories of personal data that We collect directly from you include (Please note, Your telephone calls, both inbound and outbound are recorded for training, quality and verification purposes):

Personal details: full name;
Contact details: postal address, phone number, email address, mobile phone number;
Other information: your vehicle registration number, vehicle identification number (VIN) of your vehicle, proof of address and your credit card/debit card details.
Identification details
Information We collect automatically from you each time you visit our Site, two general levels of information about your visit can be retained:


The first level comprises statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis of all browsers who visit the Site and the second is information which is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information. The statistical and analytical information provides us with a general and non-individual specific information about the number of people who visit this Site; the number of people who return to the Site; the pages that they visit; and where they were before they came to the Site and the page in the Site at which they exited. This information helps us monitor traffic so that we can manage the Site's capacity and efficiency.
While using this Site, you may have the opportunity to send us information relating to you such as through the "Contact" page, Trade Scheme Portal or by booking a NCT test online. By choosing to participate in these, you will be providing us with some level of personal information relating to you. This information will only be used by NCTS for the purpose for which it was provided by you or for verification purposes and statistical analysis.

We use Transport Layer Security ("TLS") technology, any personal data that you send will be protected during transmission by encryption.
Personal information you provide to us is stored securely in line with the ISO 27002 code of practice for information security management.
Credit and debit card details are processed by a PCI-PA-DSS compliant system.
Personal information you provide to us is stored securely in line with the ISO 27002 code of practice for information security management.
Further information about our use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies is available here: https://www.ncts.ie/1156 .

Imagery from CCTV Surveillance

 
Before you provide any data to us we will endeavour to make it clear, for example in our Privacy Policy, in the relevant application process and/or in the relevant terms and conditions, why we need this data and how we will use it. When this is required we will obtain your consent first.

1.2 Personal Data We collect from other sources:
We collect personal data about you from Vehicle Registration Unit of the Department of Transport, Shannon, Co. Clare.
The categories of personal data that we collect about you from other sources are:

Personal details: full name, car registration number;
Contact details: postal address
The date of first registration of the vehicle and VIN number and model of vehicle


1.3 Personal Data about third parties
Where you provide Us with personal data such as contact information about third parties (e.g. if you are passing the vehicle inspection for a vehicle that is owned by a third party), it is your direct responsibility to inform such individuals of their rights and to obtain their explicit consent, where necessary, to the processing (including transfers) of their personal data, as it may be deemed necessary and in compliance with applicable local data protection laws, as set forth in this Privacy Policy.


How We use your Personal Data and on what legal basis

We use and subsequently process personal data We collect about you on the following legal basis, and for the purposes identified below:

We will process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, for the following purposes:


To provide you with information and/or services that you request from us
To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To deal with your enquiries and requests, including any investigations pursuant to our whistleblowing channels.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To protect the security and/or integrity of our Website and IT infrastructure.
To protect the integrity of service delivery.
To understand how you use our services and to enable Us to improve and further develop the features, performance and support available on our Website, which may entail the provision of anonymous statistical information about our visitors (however, without it being used to identify any individual user).
To communicate with you by e-mail, post or telephone for the following purposes:

Confirmation of booking date and time by e-mail address, SMS or equivalent electronic means.
Reminder via post, SMS, email or equivalent electronic means when your vehicle inspection is due.
When a change of vehicle ownership occurs, Applus delete the contact information of the previous owner. When a change of ownership occurs, Applus receive the name and address of the new owner from the Department of Transport’s Vehicle Registration Unit. As such Applus may contact the previous owner by email to ask if they have purchased another vehicle and if they wish to update the mobile phone number/email address associated with that new vehicle.


To confirm proof of identify for those presenting for an inspection/test.
To carry out Customer Surveys on a sample of customers for the purposes of customer satisfaction and service improvement research.
The Road Safety Authority contacts a sample of customers for the purposes of customer satisfaction and service improvement research. You may be contacted on occasion by an independent auditor who is authorised by the Road Safety Authority to undertake this research. If you do not wish to be contacted for the purpose, please send your name and address to surveyoptout@rsa.ie and you will not be included in future surveys.
We will use your vehicle registration number and the date of first registration of your vehicle to cross refer to the database of vehicles and owners which we receive from the Vehicle Registration Unit of the Department of Transport, and as a result will correlate the information which you give us to your name, address and other information.
We use your personal information to identify you as a customer, to process your booking and to deliver relevant information to you in connection with the NCT test.
You should also be aware that where you link to another website from this Site, that NCTS has no control over that other website. Accordingly, NCTS cannot guarantee that the controller of that website will respect your privacy in the same manner as NCTS.
For the purpose of enabling Us to manage the entrance to our premises, surveillance, visits and meetings.

Where Applus+ processes personal data in fulfilment of its own legitimate interests, it shall always balance such interests against the data subjects´ fundamental rights and freedoms, and implements robust safeguards in view of ensuring that their privacy is protected accordingly.

We will also process your personal data in order to ensure an optimum level of compliance with the applicable legal obligations to which Applus+ Car Testing Service Ltd is subject, and cooperate with regulators and law enforcement bodies where necessary, in line with Section 4 of this Privacy Policy:

 

To disclose your personal data and other information subject to requests received from authorities and/or bodies with powers to compel, as required by the applicable laws or by law enforcement officers vested with such powers.

 
Compliance with the aforementioned legal obligations to which Applus+ Car Testing Service Ltd is subject is required under Irish law, including S.I. No. 415/2017 - Road Traffic (National Car Test) Regulations 2017.


What rights do you have over your Personal Data 

You have certain rights regarding your personal data, subject to local law. These include the following rights:

To know how we are processing your personal data and to access your personal data held by Applus+ Car Testing Service Ltd and its affiliates, where applicable;
To request the rectification of inaccurate or incomplete personal data;
To request the erasure of your personal data when such data is no longer necessary for the initial purposes for which it has been initially collected, in accordance with applicable law;
To restrict our processing of your personal data, under certain circumstances;
To object to our processing of your personal data, having regard to the given circumstances and for reasons related to their particular situation;

This includes the right to object, at any time, for reasons related to your particular situation, to our processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interests or those of a third party, in which case We will cease in processing your personal data unless We are able to rely on legitimate reasons to do so;

To request the portability of your personal data, which will allow you to obtain and reuse the personal data in a usable electronic format for your own purposes and across different services without hindrance to usability, including its transmission to another third party; and
To withdraw the consent you may have granted to a specific processing, at any time.

We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate.
We will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honour your requests.
Applus+ Car Testing Service Ltd is committed to protecting your personal data as described in this policy, and as required by applicable laws. Should you have any queries or intention of requesting additional information on how to exercise your rights or to effectively submit such a request, feel free to contact Us at the following email: privacy@ncts.ie


How do we share your Personal Data and with whom

Applus+ will be able to share your personal data with third parties under the following circumstances:
Law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority or other third party with compelling authority. We will be able to share your personal data with these parties where we believe this is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of any third party. This includes the relevant Authority, (Road Safety Authority, National Standards Authority of Ireland, National Transport Authority) and their legally appointed Supervisory Service Contractors for the purposes of Quality and Integrity Management.
 

Service providers. We will allow our service providers and business partners that perform administration, communication (e.g. SMS processor, emailing, webchat), payment, insurance, marketing, finance, legal, accounting, insurance, audit and other business operations for us to access to your personal data.
Asset purchasers and amalgamation. We will share your personal data with any third party that purchases, or to which We transfer, all or substantially all of our assets and business or with whom we enter into an amalgamation, consolidation, merger or similar restructuring. Should such a sale or transfer occur, We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the entity to which we transfer your personal data uses it in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.



How do we protect your Personal Data 

We implement technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the personal data we process. These measures are aimed at ensuring the on-going integrity and confidentiality of personal data. We evaluate these measures on a regular basis to ensure the security of the processing.

For how long do we Store your Personal Data 

 
We will keep your personal data for as long as We have a relationship with you, and for a period of up 7 years thereafter. We will only retain your personal data after this time if We are required to do so to comply with the law, or if there are outstanding claims or complaints that will reasonably require your personal data to be retained
 


Contact Us

Applus+ Car Testing Service is the data controller in respect of the personal data we collect and process.
If you have questions or concerns regarding the way in which your personal data has been used, please contact privacy@ncts.ie
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that We have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority of Ireland, which is the Data Protection Commissioner, using their website
https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/Contact-us/b/11.htm.


Changes to this Privacy Policy

You are entitled to request a copy of this Privacy Policy from us using the contact details set out above. This Privacy Policy will be subject to changes, as deemed necessary from time to time.
If we change this Privacy Policy, we will notify you of the changes through our website. Where changes to the Privacy Policy will have a fundamental impact on the nature of the processing or otherwise have a substantial impact on you, We will give you sufficient advance notice so that you have the opportunity to exercise your rights (e.g. among other, to object to the processing). Moreover, and to the extent that Applus+ Car Testing Service Limited relies on consent for the performance of any of its processing activities, We will make sure to request your consent where the aforementioned changes may have a substantial impact on the relevant processing before these changes are made effective.
25th May 2018
 
 
 
 
 
