Registration information
Why we hold it
We are required under legislation, including the Medical Act 1983, to maintain registers of medical practitioners. We are responsible for making sure that doctors on the registers are suitably qualified. 
We hold contact information so that we can contact doctors about their registration, annual retention fee payment and fitness to practise investigations. We also contact registered doctors with relevant news, such as new guidance.
What we hold
We hold information about doctors who are registered with us. We also hold information about doctors who apply for registration, and doctors who are no longer registered.
For registration purposes we hold information about a doctor’s nationality, qualifications, employment history, and other relevant evidence in support of their application for registration. 
We hold data about doctors’ health and criminal convictions if they have told us this information as part of their application.
When a doctor applies for registration as an international medical graduate we verify their primary medical qualification and, if appropriate, their post graduate qualification. The verification process is carried out on our behalf by an external organisation and may require data to be transferred outside the European Economic Area. We are provided with confirmation of the verification, or with information about any concerns raised through the process. 
If a doctor has undergone any Professional and Linguistic Assessments Board (PLAB) test, we will hold information about their assessment history and scores.
We hold contact information about doctors, and depending on how they pay their Annual Retention Fee we also hold bank account or credit card information. 
We hold information about fitness to practise incidents which take place while a student is at a UK medical school. This information is provided by students and universities when the student is applying for provisional registration.
How we share it
We are required to make some of this information publicly available on the medical register. Organisations can subscribe to download the medical register; these details are the same as those on the online medical register and do not contain doctors' contact details.
We share non-public registration information with relevant third parties when it is necessary to assist them with their functions or legitimate interests. Third parties include UK health departments, employers, designated bodies, responsible officers, suitable persons and other bodies where appropriate. This information includes date of birth, photograph, passport details, registered email address, registered address and whether a doctor is being investigated under our fitness to practise procedures. 
Fitness to practise investigations and sanctions information
Why we hold it
We are required under the Medical Act 1983 to investigate fitness to practise concerns.
If you raise a concern about a doctor with us, we will use the information you provide to investigate those concerns. Find out more about how we use information submitted when you raise a concern about a doctor.
The Medical Act also requires us to share information about fitness to practise investigations with employers and the Department of Health.
What we hold
We hold information about fitness to practise concerns, investigations of concerns, records of hearings, and records of the outcome of our investigations, including sanctions and warnings.
We hold information about patients, including medical records, where it has been provided as part of a complaint or is necessary for our investigation. 
We hold information about doctors’ health and criminal convictions where it is relevant to the concern that we’re considering.
We have the power to require the disclosure of medical records if necessary.
How we share it
We are required by law to share details of an investigation with the doctor concerned and their employer.
During an investigation we may disclose details of the investigation to other organisations or individuals where it is necessary for us to carry out our statutory functions.
All fitness to practise sanctions are published on a doctor’s record on the online medical register. Further information about hearings and sanctions issued by a tribunal is published on the MPTS website. You can find further information about warnings and undertakings issued by case examiners on our website. You can find more information about how we publish fitness to practise information, including relevant time periods, in our publication and disclosure policy.
We disclose tribunal hearing bundles to the Disclosure and Barring Service in line with our duties under the Safeguarding Children and Vulnerable Groups Act 2006.
We share information about recent sanctions with bodies in the UK and abroad who have a legitimate or statutory interest in this information.
Research
Why we hold it
We conduct and commission research on a range of topics to support our regulatory functions related to registration, fitness to practise, and medical education and training. We generate statistical data based on the information we hold, for example GMC Data Explorer.
We use data profiling to help us understand more about the types of doctor more likely to have fitness to practise issues. This includes using the GMC’s own data about registered doctors and fitness to practise investigations, and may also include data obtained from third parties. Profiling is not used to make automated decisions about a doctor’s registration or fitness to practise. 
What we hold
The personal data which we use to carry out our regulatory functions can also be used for research which supports those functions. This includes demographic information, employment and fitness to practise history, and details of complaints.
We obtain further data from third parties to enable research into medical education as part of the UKMED project. This data covers individuals who started at a UK medical school since 2007. The data providers include the Higher Education Statistical Authority, medical schools, Deaneries and the UK Foundation Programme Office. More information about the data we hold and how we use it us available on the UKMED website. 
How we share it
We share personal data with researchers if it is necessary to do so. We only share what is necessary for the research, using secure methods.
Where possible we provide researchers with anonymised or pseudonymised data for research purposes. UKMED research data is always pseudonymised.
When we publish research or statistics we apply disclosure controls to make sure individuals can't be identified from the data.
National training surveys
Why we hold it
The Medical Act 1983 requires us to monitor and report on the standard of medical training in the UK. The survey helps us make sure that doctors in training receive high quality training in a safe and effective clinical environment and trainers are well supported in their role. 
We also use the national training surveys to support research into medical training.
What we hold
On an annual basis we issue the national training surveys to doctors in training and their trainers. We hold the answers doctors give us about their experience of postgraduate training.
How we share it
Read our confidentiality statement explaining how we use and share national training surveys data.
Consultations
We run consultations on a range of topics related to our regulatory functions. As part of the process we record the names and contact information of respondents, as well as their answers. 
Why we hold it
We hold this information so that we can carry out research and analysis of the responses, and keep in touch with respondents about the outcome of the consultation. We ask respondents for their email addresses so that we can confirm registration on our consultation site, contact them if they forget their password and notify them of any upcoming consultations that are in line with their interests, where they have asked us to do so.
How we share it
At the end of the consultation process, we will publish reports explaining our findings and conclusions. We won’t include any personally identifiable information in these reports, but may include illustrative quotes from consultation responses. We may also provide responses to third parties for quality assurance or to approved research projects, which are anonymised before disclosure where possible. 
Social media
We use several social media sites and applications to raise awareness of our work and promote good medical practice. Please note that your use of these sites will be subject to each one’s terms and conditions. Please read their privacy and cookie notices carefully and check your personal settings where appropriate to make sure you're happy with how your information will be used by the social media site. We don’t actively collect data you submit to any third party websites, but may collect aggregated information (that doesn’t identify you) to help us monitor access to our content.
Our apps, website analytics and data
We collect some information about users of our ‘My CPD’ and ‘My GMC’ mobile apps. We also use cookies on the GMC and MPTS websites. See the cookies section for specific information on the cookies we use and their purpose.
Third parties
We work with our digital agency partner, Mando, to continuously improve your digital experience with us. As a result, they have access to our Google Analytics and Hotjar accounts as a Data Processor, providing advice on how to improve our user experience. 
Google Analytics and Webtrends
We use Google Analytics and Webtrends (for our older sites/microsites) to monitor site usage. For information on how to opt-out of tracking by Google products, please visit their safeguarding your data page.
As part of Google Analytics, we have enabled Google Advertising Features. These features allow us to view general aggregated demographic information about our users, such as age group, gender, interest categories, etc. To opt-out of this tracking across Google's Advertising Network, please visit Google's Ads Settings page.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar to better understand our users’ needs and to optimise this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (eg how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc). This helps us build and maintain our service with user feedback.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymised form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymised user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, see Hotjar’s privacy policy.
You can opt out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt out link.
Retention periods for personal data
Our records retention schedule explains how long we will keep personal data for. You can look at the full schedule here.
