
PRIVACY POLICY
 
This privacy policy explains how we (Goldberry LLC) collect, use, share and transfer your personal data when you use the services provided on our mobile application Еспресо – новости и ТВ (the "Service", “Espresso”, “Espresso app”). 
Everything that we do is guided by our values – including how and why we hold and use your personal data. 
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. 
Sometimes the Service may contain links to third party sites and services. These sites and services have their own privacy policies. If you follow a link to a third party, you should read the privacy policy shown on their site.
Information we collect when you use Espresso app
We collect several different types of information when you use Espresso app for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of data collected
Personal data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Advertising ID, Email address, First name and last name, Social Media Details, Usage Data.
Our policy on sensitive personal information
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect sensitive personal information from individuals, and you must not submit sensitive personal information to us.
If, however, you inadvertently or intentionally transmit sensitive personal information to us, you will be considered to have explicitly consented to us processing that sensitive personal information. We will use and process your sensitive personal information for the purposes of deleting it.
Usage data 
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other diagnostic data. 
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and other diagnostic data.
Advertising ID
The Advertising ID is an anonymous identifier for advertising purposes with respect to your ad tracking preference.
The Advertising ID can be used for various purposes, including recognising a specific device or app, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising on Android devices.
You can reset your advertising ID or opt out of interest-based ads at any time, right from the Google Settings app. 
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. 
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use: 

Session Cookies: we use Session Cookies to operate our Service.   
Preference Cookies: we use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies: we use Security Cookies for security purposes. 

Using your social media details to sign into your Espresso app
When you sign in to our Service using your Facebook and/or Twitter login details, you give permission to Facebook and/or Twitter to share with us your email address and certain aspects of your Facebook and/or Twitter profile if you have made these public on your Facebook and/or Twitter profile. This only includes your first and last name, age range, link to your Facebook and/or Twitter profile and profile picture. We do not have access to updates on your Facebook and/or Twitter profile. 
If you use your Google login details, you give Google permission to share the information that you have made public in your Google profile. This only includes your first and last name, your email address and whether your email address has been validated, your age range, a link to your Google profile and, if you have one, your profile picture.
We will then use this information to form a profile for your Espresso account. If you remove the Espresso app from your Facebook and/or Twitter settings, or if you remove the Espresso from your Google settings, we will no longer have access to this data. However, we will still have the information that we received when you first set up your Espresso account using your Facebook, Twitter and/or Google login.
How we use collected information 
The main reasons why we collect and use data about our users are as follows:

To provide and maintain our Service. 
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service.
To personalise our Service, remembering your settings, displaying personalised advertising as well as measuring how effective our online adverts are. 
To enable us to show personalised advertising on our sites.
To provide customer care and support.
To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
To comply with applicable laws and regulations.

Children's privacy 
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 3 ("Children"). 
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 3. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Transfer of data 
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. 
If you are located outside Ukraine and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Ukraine and process it there. 
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. 
Disclosure of data 
Legal Requirements 
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service.
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public.

Security of data 
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100 % secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your rights in relation to your information
You can contact us with regard to the following rights in relation to your personal data:

Where you have provided us with consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw this at any time.


Where applicable, you may also have a right to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data.
You also have the right to ask us to delete your personal data or restrict our use of your information. There may be exceptions to the right to erasure for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request. 
Where applicable, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data for certain purposes.

If you want to make any of these requests, please contact developer@espreso.tv. 
Contact us for information about how we use your personal data
If you have any questions about how we use your personal data or if you have a concern about how your personal data is used, please contact us via 03087, Ukraine, Kyiv, Adama Mitskevycha Street 10, office 32 (03087, Україна, Київ, вул. Адама Міцкевича 10, оф. 32). Or, email developer@espreso.tv. Or, phone +380442427853.
Complaints will be dealt with and will be responded to within 30 days.
Changes to the privacy policy

Minor changes to our Privacy policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy we will update our Privacy policy with a new effective date stated at the beginning of it. 

Major changes to our Privacy policy

Where we make major changes to our Privacy policy or intend to use your information for a new purpose or a different purpose than the purposes for which we originally collected it, we will notify you by email (where possible) or by posting a notice on our app.
If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt out of any new uses of your data.

