
When you share your personal information on our sites or applications – what happens?
Other users have access to the information you share on eBay. For example, other users can see your bids, purchases, items for sale, your collections, the sellers and collections you follow, storefronts, feedback, ratings, product reviews and associated comments. Other users can also see any information you chose to share in your profile or your collections.
When you use our Services, your public user ID may be displayed and available to the public and associated with all of your public eBay activity. Notices sent to other users about suspicious activity and notice violations on our sites may refer to your public user ID and specific items. If you associate your name with your user ID, the people to whom you have revealed your name may then be able to identify your eBay activities.
To help protect your privacy, we allow only limited access to other users' contact, shipping and financial information as necessary to facilitate your transactions and collect payments. However, when users are involved in a transaction, they have access to each other's name, user ID, email address and other contact and shipping information.
Your responsibilities over transactional information you receive through eBay
When you transact with another user, we enable you to obtain or we may provide you with the personal information of the other user (such as their name, account ID, email address, contact details, shipping and billing address) to complete the transaction. Independent from us, you are the controller of such data and we encourage you to inform the other user about your privacy practices and respect their privacy. In all cases, you must comply with the applicable privacy laws, and must give the other user a chance to remove them from your database and them a chance to review what information you have collected about them.
You may use the personal information that you have access to only for eBay transaction-related purposes, or for other services offered through eBay (such as escrow, shipping, fraud complaints, and member-to-member communications), and for purposes expressly consented by the user to whom the information relates. Using personal information of other users that you have access to for any other purpose constitutes a violation of our User Agreement.
Unwanted or threatening email
We do not tolerate abuse of our Services. You do not have permission to add other users to your mailing list (email or postal), call, or send him/her text messages for commercial purposes, even if this user purchased something from you, unless the user has given his/her explicit consent. Sending unwanted or threatening email and text messages is against our User Agreement. To report eBay-related spam or spoof emails please forward the email to spam@ebay.com or spoof@ebay.com.
Communication tools
We may scan messages automatically and check for spam, viruses, phishing and other malicious activity, illegal or prohibited content or violations of our User Agreement, this privacy notice or our other policies.
Children's Privacy
Our websites are general audience websites and not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from users deemed to be children under their respective national laws.
Third Party Privacy Practices
This privacy notice addresses only our use and handling of personal information we collect from you in connection with providing you our Services. If you disclose your information to a third party, or visit a third party website via a link from our Services, their privacy notices and practices will apply to any personal information you provide to them or they collect from you.
We cannot guarantee the privacy or security of your personal information once you provide it to a third party and we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your personal information. This is true even where the third parties to whom you disclose personal information are bidders, buyers or sellers on our site.

If you have a question or a complaint about this privacy notice, our global privacy standards, or our information handling practices, you can reach the Global Privacy Office in writing at: eBay Inc, Attn: Legal - Global Privacy Office, 2065 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, California 95125, USA.
Your right to file complaints with a data protection supervisory authority remains unaffected.
