

         PRIVACY & SECURITY    

We think it’s great that you're considering buying some of our clothes or want to know about our latest offers. You may give us information about yourself when, for example, you make a purchase from us or sign up to become a Barkers VIP member. By giving us this information we can continue to deliver you the very best service and communication possible. We understand your personal information is confidential and we are committed to protecting it.
We believe the new spam act is really important and we do everything by the book.
Not only because the law says so, but because it’s the way we believe decent sensible companies should be working.
There are a few things that you need to know:First, what we use the information for. We use it to process your transactions, to administer your account, to conduct credit and other checks, for our own internal purposes (like staff training), and to help us to make our website better. We may also use it to promote and market our clothes (and other product lines).
Secondly, sometimes we need to give your details to other people to perform services on our behalf or, so that we can do what you have asked us to do. For example, we need to pass your details to your credit card company when you pay for your order. However we would never authorise those people to use your information for any other purposes.
Thirdly, we do use cookies on the site. That means we can do things like personalise the site for you and remember what you've put into your shopping bag so that when you come back from lunch, that new shirt for your date on Friday night is still sitting there waiting for you. We don’t want you to waste any time! We don't do anything sneaky or nasty with cookies, just things to make things better - honest.
Finally, if you ask us whether we hold personal information about you, we will tell you. You can also ask us for a copy of the information or to make corrections or changes to it.
Just call us on 09 304 2776 or get in contact here 
Anyway that's about it. We do change our privacy policy from time to time, so keep a look out for changes on our website. If you have any questions let us know!


Payment SecurityEnsuring you have a safe and secure shopping experience is of paramount importance to us.
Our entire site and all payments via our site are processed using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol. All sensitive information is encrypted to protect your privacy.
