
Disclosure, Disclaimer, & Privacy Policies :)
 Share Pin EmailShares 0(These policies were last updated September 7th, 2015)
BudgetsAreSexy.com is a personal blog written, and edited, by me – “J. Money” – who is NOT a professional. For questions about this blog, please contact him directly  here.
In accordance with FTC guidelines, we state that we may have a financial relationship with companies mentioned in this website. This may include receiving access to free products and services for product and service reviews and giveaways.
DISCLAIMER:
All content provided on this site is for informational purposes only. While I would love to one day be a banker, CPA, or anything of that sort, I AM NOT. Please seek a professional for any “real” advice. I will, however, be spouting out my own ideas and personal financials in detail for all to enjoy…if you’re into that sort of thing :) I am also not an English major, nor a grammar king. If you enjoy finding mistakes, feel free to shoot me an email with your catches, or simply make fun of me to all your friends (it’s all good).
The information provided here does not constitute direction or advice. BudgetsAreSexy.com makes no representations as to the accuracy, suitability, timeliness, completeness, or validity of any information on this site and will not be liable for any errors, omissions, or any losses, injuries, or damages arising from its display or use. All information is provided on an as-is basis.
DISCLOSURE POLICY:
It’s also important to note that this blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorships, paid insertions, or other forms of compensation. The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog.
The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the blog owners. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.
PRIVACY POLICY
At Budgetsaresexy.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Budgetsaresexy and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, Budgetsaresexy.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Budgetsaresexy.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense & Amazon. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Budgetsaresexy.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Budgetsaresexy.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Budgetsaresexy’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Disclosure, Disclaimer, & Privacy Policies :) was last modified:   by  Share Pin EmailShares 0 