Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive information about the information we maintain about you, update or correct inaccuracies in the information we maintain about you, and have the information blocked or deleted, as appropriate.  Your right to access information we maintain about you may be limited under local law.  You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or to withdraw your consent to our processing of information about you, including to the transfer of information to other countries.  Note, however, that if you exercise your right to object or your rights of blocking or deletion, if you decline to share certain information with us, or if you withdraw your consent to our processing of information about you, we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of DJI Products and Services.You may update, correct, or delete certain DJI account information and preferences by accessing your account preferences page, available through certain DJI Products and Services, including the DJI.com and SkyPixel websites and certain DJI mobile applications. If you wish to access or amend any other information we hold about you, you may contact us at support@dji.com.  Likewise, if you close your DJI account, you will not be able to sign in to DJI Products or Services or access any of your information. However, you can open a new account at any time.  Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit, as authorized under applicable law, for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies.If you receive commercial email or text messages from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or text message. You may also opt out from receiving commercial email or text messages from us by sending your request to us by email at support@dji.com.We use Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data; Google provides some additional privacy options described at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners. We use Flurry by Yahoo! to collect and process certain analytics data; Flurry provides some additional privacy options described at https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo.