Last Updated October 2015
Thank you for visiting Trading Technologies International, Inc. (“Trading Technologies”). We are committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information that you share with us, and explaining how we collect, process, and share that information online.
What information does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on websites, mobile applications, or controlled widgets embedded in communication platforms with a link to this Privacy Policy and related support services (“Sites”). It does not apply to any other information collected by Trading Technologies International, Inc. through any other means. This Policy also doesn’t apply to any Sites maintained or operated by other companies or linked to our Sites. By “Personal Information,” we mean information that identifies you personally. It covers how we collect, use, and share that Personal Information as of the date that this Privacy Policy is posted.
You Consent to Transfer Your Personal Information to the United States
Trading Technologies is based in the United States. If you decide to use this Site, your Personal Information may be transferred to the United States or other countries, and processed according to the terms described in this Privacy Policy. The laws in the United States may not be considered adequate by authorities in your home country. If you prefer not to have your Personal Information transferred to the United States or elsewhere, don’t use this Site. Otherwise, by using this Site, you expressly consent and authorize Trading Technologies to transfer your Personal Information to destinations outside your home country as we see necessary to run our business, and process it according to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
This policy applies to information we collect:

On or with our Sites.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and the Sites or services.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from our website or other third parties, such as Google Play or the Apple App Store, which provide dedicated interaction between you and the Sites and services.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
When you interact with our support personnel and any tools used to facilitate the provision of support.

We collect several types of information from and about users of our Sites and services, including information:

By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline;
Data regarding how you use the Sites;
Demographic information, such as age, gender, interests, geography, browser, or device used; and
Data about your network connection, the equipment and software you use to access our Website, and usage details.

We collect this information:

Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Sites via cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.

Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Sites and related services may include:

Information that you submit via the Sites or otherwise supply to us. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Sites, subscribing to our Sites, posting material, or requesting further information about our Sites.
We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Sites or open a service ticket with Trading Technologies Support.
Records and copies of your correspondence with us and the Sites and related services (such as e-mail, log files and screenshots), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Information relating to transactions or trades you carry out through the Sites.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Sites, or transmitted to other users of the Sites or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of those with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.

If you can’t or choose not to provide us with the Personal Information we reasonably require, we may be unable to provide you with the information or services you have requested.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with the Sites, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Some of this information may be linked to you personally. This information helps our Sites function correctly and supports the work we do to understand the needs of our customers. Examples of this information include:

Details of your use of the Sites, including website related traffic data, location data, logs, age, gender, market segment, interests, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Sites.
We will also collect data related to your use of the Sites when you are conducting trading activities such as billing information, trader IDs, and statistical and other aggregated data derived from your use of Sites.
Information about your device, computer and network connection, including your IP address, operating system, hardware version, device settings, battery and signal strength, and browser type.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language and time zone, and mobile phone number.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. If you continue without changing your settings, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Site. You can change your cookie settings at any time. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Sites.

Advertising, Use of Cookies, and Other Tracking Technologies
We advertise in a number of ways, including online through managed social media presences, and on other unaffiliated sites and mobile applications. To understand how our advertising campaigns are performing, we may collect certain information via our Sites through our advertising service providers. We or our vendors use several common online tracking tools to collect this information, such as browser cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies. The information we collect includes IP addresses, the number of page visits, pages viewed via our Sites, search engine referrals, browsing activities over time and across other websites following your visit to one of our Sites or applications, and responses to advertisements and promotions on the websites and applications where we advertise.
We also use certain information to:

Identify new visitors to our Sites;
Recognize returning visitors;
Advertise on other websites and mobile applications not affiliated with us;
Analyze the effectiveness of our advertisements;
Better understand our audience, customers, or other Site visitors; and
Determine whether you might be interested in new products or services.

Controlling Our Tracking Tools.
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so, however, depends on your browser and the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject all browser cookies. If you configure your computer to block all cookies, you may disrupt certain web page features, and limit the functionality we can provide when you visit or use our Sites. If you block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking that we have described in this policy will stop. Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These browser features are still not uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals.
Controlling Online Interest-Based Ads.
We sometimes work with online advertising vendors to provide you with relevant and useful ads. This may include ads served on other companies’ websites. These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties. For example, your postal code may be used to target an ad for people in your area. These ads may also be based on your activities on our Sites or on third party websites.
For more information about our ad service provider and its cookies, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, you may visit www.aboutads.info/choices. In addition, users may prevent Google’s collection of data generated by your use of the Sites (including your IP address) by downloading and installing a Browser Plugin available at tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information:

To present our Sites and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To provide you with notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Sites or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Sites.
To provide you with support services.
To estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
To store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
To improve your use of the Sites and services.
To recognize you when you return to our Sites.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you.

Disclosure of Your Information
We do not share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing activities. Whatever the purpose may be – whether we share with service providers or other external entities – we only process and share your Personal Information to the extent necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. We may also disclose your Personal Information:

To our subsidiaries and affiliates, which are located in multiple countries around the world.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
With brokers, futures commissions merchants, or other clearing firms with whom you grant permission to share information.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the “share via e-mail” feature of our Sites, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients; and information related to trades entered by you will be shared with the relevant exchanges.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by us is among the assets transferred.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.

We may also disclose your Personal Information:

To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our agreements with you, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property, or safety, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to us. If you signed up to receive newsletters or other marketing communications from us, you can opt-out any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of your email message. Even after you opt-out or update your marketing preferences, please allow us sufficient time to process your marketing preferences. It may take up to 10 days to process your e-mail related requests, and up to 30 days for all other marketing-related requests. And even after you’ve opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional or informational purposes. These include, for example, customer service issues, returns or product-related inquiries, surveys or recalls, or any questions regarding a specific order.
Data Security
The security and confidentiality of your Personal Information matters to us. We have implemented reasonable measures designed to secure your Personal Information from loss or unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. We also review our security procedures periodically to consider appropriate new technology and updated methods. Even so, despite our reasonable efforts, no security measure is ever perfect or impenetrable.
How can you access, update, or block your Personal Information?
You can update the shipping or billing information, as well as other Personal Information, you provided to us by logging-in to the My Account page, and making the appropriate changes or corrections yourself by clicking the edit button next to “Contact Information.” You can also update your newsletter preferences by logging-in to the My Account page or contact us directly at the address below. If you wish to de-activate your account, you may do so by contacting our customer support team at Please enable Javascript to see the email address. Once you do so, your account will then be de-activated on a going-forward basis, although certain Personal Information may still be retained in accordance with our Record Retention Policy or to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
For UK consumers: The Data Protection Act gives you the right to access information held about you by us. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of up to £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Minors and Children Under 13
Our Sites are not intended for minors. We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly track the use of our Sites by minors.
How can you file a complaint, ask questions, or send us comments about this Privacy Policy?
If you have any questions, have a complaint, a request or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, e-mail us at Please enable Javascript to see the email address or call or write to us. We will investigate your complaint, and use reasonable efforts to respond to you as soon as possible.
Our postal address is:
Trading Technologies International, Inc.
Attn.: Privacy Office
222 South Riverside Plaza
Suite 1100
Chicago, IL 60606
(312) 476-1000
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make a material change to how we collect, use, or disclose Personal Information, we will prominently post an updated Privacy Policy on our Sites. Where required to do so by law, we may seek your prior consent to any material changes we make to this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with our Privacy Policy changes, you may de-activate your account.
