
In the following cases, SAP is permitted to process your Personal Data under the applicable data protection law.
Providing the requested goods or services. If you order goods or services from SAP, SAP will use the Personal Data that you enter into the order or registration form (usually (a subset of) your name, (email) address, telephone number, company name and address, your job title and role and, if payment is to be made to SAP, credit card number or bank details) only to process your order or to provide the requested goods or service. This may include taking the necessary steps prior to entering into the contract, responding to your related inquiries, and providing you with shipping and billing information and to process or provide customer feedback and support. This may also include conversation data that you may trigger via the chat functionalities on SAP.com or other local SAP web presences, contact forms, emails, or telephone. In this Privacy Statement, “goods and services” includes (access to) SAP’s web services, offerings, contests, sweepstakes, other content, non-marketing related newsletters, whitepapers, tutorials, trainings and events.
If you participate in tutorials or trainings provided by SAP, SAP may also track your learning progress in order to make this information available to you. Furthermore, we communicate on a regular basis by email with users who subscribe to our services, and we may also communicate by phone to resolve customer complaints or investigate suspicious transactions. We may use your email address to confirm your opening of an account, to send you notice of payments, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, users cannot opt out of these communications, which are not marketing-related but merely required for the relevant business relationship. With regard to marketing-related types of communication (i.e. emails and phone calls), SAP will (i) where legally required only provide you with such information after you have opted in and (ii) provide you the opportunity to opt out if you do not want to receive further marketing-related types of communication from us. You can opt out of these at any time at https://www.sap.com/unsubscribe.
Ensuring compliance. SAP and its products, technologies, and services are subject to the export laws of various countries including, without limitation, those of the European Union and its member states, and of the United States of America. You acknowledge that, pursuant to the applicable export laws, trade sanctions, and embargoes issued by these countries, SAP is required to take measures to prevent entities, organizations, and parties listed on government-issued sanctioned-party lists from accessing certain products, technologies, and services through SAP’s websites or other delivery channels controlled by SAP. This may include (i) automated checks of any user registration data as set out herein and other information a user provides about his or her identity against applicable sanctioned-party lists; (ii) regular repetition of such checks whenever a sanctioned-party list is updated or when a user updates his or her information; (iii) blocking of access to SAP’s services and systems in case of a potential match; and (iv) contacting a user to confirm his or her identity in case of a potential match.
Furthermore, you acknowledge that any information required to track your choices regarding the processing or use of your Personal Data or receipt of marketing materials (that is to say, depending on the country in which the relevant SAP Group company operates, whether you have expressly consented to or opted out of receiving marketing materials) may be stored and exchanged between members of the SAP Group as required to ensure compliance.
SAP’s legitimate interest. Each of the use cases below constitutes a legitimate interest of SAP to process or use your Personal Data. If you do not agree with this approach, you may object against SAP’s processing or use of your Personal Data as set out below.
Questionnaires and surveys. SAP may invite you to participate in questionnaires and surveys. These questionnaires and surveys will be generally designed in a way that they can be answered without any Personal Data. If you nonetheless enter Personal Data in a questionnaire or survey, SAP may use such Personal Data to improve its products and services.
Creation of anonymized data sets. SAP may anonymize Personal Data provided under this Privacy Statement to create anonymized data sets, which will then be used to improve its and its affiliates’ products and services.
Recording of calls and chats for quality improvement purposes. In case of telephone calls or chat sessions, SAP may record such calls (after informing you accordingly during that call and before the recording starts) or chat sessions in order to improve the quality of SAP’s services.
In order to keep you up-to-date/request feedback. Within an existing business relationship between you and SAP, SAP may inform you, where permitted in accordance with local laws, about its products or services (including webinars, seminars or events) which are similar or relate to such products and services you have already purchased or used from SAP. Furthermore, where you have attended a webinar, seminar or event of SAP or purchased products or services from SAP, SAP may contact you for feedback regarding the improvement of the relevant webinar, seminar, event, product or service.
Right to object. You may object to SAP using Personal Data for the above purposes at any time by unsubscribing at https://www.sap.com/unsubscribe. If you do so, SAP will cease using your Personal Data for the above purposes (that is to say, under a legitimate interest set out above) and remove it from its systems unless SAP is permitted to use such Personal Data for another purpose set out in this Privacy Statement or SAP determines and demonstrates a compelling legitimate interest to continue processing your Personal Data. 
