Casumo Services Limited
Casumo Services Limited (”Casumo” or “We”) respects Your privacy and is dedicated to protecting the privacy of those persons using (“User(s)” or “You”) our websites, including www.tuhoatylsyys.com, any game(s) provided by Casumo, or any other services provided by us (“Service”). This Privacy Policy helps You to understand what Casumo collects, and how We use it. This Privacy Policy shall apply to Your use of the Service and we encourage You to read this document before using it. If You do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.
Personal data refers to information, which allows Users to be specifically identified as individual persons. We may also collect “non-personal data” meaning it can’t be used to specifically identify any persons. We collect and use both types of information and combinations of both types.
Casumo shall not be responsible for the actions of third parties (including people, companies or services), the content of third-party websites, the use of information User provides to them, or any products or services they may offer.

The purpose of processing the personal data

Personal data may be processed for the purposes of creating Service accounts, using, maintaining, customizing and developing the Service, contacting Users, providing services, sending customer and marketing information to Users, enabling communication in the Service, conducting research and creating reports. Casumo may use collected information also to create a user profile. Casumo commits to adhere to the provisions of The EU's Data Protection Directive and other such applicable laws and regulations pertaining to processing of personal data, as well as process personal data in compliance with good processing practice. All personnel processing personal data are obliged to keep such information strictly confidential.

 How we collect data about You and what data is collected

We collect several categories of data: (i) information You give to Us, (ii) technically gathered information when You use our Service, and (iii) information from third parties (including social networking sites without being limited to those) in relation to our service.
The Service may be able to connect to your social networking sites and profiles to obtain information about you when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Casumo and, consequently Casumo may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available.
We will collect data that you voluntarily give to us, for example when you sign up for or use our Service. This data can include your user name or e-mail address. We will also collect data that is technically gathered when you use our Service. This data may include Your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service. In order to enhance the service Casumo may use tools or third-party analytical tools to collect and use non-personal data. The above information will be collected from Users when they sign up for the Service. IP-addresses, operating system, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses might be collected automatically. Casumo may use this information to monitor and analyze the use of the Services. Casumo may, at its own initiative or upon a User’s request, complement, correct or delete incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal data.

 Disclosure of information

Casumo is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in the Services. Casumo will not disclose personal information stored in the register to third parties for direct marketing, market research, polls or public registers without User’s consent, unless such action are required under any applicable law or regulation or order by competent authorities, or in order to enforce the Terms and Conditions of the Service and to investigate possible infringing use of the Service. Casumo is not responsible for any processing of personal data by third parties. The data or profiles might be used for targeted in-Service marketing and other similar purposes.
Casumo may share Your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Aggregate or anonymous information about You may be shared with advertisers, publishers, business partners, and other third parties. Casumo may use external service providers to provide technical solutions or services for processing stored data and access the stored data by using a technical interface. Casumo has right to share personal data as necessary for the aforementioned service providers to provide their services to Casumo. Casumo is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties. Casumo may host the service in and transfer data for this purpose to countries outside the European Union or the European Economic Area in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy.

 Protection of Information

The register will be maintained in external service providers’ servers with appropriate safeguards and is protected by appropriate industry standards. Although We make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, We cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Casumo will post a notice on the Casumo website or through the Services in case material security breach that endangers Your privacy or Personal Information. Casumo may also temporarily shut down a service to protect Personal Information.

 Cookies and Tracking Technology

Casumo uses cookies to help it identify and track visitors, their usage of the Service and website, and their website access preferences, improving quality, tailoring recommendations, and developing the Service and Service related services. Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Service and/or website, with the drawback that certain features of the website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
The cookies will not enable Casumo to access and review information stored on a User’s computer. Casumo may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to User’s computer/device so the content accessed and advertisements can be tracked. These third party services shall be governed by separate privacy policies and this Privacy Policy does not apply and Casumo shall not be responsible for such third party data collection.

 Information on the processing of personal data

Users are entitled to review any information collected on him/her and stored in the register. When User wishes to use the above right to review stored information, User should send a signed request thereof to Casumo using the contact details below. Users may opt-out of receiving promotional emails by following the instructions in those emails. If You opt-out, Casumo may still send You non-promotional customer information.

 Changes to the Privacy Policy

Casumo may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Casumo‘s sole discretion. All changes hereto will be made available on this website, which is why Casumo encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Changes hereto will not prejudice Users’ rights without their consent.

 Controller and the person in charge

The User may at any time contact Casumo at the address below.
Casumo Services Limited
Registration number: C55663
Registered address: Ground Floor, Forth Mansions, Ta’ Xbiex Sea Front, Ta’ Xbiex, XBX1027, Malta.
www.tuhoatylsyys.com
info@casumo.com
