
Privacy Policy:
Effective: May 25, 2018
At Pixologic Inc. ("Pixologic" or "we" / "our") data protection and confidentiality is a high priority. This privacy policy explains how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by Pixologic when you use our website and services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us.
Our Privacy Policy is intended to describe to you how and what data we collect, and how and why we use your personal data. It also describes options we provide for you to access, update, or otherwise take control of your personal data that we process.
If at any time you have questions about our practices and the details found below, you may reach out to our data controller at privacy@pixologic.com.
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, depending on the specific amendments, we may provide you with additional notice and details. We encourage you to review the privacy policy whenever you access our Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Data controller and contact information:
Pixologic Inc. 
		6410 Santa Monica Blvd, Bldg 10
		Los Angeles, CA 90038 
		Phone: +1 (323) 461-1291
privacy@pixologic.com
What information do we collect?
We request and/or process data from you when you visit and perform an action on our website, or register our software. The following is the data we request and/or process for different actions you perform on the website.
When contacting us, requesting support, or registering on our site, you may be asked to provide your:

Name
E-mail address
Mailing address
Phone number (optional)

When requesting support, additional information may include:

Software details
Hardware details
Company name

When ordering a product, additional information may include:

Billing address
Credit card information
After a transaction, your financial information (credit cards, CVC, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

Other information that may automatically be captured when visiting our site or submitting a form include:

IP address
Country
Time of visit and/or time of form submission
Other data that could directly or indirectly identify you

What legal basis do we have for processing personal data?
Processing of your personal data requires a legal basis. Processing of your data is only done when necessary to provide the relevant information for the stated purpose. These purposes includes:

Providing software licensing information
Providing software update and upgrade information
Providing answers to queries about updates, transfers, upgrades, issues, and licensing
Providing communication about updates, upgrades, issues, and licensing
Providing communication via email in the form of newsletters, special offers, and event promotion
Providing ongoing service and support

The most predominant legal bases for our processing of your personal data are:

When Pixologic is pursuing legitimate interests
When you provide consent (Opt-In)
When we’ve entered into a contract with you
When we have a legal obligation or requirement

What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

To personalize your experience
			Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website
			We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
			Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
			Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
			To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature.
To send periodic emails
			The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving updates, or service information, etc.
To send newsletter emails
			The email address you provide to sign up for newsletters will be used to send useful information in relation to our product.

Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we always include an unsubscribe option at the bottom of each email.
Mailing Lists
We also operate several subscription-based email lists. These lists are "opt-in" lists. We will only add you to a mailing lists if have expressly indicated your desire to receive the emails for a particular list. We will promptly all requests to be removed from any or all email lists subscribed to. Such requests may be sent to privacy@pixologic.com.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied personal and credit information is transmitted via Transport Layer Security technology (RSA Encryption) and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your financial information (credit cards, CVC, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. The Pixologic website uses cookies to collect traffic data and traffic through the purchase process. No personal data is collected. This information is passed on to analytic reports and used to monitor site traffic and completed purchases.
We have implemented the following:

Remarketing with Analytics
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
Integrated services that require Analytics to collect data via anonymous identifiers
We, along with third-party vendors (such as Google), use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) or other third-party identifierstogether to compile data regarding user interactions as they relate to our website. 

To clear your cookies, view these instructions. You may also opt-out using this browser add-on.
Do we transfer personal data abroad?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. Also, when you call us or initiate a chat, we may provide you with support from one of our global locations outside your country of origin. In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy.
Do we use third-party links?
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Deletion of personal data
You have the right to erasure. We will delete your personal data when we no longer need to process it in relation to one or more of the purposes set out above. Generally, we will store the most current data provided for as long as you use our Services.
However, the data may be processed and stored for a longer period in order to provide you information on orders and services, and/or for us to improve the Services.
You may request your information be deleted by contacting privacy@pixologic.com and Pixologic will delete the personal information it holds about you (unless we need to retain it for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy).
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the privacy policy modification date herein.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://pixologic.com/terms-and-conditions/#termsconditions.
Contact and complaints
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) and believe we maintain your personal data subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to your National Data Protection Authority (DPA):
Find your National DPA
If you wish to appeal against the processing of your personal data or if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us privacy@pixologic.com.

