Privacy policy
Blackmores’ system for complying with Australian privacy requirements includes:

• our commitment to compliance with privacy requirements;
• our policy and approach to privacy, as explained in this information;
• our resources allocated to privacy, including our technology systems and services; and
• our people and the training and education we undertake.



Collecting your personal information

Depending on your involvement with Blackmores, we may collect personal information about you such as your name, your contact details, and other information about you such as your age and health.  

We collect this information when you contact us, or when we ask you for it and you, or others on your behalf authorised by you, provide it to us.

Where you prefer that we do not collect your personal information, we may not be able to assist you or provide services or undertake activities that we would otherwise provide or undertake.

Where reasonably possible, we seek to work with information and records from which personal information has been removed.

When we use and disclose personal information, in addition to complying with privacy laws and requirements, we comply with applicable laws including those relating to our products.

We also collect information that may or may not include your personal information, through technology and tools that tell us when a computer or device has visited or accessed our content.  Those tools include services from search engines and other companies that help us to tailor our content, products and services to better suit consumers and customers.  Search engines provide facilities to allow you to indicate your preferences in relation to the use of those tools in connection with computers and other devices controlled or used by you.

Using your personal information
Generally, we use your personal information for our activities and business, and in our efforts to expand and improve our business.  Examples include:

 providing information about our products and services, including dealing with any enquiry or complaint;   
providing information to professional practitioners about our products and services, including about how our products might be of benefit to members of the public to whom they provide advice;
 operating programmes and forums in different media in which you are able to share information, including your personal information, with us and publicly (on the Terms applicable);
 providing you with marketing communications, newsletters and alerts, surveys and invitations and offers for products including new products that may be of interest to you (and if we do so, we will provide you with a way to opt out);
to administer and manage promotions and competitions;
to determine if you are eligible for certain products, services or programmes;
 for a business or professional relationship we may have with you;
 if you apply for employment with us, to consider your application;
 to evaluate our products and services, and conduct consumer research;
 to amend records to remove personal information; and
 for other everyday business purposes that involve use of personal information.


Storing and Disclosing your personal information
We use various systems and services to safeguard the personal information we store and use, as part of our business systems and processes.

Like many companies, these systems and services may be international in operation and include other parts of Blackmores and our related companies or entities overseas. They may also be provided byother people and organisations assisting us with services, located both in and outside Australia. 

When we pass on or share your personal information in this way, we take steps to ensure it is treated in the same way that we would treat it.

We do our best to keep records of personal information up to date and accurate and not to keep personal information that is no longer needed.

We sometimes have to pass on your personal information to third parties for legal or safety reasons or other special circumstances.

Contact with Blackmores about your personal information 
You may wish to contact Blackmores to access your personal information, to seek to correct it or to make a complaint about privacy.

You can contact us by completing the form located at:

https://www.blackmores.com.au/contact-us

and selecting “Privacy enquiries” from the drop-down menu. 

Our privacy email contact address is privacy@blackmores.com.au and further contact details for Blackmores and privacy are set out below.

Blackmores Limited
20 Jubilee Avenue
WARRIEWOOD NSW 2102 
AUSTRALIA
Phone:  1800 803 760 

We will respond to your request for access to personal information we hold about you as soon as we reasonably can, including if we are unable to provide you with access (such as when we no longer hold the information).

We do not impose any charge for a request for access, but we may charge you a reasonable fee for our costs associated with providing you with access and retrieval costs.

For complaints about privacy, we will establish in consultation with you a reasonable process, including time frames, for seeking to resolve your complaint.

We use various systems and services to safeguard the personal information we store and use, as part of our business systems and processes.Like many companies, these systems and services may be international in operation and include other parts of Blackmores and our related companies or entities overseas. They may also be provided byother people and organisations assisting us with services, located both in and outside Australia.When we pass on or share your personal information in this way, we take steps to ensure it is treated in the same way that we would treat it.We do our best to keep records of personal information up to date and accurate and not to keep personal information that is no longer needed.We sometimes have to pass on your personal information to third parties for legal or safety reasons or other special circumstances.You may wish to contact Blackmores to access your personal information, to seek to correct it or to make a complaint about privacy.You can contact us by completing the form located at:https://www.blackmores.com.au/contact-usand selecting “Privacy enquiries” from the drop-down menu.Our privacy email contact address is privacy@blackmores.com.au and further contact details for Blackmores and privacy are set out below.Blackmores Limited20 Jubilee AvenueWARRIEWOOD NSW 2102AUSTRALIAPhone: 1800 803 760We will respond to your request for access to personal information we hold about you as soon as we reasonably can, including if we are unable to provide you with access (such as when we no longer hold the information).We do not impose any charge for a request for access, but we may charge you a reasonable fee for our costs associated with providing you with access and retrieval costs.For complaints about privacy, we will establish in consultation with you a reasonable process, including time frames, for seeking to resolve your complaint.If you are a retail customer, please also refer to our Credit Reporting Policy
Last updated: June 2016
    
    
June 2016