
Provided by Rolan Micallef Attard trading as:
Rolan Micallef Attard FIA, CPA, MBA (eBusiness), holder of certified public accountant warrant for Malta with number AB/22/89, with registered address at 39, Valletta Road, Attard ATD 9052, Malta, and trading also as www.yesitmatters.com.
This document sets out our policy in relation to any personal information which you supply to us through your use of this website www.yesitmatters.com. By providing your personal information through this website you agree to the collection, storage and use of your personal information by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we change this policy we will post changes on this page so that you are always aware of them. By continuing to use this website after such changes have been posted you will be deemed to have accepted and consented to them, whether you revisit this page or not.
www.yesitmatters.com uses cookies. We collect certain information or data about you when you use www.yesitmatters.com and/or its blog.
This includes:
• questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you send an email to yesitmatters.com directly or through the website, or leave a post on the website blog,
• your IP address, and details of which version of web browser you used information on how you use the website and other information, using cookies and page tagging techniques,
• other details you may leave when submitting a blog post.
This helps us to:
• improve the site by monitoring how you use it,
• respond to any feedback you send us, if you’ve asked us to,
• provide you with information about local or other services if you want it.
We cannot identify you personally unless you provide us voluntarily with your personal data.
You may browse our website without disclosing personal data. However, if you register, and/or order products or services from us by completing our online forms or contact us by e-mail or post on our blog, we may also collect personal information from you so that we can fulfil your request and contact you in case there is a query with your request. You will be notified of the details we will be requesting from you and you will be at liberty as to whether to accept to provide us with your personal data or otherwise.
Transmitting information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of your data. Any data you transmit is at your own risk. We have procedures and security features in place to try and keep your data secure once we receive it.
We store our data on our and third party servers in Europe, yet for various reasons it may be stored outside Europe. This data could be viewed by authorised staff. By submitting any of your data you agree to this.
Visitors are not required to register to gain access to areas of the website. In certain cases as our website experience expands, we may require visitors to register in order to obtain a user-id and password for authentication and secure access to a transaction or certain business confidential or proprietary information services.
Personally identifiable information provided to us through its website is provided voluntarily by website visitors. Should visitors subsequently choose to unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations, we will provide instructions on the way to do this.
We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so, or if we have to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements. In addition to providing our services and products to you as set out above, we will also use your information for market research purposes and credit control purposes once you provide it.
We may also use this information to notify you about our services and products, legal developments and training sessions or events which we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such information, please write to www.YesItMatters.com 39, Valletta Road, Attard ATD 9052, Malta.
We will not share your personal information except within our Firm and our related associates, partnerships or corporations, or the partners, agents or employees thereof, in order to provide you with the service you have requested. In order to provide services to you we may be required to pass your personal information to parties located outside of the European Economic Area in countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in Malta. Where this is the case we will take reasonable steps to ensure the privacy of your information. In order to provide any referral service to third parties we will only do so either with your express consent or where in our opinion the service offered by the third party could complement your requirement, in which case we will pass your contact details on to the third party, unless you expressly inform us not to do so. Except in the situations listed above or as required by law or other regulation, we will not pass, disclose, rent or sell your personal information (other than any personal information which is already publicly available) to any third party without your prior written consent.
We have a Data Protection Policy and strict internal procedures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, improper use, alteration, unintended destruction or other loss.
Cookies are used on our website. “Cookies” are small text files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing a more customised website experience. For example, a cookie can be used to store registration information in an area of the site so that a user does not need to re-enter it on subsequent visits to that area. It is our policy to use cookies to make navigation of our website easier for visitors and to facilitate efficient registration procedures. Site statistics are compiled by third parties, and therefore your IP address and other technical/navigational data such as domains and browser types, will be passed to third parties for statistical reporting only.
Our website that links to other websites through links, widgets and embeds, which websites do not operate under our privacy policy. When you link to other websites, our privacy policy no longer apply. We encourage you to review each third party website’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
You have the right, to a copy of any of your personal data which we hold according to the Data Protection Act Cap. 440 of the Laws of Malta.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting changes online. It is your responsibility to refer to these terms and conditions on accessing this website. Continued use of this website after such changes to the terms and conditions constitutes acceptance of those posted changes.
Last updated: 5th January 2015

