

				You find the details below for our Privacy Policy and  E-Ticket Services Policy



What information do we collect?:

				We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order.:

				When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or Cognitive Consulting. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

				Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..

What do we use your information for?:

				Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways::

				> To process transactions

				Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.


				> To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature


				> To send periodic emails

				The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.

How do we protect your information?:

				We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.:

				We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.

				After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

Do we use cookies?:

				Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information

				We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

Do we disclose any information to outside parties?:

				We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third party links:

				Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

				Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

				As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.

Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance:

				We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.


Online Privacy Policy Only:

				This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

Terms and Conditions:

				Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at: http://www.islandmix.com/terms

Your Consent:

				By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.

Changes to our Privacy Policy

				If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.:

				This policy was last modified on September 26, 2012

Contacting Us:

				If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.:

				http://www.islandmix.com/backchat/sendmessage.php

				 

				 

E-Ticket Services Policy

					OUR E-TICKET SERVICES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

					IslandMix provides the following services: (i) displaying and listing Events as submitted by the Event organizer, promoter, producer, presenter, or manager ; (ii) accepting and processing customers'on-line orders for tickets to the Event that the customer wishes to attend; and (iii) providing the customer with a confirmation notification in the form of an email for their transaction. For all Events, the Event  organizer, promoter, producer, presenter, or manager ; provides their Paypal account to receive customer payments directly. ISLANDMIX DOES  NOT RECEIVE YOUR TICKET PURCHASE FUNDS AND HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY REFUNDS.

					Any e-ticket confirmation issued is subject to the following conditions and may be revoked by the Event organizer, promoter, producer, presenter, manager, and/or proprietor of the venue for breach of any of the specified conditions:



					No refunds or exchanges on any ticket, booking fee, service fee or delivery fee except where required by Law.

					Tickets reported as lost or stolen may not be honored and may not be replaced nor the price refunded. 

					The ticket purchaser/holder ("Holder") voluntarily assumes all risk of property loss and personal injury arising during its use.

					The Organiser of the event reserves the right to add, withdraw, reshedule or substitute any artist, team or performer.

					The Organiser of the event reserves the right to change pricing, show times, door times, seating layouts, venue capacity without notice.

					The right of admission is reserved and is subject to the organisers and venues terms of admission. These additional terms are available from the Venue or Organiser upon request.

					Late arrival to the venue may result in a delay in entry to premises.

					Tickets will be void if on-sold or traded at a premium or in conjunction with other goods or services, or used in advertising or as a competition prize, without written permission from Organizer. In the event of a breach of this condition, the ticket holder will be denied admission or expelled.

					Where applicable, suitable identification will be required at the time of ticket pickup to prove that the conditions required for entry is met.

					The Ticket Holder consents to and will permit the search and inspection of his or her person, clothing, bags or other possessions by any official, employee or agent of the proprietor of the venue and/or the organizer of the event both prior to and after the Ticket Holders entry to the venue.

					The Ticket Holder is forbidden from taking any of the following articles into the venue:
					> Banners, placards, flags or poles for displaying the same, or material for the construction or assembly of such articles; or Any article which is likely to injure or annoy other persons, including chemical substances which give off noxious fumes or smoke, glass bottles, alcoholic beverages, illegal drugs, weapons, loud hailers; or Laser pointers or other lighting / pointing devices of any type; or Goods intended for sale (if no written permit is held from the proprietor of the venue). Any article which may hamper or impede the conduct of the event.

					Cameras, flash photography, video recorders or audio recorders of any type may be prohibited.

					The Ticket Holder will be required to leave the venue if he or she: Engages in conduct which unreasonably interferes with the enjoyment of the event by the patrons, including fighting; or Hampers or impedes the conduct of the event; or Breaches any by-laws or orders applicable to the venue.

					Pickup tickets can only be collected by the person who purchased them. If they are being picked up using a credit card as ID the card holder must be the person picking up the tickets.

					Any breach of these conditions shall automatically revoke the Ticket Holders license to remain at the venue.

					Purchase or use of this ticket constitutes acceptance of these terms.


				 
