
Any data and information made accessible by this website is made available on an "As is" and "As available" basis without any warranty or representations, either expressed or implied. Access to this website and the downloading of data and information from such website are at the user’s own risk.

All data, information or other proprietary notices are protected by copyright and together displayed with trademarks, logo etc, will remain the property of Ramboll.

Images on this website are the property of Ramboll unless otherwise specified. These images may be downloaded and used free of charge, providing that all intellectual property rights are adhered to and Ramboll is cited as the source of such image. Images from other sources may not be used without the owner's permission/consent.

Users of Ramboll websites are temporarily permitted to download and store one or more pages for viewing purposes only. Any other use, including reproduction, permanent storage, or retransmission, of the contents of this website is prohibited without the prior written consent of Ramboll Group A/S.Ramboll Group A/S and any of its subsidiaries are under no circumstances liable – whether direct, indirect or consequential - for any loss or damage arising out of the use or reliance of any data or information available at or accessible from any of the Ramboll Group A/S’ websites.This legal notice shall be governed by Danish law. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this legal notice, or concerning the contents of any data or information made available to users of this website and websites made accessible by this website shall, unless solved amicably, be decided exclusively by the Danish Courts in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Cookies and privacy policy
Information we automatically collect
We automatically collect statistical information regarding website traffic. Part of this information is collected through the use of cookies. A cookie is a small text file saved to your computer and allows our website to follow your visit and to recognise your computer when you visit our website again. A cookie is not a program and does not contain virus, nor spreads malicious software. Cookies will be used to measure traffic, develop and improve our web services. 

We may use cookies to save your preferences or language to provide a better experience on our websites.

We automatically log the following information about your visit:

Internet Protocol (IP) address & Internet Service Provider
geography
time of access
browser type and language
operating system
screen resolution
the web page you visited before our site

We collect information about your usage and activity on our sites e.g. visited pages, words searched for in our site search engine and whether your computer/browser has previously accessed our sites.

The information collected by these cookies is stored on servers in Denmark, and will not be used for any other purposes than to help improve the services it provides to our users and for internal reporting in Ramboll. We use our own products, and products of third parties acting on our behalf, to analyse, optimise and improve our sites.
Cookies used on our sites
Ramboll uses Webtrends and Google Analytics, which are web analytics services. These provide us with statistical information about users. Webtrends and Google Analytics process IP addresses and information from cookies used on the Ramboll websites, so that we know how many page views these have, the number of users, what browsers users are using (so that we can target resources in the right way to maximise compatibility for the majority of users) and in which country, city or region users are located.
Third party cookies
We sometimes embed photos and video content from websites such as YouTube. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded from other websites, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. Ramboll does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the relevant third-party website for more information about their use of cookies.

All our websites use embedded "share" buttons to enable users to easily share information with friends through a number of popular social networks. These sites may set a cookie when you are also logged in to their service. Ramboll does not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should check the relevant third-party website for more information about their use of cookies.
The use of Google Maps on our websites
Users are bound by the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy).
How to reject or delete cookies
If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our websites, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. 

Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.

Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact the functionality of the Ramboll websites.
Personal information
When you use this website Ramboll Group A/S will as data controller collect, store, or use personally identifiable data about you such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, IP addresses, information on your use of the website or other personal information you have explicitly provided it to us e.g. by filling in a mail or subscription form. 

We may process such information in order to provide you with the services on our website, process your requests and to ensure that the information is treated diligently e.g. by access restricting our systems. Ramboll Group A/S is thus collecting and processing your personal data for legitimate interests of Ramboll Group A/S and your personal data is processed based on that Ramboll Group A/S’ interest in processing the personal data overrides your interests. 

All data will be treated as confidential information and will only be used for the purpose as set out above.  

Your personal data may be accessed by Ramboll group entities worldwide on a need to know basis. Ramboll Group A/S use external service providers for hosting and operating this website and your personal data may be accessed and processed by such service providers strictly on behalf of Ramboll Group A/S.

Please be informed that the level of data protection as currently applied and enforced in countries outside the European Union does not conform to the level of data protection for personal data currently applied and enforced within the European Union. The transfer of data between Ramboll group entities will be based on Binding Corporate Rules or the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses. You may request a copy of the Binding Corporate Rules by contacting privacy@ramboll.com.

Ramboll Group A/S may engage third party service providers that will have access to and process your personal data. If such third-party services providers process your personal data outside of the EU/EEA, such transfer of personal data will either be subject to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses. You can request a copy of the agreement covering the transfer of personal data by contacting privacy@ramboll.com.

Ramboll Group A/S will keep your personal data for up to two years, unless Ramboll Group A/S is required under applicable law to keep your personal data for a longer period of time.

You can obtain further information on the personal data which Ramboll Group A/S stores and processes about you by contacting privacy@ramboll.com. Further, you may object to your personal data being processed or request that your personal data is rectified. If you wish to object to your personal data being processed or have your data rectified, please contact privacy@ramboll.com with this message. Further, if you have any complaints about Ramboll Group A/S’ processing of your personal data, you may contact the Danish Data Protection Agency.

