
This website is accessible for the purpose only of providing general information regarding Ramboll Group A/S and its subsidiaries (each and together referred to as ‘Ramboll’), and is made in accordance with Danish law.

Any data and information made accessible by this website is made available on an "As is" and "As available" basis without any warranty or representations, either expressed or implied. Access to this website and the downloading of data and information from such website are at the user of the website’s own risk.

All data and information and other proprietary notices are protected by copyright and are together with displayed trademarks and logo etc. the property of Ramboll.

Images on this website are the property of Ramboll unless specified otherwise. These images may be downloaded and used free of charge, provided that all immaterial rights are adhered to and Ramboll is mentioned as the source of such image. Images from other sources may not be used without the owner's permission.
Users of the websites are on a temporarily basis allowed to download and store one or more of these pages for viewing purposes only. Any other use, including reproduction, permanent storage, or retransmission, of the contents of this website is prohibited without the prior written consent of Ramboll Group A/S.

Ramboll Group A/S and any of its subsidiaries are under no circumstances liable – whether direct, indirect or consequential - for any loss or damage arising out of the use or reliance of any data or information available at or accessible from any of the Ramboll Group A/S’s websites.

This legal notice shall be governed by Danish law. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this legal notice or concerning the contents of any data or information made available to users of this website and websites made accessible by this website  shall, unless solved amicably, be decided exclusively by the Danish Courts in Copenhagen, Denmark.


Cookies and privacy policy
You are anonymous as a user of Ramboll's websites. In other words, we do not automatically register any information that can identify you personally.
Information we automatically collect
In order to develop and improve our websites and measure traffic on the sites, we automatically collect statistical information in anonymous form on usage of our websites. Part of this information is collected through the use of cookies. A cookie is a small text file saved to your computer and allows our website to follow your visit and to recognise your computer when you visit our website again. A cookie is not a program and does not contain virus, nor spreads malicious software.
We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
We may also use cookies to save your preferences or language in order to provide a better experience on our websites.
We automatically log information on your:

Internet Protocol (IP) address & Internet Service Provider 
geography 
time of access 
browser type and language 
operating system 
screen resolution 
the Web page you visited before our site

We also collect information about your usage and activity on our sites eg visited pages, words searched for in our site search engine and whether your computer/browser has previously accessed our sites.
The information collected by these cookies is stored on servers in Denmark, and will not be used for any other purposes than to help improve the services it provides to our users and for internal reporting in Ramboll. We use our own products, and products of third parties acting on our behalf, to analyse, optimise and improve our sites.
Cookies used on our sites
Ramboll uses Webtrends and Google Analytics, which are web analytics services. These provide us with anonymised statistical information about users. Webtrends and Google Analytics process IP addresses and information from cookies used on the Ramboll websites, so that we know how many page views these have, the number of users, what browsers users are using (so that we can target resources in the right way to maximise compatibility for the majority of users) and in which country, city or region users are located.
Third party cookies
We sometimes embed photos and video content from websites such as YouTube. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded from other websites, you may be presented with cookies from these websites.  Ramboll does not control the dissemination of these cookies.  You should check the relevant third party website for more information about their use of cookies.
All our websites use embedded "share" buttons to enable users to easily share information with friends through a number of popular social networks. These sites may set a cookie when you are also logged in to their service. Ramboll does not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should check the relevant third party website for more information about their use of cookies.
The use of Google Maps on our websites
Users are bound by the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy).
How to reject or delete cookies
We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our websites, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. 
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact the functionality of the Ramboll websites.
Personal information
We do not collect personal information unless you have explicitly provided it to us eg by filling in a mail or subscription form. We do not share such information with third parties. We may store such information in order to process your request and need to ensure that the information is treated diligently eg by access restricting our systems. However, we cannot guarantee 100 % secure data transmissions on the Internet as others may unlawfully intercept such transmissions. You are therefore ultimately responsible for submission of personal information to us. You are entitled to having your personal data deleted by requesting this to Ramboll.

