Data privacy policy
1. Data privacy at a glance
General notes
The following notes provide a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our web site. Personal information is all information which can be used to personally identify you. Detailed information on the subject of data privacy can be found in our data privacy policy which appears after this text.
Data collection on our web site
Who is responsible for data collection on our web site?
The data processing on this web site is carried out by the web site owner/operator. The contact data for the web site owner/operator can be found in the legal information for this web site.
How do we collect your data?
One way in which your data is collected is by you sending it to us. This may be data which you enter into a contact form, for example. Other data is automatically recorded by our IT systems when you visit the web site. This is
mainly technical data (e.g. Web browser, operating system or time when page was accessed). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you access our web site.
What do we use your data for?
Some of the data is collected to ensure that the web site is provided correctly. Other data is used to analyse your user behaviour.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You have the right to information about the origin, recipient and purpose
of your stores personal information free of charge at any time. You also have the right to have the information corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address in the legal information if you have any other questions concerning data privacy. You also have the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority.
Analysis tools and third party tools
Your surfing behaviour can be statistically analysed when you visit our web site. This mainly takes place using cookies and so-called analysis programs. The analysis of your surfing behaviour usually takes place anonymously; the surfing behaviour cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following data privacy policy. You can object to this analysis. We will explain about the objection options in this data privacy policy.
2. General notes and mandatory information
Data privacy
The owners/operators of these pages take the protection of your personal information very seriously. We treat your personal information in confidence and in accordance with the statutory data privacy regulations and this data privacy policy.
When you use this web site, various items of personal information are collected.
Personal information is information with which you can be personally identified. This data privacy policy explains which data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this takes place. We would like to point out that data transfers on the Internet (e.g. during e-mail communication) may not be completely secure. It is not possible to guarantee that the information is protected from access by third parties.
Note concerning the responsible authority
The responsible authority for the data processing on this web site is:
SLV GmbH Daimlerstraße 21-23 D-52531 Übach-Palenberg
Phone: +49 2451 – 4833 – 0 E-mail: export(at)slv.de
The responsible authority is the natural or legal person who decides on the purpose and means of processing personal information (e.g. names, e-mail addresses or the like), either individually or in collaboration with others.
Retraction of your consent to data processing
Many data processing procedures are only possible with your express consent. Consent that has already been given can be retracted at any time. Informal notification to us by e-mail is sufficient. The retraction does not affect the legality of the data processing which has taken place prior to the retraction.
Right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority
In the event of data privacy violations, the person affected has the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible authority for legal data privacy matters is the State Data Privacy Officer of the federal state in which our company has its headquarters. A list of data privacy officers and their contact information can be found at the following link:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Right to data transfer
You have the right to have data which we process automatically on the basis of your consent or to fulfil a contract sent to you or a third party in a normal, machine-readable format. Direct transmission of the information to another responsible party will only take place if it is feasible from a technical point of view.
SSL or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential information such as orders or inquiries which you send to us as the site owner/operator, this site uses SSL or TLS encryption. You can recognise an encrypted connection from the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http://” to “https://” and the padlock symbol which appears in your browser line.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data which you send to us cannot be read by third parties.
Encrypted payment traffic on this web site
If your payment information (e.g. account number for direct debit mandate) is required after concluding a billable contract, this information will be used to process the payment.
All payment traffic via the normal means of payment (Visa/MasterCard, direct debit) takes place via an encrypted SSL or TLS connection. You can recognise an encrypted connection from the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http://” to “https://” and the padlock symbol which appears in your browser line.
In the event of encrypted communication, the payment information which you send to us cannot be read by third parties.
Disclosure, blocking, deletion
Within the scope of the applicable legal regulations, at any time you have the right to free disclosure of your stored personal information, its origin and the recipient thereof, the purpose of the data processing and the right to the correction, blocking or deletion of this data if necessary. You can contact us at any time at the address in the legal information if you have any other questions about personal information.
Objection to advertising e-mails
The use of contact data published within the scope of the legal information obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material is hereby prohibited. The owners/operators of the site expressly reserve the right to take legal action if unsolicited advertising material such as spam e-mails is sent.
3. Data privacy officer
Legally prescribed data privacy officer
We have appointed a data privacy officer for our company.
Ralf Meschke Am Haarberg 27 52080 Aachen
Phone: +49 241 4120 2406 E-mail: slv(at)datenschutz-aachen.de
 
4. Data collection on our web site
Cookies
The web pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies are used to improve the user-friendliness, effectiveness and security of our facility. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
The majority of cookies which we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are deleted automatically at the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your terminal device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognise your browser when you next visit our site.
You can set your browser so that you are notified about the setting of cookies and only allow the acceptance of cookies in isolated cases, only allow the acceptance of cookies in specific cases or stop them altogether, and automatically delete the cookies when the browser is closed. The functionality of this web site may be restricted if cookies are deactivated.
Cookies which are needed to carry out the electronic communication procedure or provide certain functions which you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are stored on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f of the DSGVO. The web site owner/operator has a justified interest in storing cookies for the technically error-free and optimised provision of its services. If other cookies (e.g cookies for analysing your surfing behaviour) are stored, they will be dealt with separately in this data privacy policy.
Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files which your browser sends to us automatically. This consists of: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of accessing computer Time of server query IP address This data is not kept together with other data sources.
The basis for the data processing is art. 6 para. 1 lit. f of the DSGVO, which allows the processing of data for the purpose of fulfilling a contract or pre-contractual measures.
Contact form
If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact data that you specify there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The data entered in the contact form is therefore processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a of the DSGVO). You can retract this consent at any time. Informal notification to us by e-mail is sufficient. The retraction does not affect the legality of the data processing procedures which have taken place prior to the retraction.
The data which you entered in the contact form remains with us until you request the deletion thereof, retract your consent for storage or the purpose of the data storage becomes inapplicable (e.g. after processing of your inquiry is complete). Compulsory legal regulations, particularly retention periods, remain unaffected.
Registration on this web site
You can register on our web site in order to use additional functions on the site. We only use the data that is entered for the purpose of using the respective facility or service for which you have registered. The mandatory details which were requested when registration took place must be entered in full. Otherwise the registration will not be accepted.
For important changes such as to the scope of the quote or for changes which are necessary for technical purposes, we use the e-mail address that was specified during registration in order to notify you using this method.
The data that was entered during registration takes place on the basis of your consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a of the DSGVO). Consent that you have given can be retracted at any time. Informal notification to us by e-mail is sufficient. The retraction does not affect the legality of the data processing which has already taken place.
The data which was entered during registration will be stored by us for as long as you are registered on this web site, and will subsequently be deleted. The legal retention periods are unaffected.
Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process and use personal information only to the extent that is required for justification, content design or a change to the legal relationship (inventory data). This takes place on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. b of the DSGVO, which allows data to be processed for the purpose of fulfilling a contract or pre-contractual measures. We only collect, process and use personal information about the use of our Internet pages (user data) to the extent that is required to make the use of the service possible for the user or bill for the use thereof.
The customer data that is collected is deleted upon completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. The legal retention periods are unaffected.
Data transfer at end of contract for online shops, dealers and delivery of goods
We only transmit personal information to third parties if this is necessary within the scope of of contract processing, e.g. companies assigned to deliver the goods or the credit institute which is processing payment.
The information is not passed on elsewhere, or only if you have expressly agreed to it being passed on. You data will not be passed on for the purpose of advertising, for example, unless you have expressly consented to it.
The basis for the data processing is art. 6 para. 1 lit. b of the DSGVO, which allows the processing of data for the purpose of fulfilling a contract or pre-contractual measures.
Data transmission for services and digital content at the end of the contract
We only transmit personal information to third parties if this is necessary within the scope of contract processing, such as to the credit institute that has been assigned to process payment.
The information is not passed on elsewhere, or only if you have expressly agreed to it being passed on. You data will not be passed on for the purpose of advertising, for example, unless you have expressly consented to it.
The basis for the data processing is art. 6 para. 1 lit. b of the DSGVO, which allows the processing of data for the purpose of fulfilling a contract or pre-contractual measures.
5. Analysis tools and advertising
Google Analytics
This web site uses functions of the Google Analytics web analysis service. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”. These are text files which are stored on your computer and make it possible for your use of the web site to be analysed. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the web site is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
The storage of Google Analytics cookies takes place on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f of the DSGVO. The web site owner/operator has a justified interest in analysing user behaviour in order to optimise its web content and also its advertising.
IP anonymisation
We have activated the IP anonymisation function on this web site. This means that your IP address is shortened before it is transmitted to the USA within member states of the European Union or in other states contracted to the European Economic Community agreement. The full IP address is only transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the owner/operator of this web site, Google will use this information to analyse your use of the web site, put together reports about web site activities and provide other services on behalf of the web site owner/operator
associated with the web site use and Internet use. The IP address transmitted from your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be kept together with other data.
Browser plugin
You can prevent the storage of the cookies by making an appropriate setting in your browser software; however, we would like to point out that you will not be able to use all of the functions of this web site to the full extent in this case. You can also prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie relating to your use of the web site (including your IP address) by Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin which is available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
Objection to data collection
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set which prevents your data from being collected in future visits to the web site: Deactivating Google Analytics.
More information about the handling of user information by Google Analytics can be found in the data privacy policy of Google: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de.
Order data processing
We have concluded a contract with Google for order data processing, and implement the strict specifications of the German data protection authorities in the use of Google Analytics in full.
Demographic characteristics of Google Analytics
This web site uses the “demographic characteristics” function of Google Analytics. This means that reports can be created which contain statements about the age, gender and interests of the web site visitors. This data originates from interest-related advertising from Google and from visitor data from third party providers. This data cannot be assigned to any specific person. You can deactivate this function at any time using your advertising settings in your Google account, or generally prohibit the collection of your data by Google Analytics as shown in point “Objection to data collection”.
Facebook Pixel
Our web sit uses the user action pixel of Facebook, Facebook Inc.,1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”) for conversion measurement.
In this way, the behaviour of site visitors can be traced after they have been diverted to the web site of the provider by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. This makes it possible to analyse the effectiveness of the Facebook advertisements for statistical and research purposes and optimise future advertising measures.
The data which is collected is anonymous to us as the owners/operators of this web site, and we cannot draw any conclusions about the identity of the users. However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook, meaning that a connection can be made to the respective user profile and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes in accordance with the Facebook data usage directive. In this way, Facebook can enable advertisements on Facebook pages and outside Facebook. This use of data cannot be influenced by us as the web site owner/operator.
You can find further information about protecting your private sphere in the data privacy poly of Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
You can also deactivate the “Custom Audiences” remarketing function in the settings area for advertisements underhttps://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen. You need to be logged into Facebook to do this.
If you do not have a Facebook account, you can deactivate usage-based advertising of Facebook on the web site of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/.
6. Plug-ins and tools
Google Maps
This site uses an API of the Google Maps map service. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
In order to use the functions of Google Maps, your IP address must be stored. This information is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data storage.
The use of Google Maps takes place in the interest of providing an appropriate display of our online services and making it easy to find the locations specified on our web site. This presents a justified interest in the sense of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f of the DSGVO.
More information about the handling of user data can be found in the Google data privacy policy:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
