
i. TRAFFIC DATA COLLECTED (NON-PERSONAL IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION). We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Services: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Services; and (4) types of web browsers used to access the Services (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Services. We also use “cookies” to customize content specific to your interests, to ensure that you do not see the same advertisement repeatedly, and to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Services.ii. PERSONAL IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED. In order for you to access certain premium, services and to purchase
products that we offer via our Services, we require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies
you. Personal Identifiable Information includes the following categories of information: (1) Contact Data (such as
your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and, if you call our “Call for Guitar Help” service, your phone number);
(2) Geographical Information (such as time zones, locales) (3) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card
number, your Paypal email address, or your billing address); (4) Demographic Data (such as your zip code, age, and
income); (5) Facebook Profile and ID (we access the first and last names and email address from customer’s public
profile information); and Google Account Information (we access the first and last names and email address from customer’s
public profile information) . If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin
boards, or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or contest entries, any information provided in such
communication may be collected as Personal Information. If you choose to participate in one of our optional marketing
research surveys, contests, or other promotional and marketing events at the site, the demographic information asked
for (e.g., name, age, gender, and income level) will be collected and retained by us for marketing purposes as described
below. 

