
Privacy statement
This privacy statement sets out the Department of Environment, Water and Natural Resources' policy in relation to the privacy of your personal information when you visit the DEWNR website. This statement details what information DEWNR collects when the website is visited and how that information is stored and used.
Data automatically collected
When you visit the DEWNR website, the following details are automatically recorded:

your IP address
the date and time of your visit
the pages you access
the documents you download
the country from which you are visiting (as determined by the suffix of your domain name)
the previous site visited
the type of browser you use.

DEWNR also collects the keywords used when you do a search using the Internet site search function. Keywords are also collected when you visit the DEWNR site via an external search engine such as Google, Yahoo or AltaVista. This information is not linked to any other data collected. DEWNR uses this information to find out what people are looking for and how DEWNR can improve its services.
These statistics tell the agency how the site is being used and assist in improving the site to make visits useful and enjoyable. This information does not identify you personally and no attempt is made to identify you except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect our service provider's logs.
Collection of personal information
Email addresses
DEWNR will only record your email address if you send us a message by email or you include it in an online form. It will only be used to send you a reply and will not be added to a mailing list or used for any other purpose without your consent. Email addresses are stored in a secure area of the DEWNR system and will only be forwarded to appropriate staff members so they can answer your query.
If you make a request to be added to a mailing list, you will only be added to the mailing list specified. Only your name (if supplied) and your email address will be recorded. If you wish to change your details or be removed from the list at any time, please follow the instructions included in any email received through the mailing list.
Other websites
The DEWNR website contains links to a large number of other websites that are included on the basis that they contain related content. When a user clicks on a link to another site, they leave the DEWNR website and are no longer protected by the DEWNR and SA government privacy conditions.
Freedom of Information
Members of the public can apply to access their own personal information in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act, 1991 which includes a right to apply to correct personal information that is out of date, incorrect or misleading.
Privacy guidelines
This privacy statement will be continually reviewed in line with the ongoing development of the DEWNR website. The DEWNR privacy statement complies with the guidelines set out in the South Australian Government's Information Privacy Principles.
