Privacy Policy - JoGuru Inc.
Protecting your privacy is very important to us, thus we have developed this Privacy Policy to protect your personal information and keep it confidential.

This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services and websites offered by JoGuru Inc or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at – (mention address & email ID)

Collection of information
JoGuru Inc collects personal information when you register with us, when you use JoGuru Inc products or services, when you visit TripHobo.com pages, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. TripHobo.com may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.

When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, pin code, occupation, industry, and personal interests.

For some financial products and services we may also ask for your address, PAN number, and information about your assets. Once you register with TripHobo.com and log in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.

JoGuru Inc collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer.

JoGuru Inc collects and uses this information to provide you with the information you request about our products, to send you email marketing messages and information, to fulfill your bookings, to confirm your purchases ,to ensure you are correctly billed, to measure and track demographic details about our customers, to target content on our website to more closely match your interests and to target the appropriate content for email marketing messages to better match your interests

JoGuru Inc automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, TripHobo.com cookie information, and the page you request.

JoGuru Inc is the sole owner or license holder of the information collected on this and other sites maintained and owned by JoGuru Inc. We at JoGuru Inc believe in keeping our users’ personal data private and confidential. In compliance with the law, JoGuru Inc will not share information with any unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes unless you expressly ask us to.

TripHobo.com
Triphobo.com is our flagship website, where we offer our complete range of products and services directly to consumers. TripHobo offers solution for online travel companies looking to add Tours and Activities to their business model. We work with several distributors and affiliate partners. TripHobo is a marketplace which neither favors any tour operator nor does offer exclusivity.

Children
We at JoGuru Inc are extremely careful about safety of children below 14 years of age. Keeping in view legal provisions and social impact, we advise that when a child under age 14 attempts to register with TripHobo.com, we ask that he or she shall have a parent or guardian accompanying him or her while using our services.

JoGuru Inc will not contact children under age 14 about special offers or for marketing purposes without a parent's permission.

JoGuru Inc does not ask a child under age 14 for more personal information, as a condition of participation, than is reasonably necessary to participate in a given activity or promotion.

Using Facebook data
If you decide you would like to sign-up with TripHobo.com services using the using the "Connect to Facebook" option, then you are giving JoGuru Inc access to –


Your ‘basic account information’ (including your date of birth) and ‘public information’ which is defined by Facebook as per the definitions provided at http://developers.facebook.com/policy/#definitions

You authorize TripHobo Social Network, LLP to access your data/information (including ‘ basic account information’ and ‘public information’) from www.facebook.com, even while you are not online on TripHobo.com platform.

You authorize JoGuru Inc to pull posts from your Facebook account.
You authorize JoGuru Inc to push posts to your Facebook account.
JoGuru Inc undertakes not to transmit and/or transfer your ‘data/information’ to any other third party. In this regard we undertake to adhere to the policies as set out by Facebook under the caption “ Storing and Using data you receive from us” www.facebook.com.

You authorize JoGuru Inc to access ‘your information’ as available on Facebook for the purposes of enhancing our user experience on our platform/website.

In relation to any queries/feedback regarding the “Connect to Facebook” feature on our website, the users should contact at hi@triphobo.com.

In the event of any conflict between the privacy policy of JoGuru Inc and the privacy policy of Facebook, the privacy policy of JoGuru Inc shall prevail.


Distribution Partners and Suppliers
Our products are made available through our third-party distribution partners and suppliers. Our distribution partners and suppliers may have privacy policies that differ from JoGuru Inc’s Privacy Policy. You should also be aware that some product or tour suppliers and some of our distribution partners may need additional Personal or Other Information to determine whether you can participate in an activity. We and suppliers of booked activities may be obliged to pass on or make certain information available to authorities.

Storage
When you browse the TripHobo.com, information may be stored on your device. Locally stored information does not permit us to identify you We use industry-standard encryption protocols when receiving and transferring your Personal Information. JoGuru Inc cannot give an absolute assurance that the information you provide to us will be secure at all times. JoGuru INc will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorized access to your Personal Information.

Email Communications
We may send to you marketing emails with information about TripHobo deals, destination and product news, sweepstakes, programs, etc., and other special promotions that we believe that you will find valuable, interesting or informative. We will provide you with choices regarding our use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. If you make a booking or purchase at one of our websites, we may also send you information about new products, or ask your opinion about our websites, etc., so that we may improve our service to you and other consumers.

Sharing of Data
JoGuru Inc does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies (third party) except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission or under the following circumstances-

(1) Complying with Law and Law enforcement agencies– We respond to summons, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of JoGuru Inc’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.

(2) With other JoGuru Inc businesses and associates, as needed in connection with the transfer of any business assets.

(3) With agents, affiliates or contractors who use it on behalf of or in connection with their relationship with us.

(4) We transfer information about you if JoGuru Inc is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, JoGuru Inc will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Cookies
Cookies are small text files that your browser stores on your device and also identifies your computer. JoGuru Inc may set and access TripHobo.com cookies on your computer. We make use of cookies to store your preferences and record session information to customize our web pages to your needs. We also use cookies to analyze and measure the effectiveness of our email communications, website features and offerings, and advertisements. Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities and experience on the Website. You can decide for yourself if our Website's server is allowed to save cookies on your device or not. Most web browsers allow you to turn off cookies; however, turning off cookies will limit your use of our websites. 

JoGuru Inc lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages TripHobo.com and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies’ use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.

Advertisers or other companies do not have access to JoGuru Inc. JoGuru Inc uses web beacons to access TripHobo.com cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with JoGuru Inc products and services.

Your Ability to edit and delete your account information and preferences (opt-in-opt-out)
You can edit your TripHobo.com Account Information, including your preferences, at any time.

New categories of marketing communications may be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive.

Certain communications from JoGuru Inc, such as service announcements, administrative messages, etc. are considered part of TripHobo Social Network, LLP membership and you may not opt out of receiving them.

You can request deletion of your TripHobo.com account by writing a mail to hi@triphobo.com with subject line as “Account deletion request” from the same email id that you have used to register.

Confidentiality and Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.

We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with Government regulations to protect personal information about you.

Your TripHobo.com Account Information is password-protected.

In certain areas JoGuru Inc uses industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We know that our business will continue to evolve as we introduce new products, and, as such, from time to time this Privacy Policy may be reviewed and revised.  We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Triphobo.com account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
       
