Privacy Policy - JoGuru Inc.
Protecting your privacy is very important to us, thus we have developed this Privacy Policy to protect your personal information and keep it confidential.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services and websites offered by JoGuru Inc or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies.

				If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at – (mention address & email ID)
				
Collection of information
JoGuru Inc collects personal information when you register with us, when you use JoGuru Inc products or services, when you visit TripHobo.com pages, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. TripHobo.com may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, pin code, occupation, industry, and personal interests.
For some financial products and services we may also ask for your address, PAN number, and information about your assets. Once you register with TripHobo.com and log in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
JoGuru Inc collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer.
JoGuru Inc automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, TripHobo.com cookie information, and the page you request.
JoGuru Inc is the sole owner or license holder of the information collected on this and other sites maintained and owned by JoGuru Inc. We at JoGuru Inc believe in keeping our users’ personal data private and confidential. In compliance with the law, JoGuru Inc will not share information with any unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes unless you expressly ask us to.
Children
We at JoGuru Inc are extremely careful about safety of children below 14 years of age. Keeping in view legal provisions and social impact, we advise that when a child under age 14 attempts to register with TripHobo.com, we ask that he or she shall have a parent or guardian accompanying him or her while using our services.
JoGuru Inc will not contact children under age 14 about special offers or for marketing purposes without a parent's permission.
JoGuru Inc does not ask a child under age 14 for more personal information, as a condition of participation, than is reasonably necessary to participate in a given activity or promotion.
Using Facebook data
If you decide you would like to sign-up with TripHobo.com services using the using the "Connect to Facebook" option, then you are giving JoGuru Inc access to –

Your ‘basic account information’ (including your date of birth) and ‘public information’which is defined by Facebook as per the definitions provided at http:/developers.facebook.com/policy/#definitions
You authorize TripHobo Social Network, LLP to access your data/information (including ‘ basic account information’ and ‘public information’) from www.facebook.com, even while you are not online on TripHobo.com platform.
You authorize JoGuru Inc to pull posts from your Facebook account.
You authorize JoGuru Inc to push posts to your Facebook account.
JoGuru Inc undertakes not to transmit and/or transfer your ‘data/information’ to any other third party. In this regard we undertake to adhere to the policies as set out by Facebook under the caption “ Storing and Using data you receive from us” www.facebook.com.
You authorize JoGuru Inc to access ‘your information’ as available on Facebook for the purposes of enhancing our user experience on our platform/website.
In relation to any queries/feedback regarding the “Connect to Facebook” feature on our website, the users should contact at hi@triphobo.com.
In the event of any conflict between the privacy policy of JoGuru Inc and the privacy policy of Facebook, the privacy policy of JoGuru Inc shall prevail.

Sharing of Data
JoGuru Inc does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies (third party) except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission or under the following circumstances-
(1) Complying with Law and Law enforcement agencies– We respond to summons, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of JoGuru Inc’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
(2) With other JoGuru Inc businesses and associates, as needed in connection with the transfer of any business assets.
(3) With agents, affiliates or contractors who use it on behalf of or in connection with their relationship with us.
(4) We transfer information about you if JoGuru Inc is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, JoGuru Inc will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies
JoGuru Inc may set and access TripHobo.com cookies on your computer. JoGuru Inc lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages TripHobo.com and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies’ use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to JoGuru Inc.
JoGuru Inc uses web beacons to access TripHobo.com cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with JoGuru Inc products and services.
Your Ability to edit and delete your account information and preferences (opt-in-opt-out)
You can edit your TripHobo.com Account Information, including your preferences, at any time.
New categories of marketing communications may be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive.
Certain communications from JoGuru Inc, such as service announcements, administrative messages, etc. are considered part of TripHobo Social Network, LLP membership and you may not opt out of receiving them.
You can delete your TripHobo account at any point of time by logging into your account and selecting the delete profile option. In case of any difficulties while doing so, you can write a mail to hi@triphobo.com with the subject line “Account deletion request”.
Confidentiality and Security 
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with Government regulations to protect personal information about you.
Your TripHobo.com Account Information is password-protected.
In certain areas JoGuru Inc uses industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
JoGuru Inc may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Triphobo.com account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
