Privacy Policy
As your financial services partner, UAB understands that your trust in us is our most important asset. In order to preserve that trust, we want you to clearly understand what personal information we collect about you and how we use it. As a UAB customer, you have the opportunity to opt out from marketing communication lists or to specify your preferred channel of communication to receive notification of our latest offers and promotions.
To give you effective and convenient access to a broad range of financial products and services, we use technology to manage and maintain customer information. We understand the need to safeguard sensitive information that you have entrusted to us. Therefore, we have put together a Privacy Policy that respects and addresses your needs. It also explains what types of information we collect and under what circumstances we may share it.
Collecting Customer Information
UAB collects only relevant information about you that is needed to establish and maintain your account and services as the law allows or requires us to collect. We may collect personal and financial information about you that is "non-public." Non-public personal information is information about you that we obtain in connection with providing a financial product or service to you. The information we collect varies depending on the accounts and services you request and use. We collect information about you from the following sources:-
Application Information We retain personal information from any application you submit for deposit accounts, Electronic Fund Transfers services, loans or other Bank services. This includes but is not limited to information such as name, postal and e-mail address, phone numbers, employment and financial status, and credit history.
Your Transactions We retain the transaction information any time you make a transaction on one of your accounts, including ATM or card transactions, loan advances, transactions through Internet Banking, at a branch. The transaction information includes your account number, date, amount, location of the transaction and any other pertinent information.
Online We obtain information online when you visit our website www.uab.ae or our online banking site www.uabbank.com. This includes retaining information you provide us on any online application, Internet banking transaction or information you send to us by e-mail.
Sharing Information with Third-Party Service Providers
In order for us to conduct our operations, including servicing your account or processing your transactions, we may need to share information with our service providers, including data processing companies, cheque, ATM, and other payment processing companies, payment networks, loan service providers, insurance companies, collection agencies, credit reporting agencies and financial service providers with whom we have joint marketing agreements. These service providers act on our behalf and have agreed in writing to keep the customer information we provide to them confidential. We share the following categories of information with third-party service providers depending on the specific services provided:

Personal information (name, address and account number)
Account information (type of accounts, account balances and transaction history)
Transaction information (dates, amounts, locations and type of transaction)

We do not share your account numbers with independent third-party marketers offering their own products and services.
Sharing Information as Legally Required or Permitted
We do not share your account numbers with independent third-party marketers offering their own products and services.We may share your customer information in response to a lawful request issued by -

a court
a government agency
a regulatory authority
or as permitted by law

We may also share your information in response to a request made by a merchant or business necessary to effect, administer or enforce a transaction that you had requested or authorized in connection with the servicing or processing of a financial product or service, or to maintain or service your account with us.
Protecting Information
We may also share your information in response to a request made by a merchant or business necessary to effect, administer or enforce a transaction that you had requested or authorized in connection with the servicing or processing of a financial product or service, or to maintain or service your account with us.Our Confidentiality and Security Safeguards We maintain strict policies and security controls to assure that customer information in our computer systems and files is protected. Our employees and contractors are only permitted access to customer information that they may need to perform their jobs and to provide services to you. Our employees and contractors have access to such customer information as necessary to conduct a transaction or respond to your inquiries. All employees and contractors are required to respect customer privacy. No one except our employees and contractors has access to the Bank's computer system and records storage. The Bank has established internal security controls, including physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the information you provide to us and the information we collect about you. We will continue to review our internal security controls to safeguard your customer information as we employ new technology in the future.
Information Integrity Measures UAB works hard to ensure that the customer information we maintain is complete and accurate. We have procedures and processes for updating our customer information as well as removing old, outdated information. We have measures in place to protect the integrity of customer information such as maintaining back-up copies of account data in the event of power outages or other business interruptions. We use computer virus detection and eradication software and employ other technical means (known as "firewalls") to protect against unauthorized computer entry into systems containing customer information.
Cookies We do not use cookies with visitors to our general website. However, we do use cookies with customers who sign on to our online banking services, to make access more pleasant and convenient. The cookie generated once you sign on to our online banking service expires as soon as you log out or at a predefined time, and to protect your privacy we do not store any sensitive information such as customer information in the cookie. To find out more information about cookies, please visit http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspx
