
Fairchild is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden Website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden Website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.

Collection of your Personal Information
Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden does not collect any personal information about individuals—such as names and postal or e-mail addresses—except when such information is knowingly provided.
 
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden Web site.

Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through any of Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden does not read any of your private online communications.

Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden and Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden family of Web sites.

Use of your Personal Information
Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden collects and uses your personal information to deliver services and information you have requested. Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden. Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.

Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.

Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion or political affiliations.

Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden keeps track of the Web site pages our customers visit within the Web site in order to determine what information on the site is most popular and useful to visitors. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.

Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden, or the public.

Use of Cookies
The Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden Web site uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.

One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden pages, or register with Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden site or services, a cookie helps Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden features that you customized.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden services or Web sites you visit.

Security of your Personal Information
Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.

Changes to this Statement
Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden is protecting your information.

Contact Information
Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden has not adhered to this Statement, please contact info@fairchildgarden.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.

