
What information do we collect? 

  No personal data is collected.
  Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
 
Do we use cookies? 

  Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to  your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables  the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture  and remember certain information

  We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and remember certain information.

Do we disclose any  information to outside parties? 

  We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally  identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who  assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you,  so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may  also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply  with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights,  property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information  may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third party links 

  Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products  or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and  independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability  for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to  protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Third Party Ad  Companies

  We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous  information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally  identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time  and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your  visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about  goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies  typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information.  To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this  type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.

Online Privacy Policy  Only 

  This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our  website and not to information collected offline.

Your Consent 

  By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.

Changes to our Privacy  Policy 

  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this  page. 

http://www.yopmail.com/privacy.php

