
We are committed to handling your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Information Privacy Act 2009 (Qld). We respect your right to privacy and we understand that visitors to our Website need to be in control of their personal information.
We also want to present information on the Website that is tailored to the needs of our visitors. For this reason, we may ask you to provide personal information when you visit certain areas of our site. We will use this information to try to ensure that the content and/or services that we provide are tailored to your current and future needs. We may collect Website visitors' contact information (like their e-mail addresses). Unless you object, this information may be shared with Member Societies and may be used:

to send news, information about our activities and general promotional material which we believe may be useful to you;
to monitor who is accessing the Website or using services offered on the Website; and
to profile the type of people accessing the Website.

If you do not wish to have your personal information used in this manner or for any other specific purpose, please advise us by writing to the Website Administrator, RSPCA Qld, Locked Bag 3000, Sumner Park BC, Qld 4074, Australia or sending an email to admin@rspcaqld.org.au.
If you choose not to provide personal information, you will still be granted access to most of our Websites. However, you may not have access to areas that require personal identification.
The Website may utilise "cookies" which enable us to monitor traffic patterns and to serve you more efficiently if you revisit the site. A cookie does not identify you personally but it does identify your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and this will provide you with an opportunity to either accept or reject it in each instance.
We may provide your personal information to the National and other State and Territory RSPCA’s. We will not sell or otherwise provide your personal information to a third party, or make any other use of your personal information, for any purpose which is not incidental to your use of this Website. When we utilise cookies we may also provide information sourced from the cookie to Member Societies or to a third party agent acting on behalf of the RSPCA. For the removal of doubt, personal information will not be used for any purpose which a reasonable person in your position would not expect.
If you request us not to use personal information in a particular manner or at all, we will adopt all reasonable measures to observe your request but we may still use or disclose that information if:

we subsequently notify you of the intended use or disclosure and you do not object to that use or disclosure;
we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for government or public security in the performance of their functions; or
we are required by law to disclose the information.

We will preserve the content of any e-mail or other communication you send us if we believe we have the legal requirement to do so. Your e-mail message content may be monitored by us for trouble-shooting or maintenance purposes or if any form of e-mail abuse is suspected.
We comply with the National Privacy Principles of the Privacy Act (Commonwealth) 1988 (Australia). In accordance with these Principles, we will not collect sensitive information about you (including information about your health, racial or ethnic origin, political or religious beliefs, philosophical beliefs, membership of professional or trade associations or unions, sexual practices and criminal records) unless you have consented to this or unless we believe we are required by law to do so.
Personal information which we collect (including your contact details) is kept confidential to the best of our ability. You will appreciate, however, that we cannot guarantee the security of transmission.
We consider that it is the responsibility of parents to monitor their children's use of our Website. Nevertheless it is our policy not to offer to send any promotional material to persons in that category.
You are entitled to have access to any personal information relating to you which you have previously supplied to us over this Website. You are entitled to edit or delete such information unless we are required by law to retain it.
If you wish to comment on or query our privacy policy, or if you wish to make an inquiry regarding any personal information relating to you which may be in our possession, you may contact us by writing to the Website Administrator, RSPCA Qld, Locked Bag 3000, Sumner Park BC, Qld 4074, Australia or you can send an email to admin@rspcaqld.org.au.
Security of Information
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst we strive to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly, any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.
Indemnity Clause
You indemnify us, regardless of any negligence on our part, against all losses, liabilities, legal costs and other expenses incurred by us arising directly or indirectly as a result of or in connections with the breach by you of any provision of these Terms and Conditions or any wilful, unlawful or negligent act by you in connection with the supply by a Vendor to you of, or use by you of, any Product.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the remainder of the Terms and Conditions, which will continue in full force and effect. All rights not expressly granted are reserved. This agreement sets out the entire understanding and agreement between RSPCA Qld and you with respect to the subject matter.

