
We are committed to handling your personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles guidelines (APP guidelines) under the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Information Privacy Act 2009 (Qld). We respect your right to privacy and we understand that visitors to our Website need to be in control of their personal information.
We also want to present information on the Website that is tailored to the needs of our visitors. For this reason, we may ask you to provide personal information when you visit certain areas of our site. We will use this information to try to ensure that the content and/or services that we provide are tailored to your current and future needs. We may collect Website visitors' contact information (like their email addresses). Unless you object, this information may be shared with Member Societies and may be used:

to send news, information about our activities and general promotional material which we believe may be useful to you;
to monitor who is accessing the Website or using services offered on the Website; and
to profile the type of people accessing the Website.

If you do not wish to have your personal information used in this manner or for any other specific purpose, please advise us by writing to the Privacy Officer, RSPCA Qld, Locked Bag 3000, Archerfield BH, Qld 4108, Australia or sending an email to privacy@rspcaqld.org.au.  If you choose not to provide personal information, you will still be granted access to most of our Websites. However, you may not have access to areas that require personal identification.
Our website's may utilise "cookies" which enable us to monitor traffic patterns and to serve you more efficiently. Cookies are small files of letters and numbers that are downloaded onto your computer or mobile/ handheld device when you access certain websites.  We do not use cookies to collect or record information such as your name, address or payment details. 
We use cookies on this website: 

for technical purposes essential for the operation of this website, such as keeping track of your current session;
to distinguish you from other users of this website, so we can personalise your experience by ensuring specific messaging and advertising is more relevant to you and so we can remember choices you make when you return to visit this website; 
to collect statistical information about how visitors use this website, so we can improve the way this website works and measure the success of competitions and campaigns;

You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and this will provide you with an opportunity to either accept or reject it in each instance. Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and allow you to make full use of our online and personalised features available on our websites. Most website browser automatically accept cookies. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, cookies will be set when you access this website. 
By using and browsing this website, you consent to cookies being used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If you wish to opt-out of having your web browsing information used for remarketing, traffic, demographics and interest reporting purposes, you can download and install Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Removing or rejecting cookies may affect the availability and functionality of our website and updates to your web browser may affect the functionality of the Google Analytics Opt-out add-on.
We may provide your personal information to the Australian National and other State and Territory RSPCA’s. We will not sell or otherwise provide your personal information to a third party, or make any other use of your personal information, for any purpose which is not incidental to your use of this Website. When we utilise cookies we may also provide information sourced from the cookie to Member Societies or to a third party agent acting on behalf of the RSPCA. For the removal of doubt, personal information will not be used for any purpose which a reasonable person in your position would not expect.

If you request us not to use personal information in a particular manner or at all, we will adopt all reasonable measures to observe your request but we may still use or disclose that information if:

we subsequently notify you of the intended use or disclosure and you do not object to that use or disclosure;
we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for government or public security in the performance of their functions; or
we are required by law to disclose the information.

We will preserve the content of any e-mail or other communication you send us if we believe we have the legal requirement to do so. Your e-mail message content may be monitored by us for trouble-shooting or maintenance purposes or if any form of e-mail abuse is suspected.
We comply with the Australian Privacy Principles guidelines (APP guidelines) under the Privacy Act (Commonwealth) 1988 (Australia). In accordance with these Principles, we will not collect sensitive information about you (including information about your health, racial or ethnic origin, political or religious beliefs, philosophical beliefs, membership of professional or trade associations or unions, sexual practices and criminal records) unless you have consented to this or unless we believe we are required by law to do so.
Personal information which we collect (including your contact details) is kept confidential to the best of our ability. You will appreciate, however, that we cannot guarantee the security of transmission.
We consider that it is the responsibility of parents to monitor their children's use of our Website. Nevertheless it is our policy not to offer to send any promotional material to persons in that category.
You are entitled to have access to any personal information relating to you which you have previously supplied to us over this Website. You are entitled to edit or delete such information unless we are required by law to retain it.
If you wish to comment on or query our privacy policy, or if you wish to make an inquiry regarding any personal information relating to you which may be in our possession, you may contact us by writing to the Website Administrator, RSPCA Qld, Locked Bag 3000, Archerfield BH, Qld 4108, Australia  or you can send an email to privacy@rspcaqld.org.au.
User Generated Content from Social Media
 
RSPCA Queensland displays User Generated Content (UGC) from social media platforms including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google+ and YouTube on our website and other digital platforms. RSPCA Qld do not claim to have ownership to any of the images, videos or content posted through these channels. However, by posting to RSPCA Qld’s official channels or tagging @rspcaqld you hereby grant RSPCA Queensland a non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide, revocable, non-transferable, perpetual licence to use, modify, delete from, add to, publicly display and/or reproduce your content without limitation in any online media formats and through any social media channels, pages or accounts.
Social Media Advertising, Remarketing and Custom Audiences
 
RSPCA Queensland may collect personal information as part of lead advertisements within social media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram but not limited to. Data collected, received or derived from any of RSPCA Queensland’s Facebook or Instagram ads (Facebook advertising data) is managed in accordance with RSPCA Queensland’s Privacy Policy and Facebook’s Policies as outlined here; https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms 
 
RSPCA Qld use Facebook Custom Audiences to deliver advertisements to Website Visitors on Facebook and Instagram based on email address that we have collected. You may learn more about Facebook Custom Audiences by visiting https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1415256572060999, and you may learn how to opt out of receiving advertisements from RSPCA Qld based on your email address by emailing us at privacy@rspcaqld.org.au.
 
We also may use information associated with Visitor social media accounts, such as demographics and other information about an individual to improve our marketing efforts.
Security of Information
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst we strive to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly, any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.
Indemnity Clause
You indemnify us, regardless of any negligence on our part, against all losses, liabilities, legal costs and other expenses incurred by us arising directly or indirectly as a result of or in connections with the breach by you of any provision of these Terms and Conditions or any willful, unlawful or negligent act by you in connection with the supply by a Vendor to you of, or use by you of, any Product.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the remainder of the Terms and Conditions, which will continue in full force and effect. All rights not expressly granted are reserved. This agreement sets out the entire understanding and agreement between RSPCA Qld and you with respect to the subject matter.


