

(A) “24/7” or the “Company” means T.Q. (Gauci) Company Limited of 59, Guzepp Balzano Street, Rabat, bearing company registration number C 30310 or any of its successors in title.
(B) “Member” means the person(s) named in the Application Form and the Membership Card or alternative membership confirmation issued by the Company.
(C) “Membership” means membership of the Clubs in accordance with the terms and conditions set out herein.
(D) “Club(s)” means any/all the premise(s) operated by 24/7 as health and fitness clubs in Malta and Gozo.
(E) “Facilities” means all exercise and treatment facilities, changing rooms, showers, saunas and equipment available at any of the Clubs.
(F) “Membership Period” means the first term of the Membership and any subsequent period thereafter.
(G) “Membership Fees” means the fees due by the Member in consideration for Membership of the Clubs.
(H) “Club Rules” means the rules and regulations which apply to the operation of the Club and the conduct of the Members displayed in each Club and which may be varied from time to time.
(I) “Application Form” means the 24/7 application form attached to these terms and conditions or otherwise available on the Company’s website [www.fitnessclub247.com] (the “Company’s Website”).
(J) “Renewal Form” means the 24/7 renewal form signed by the Member at any point of his or her Membership.

The said renewal form shall be signed in any manner which is acceptable to the Company.
Membership is subject to these terms and conditions as may be amended by the Company from time to time on reasonable notice.
All terms and conditions shall apply to all persons mentioned in the Membership. Membership shall entitle the Member to use the Facilities as set out below.
Submission of the Application Form (in any form to be established by the Company) is an offer to become a member of 24/7 subject to the terms and conditions set out herein. Similarly the submission of a 24/7 Renewal Form (in any form to be established by the Company) is an offer to renew the Membership subject to these terms and conditions. Membership shall only become effective upon consenting to the Application Form or Renewal Form as applicable and payment by the Member of the Membership Fee. The Company reserves the right to refuse, reject or terminate any Membership, whether upon application or renewal stage. All information collected by the Company from its Members shall be processed in accordance with the Company’s Data Protection Policy. The purpose of such processing shall in all cases be limited to membership administration and marketing initiatives to be undertaken by the Company for the benefit of its Members.
A Member is entitled to use all the Facilities for the Membership Period provided that the Member is not in arrears in respect of any monies due to 24/7 or in breach of any of these terms and conditions or the Club Rules.
Subject to these terms and conditions, Membership is available to anyone aged 18 years and over. Provided that Individuals under 18 years of age may apply for Membership subject to producing written parental consent and any additional requirements which the Company may request from time to time.
In order to gain access to any Clubs the Member must show the Membership Card or alternative Membership confirmation provided by the Company or quote his/her Membership number at reception. A charge may apply for any replacement card or Membership confirmation.
The Membership card or Membership confirmation may only be used by the Member or Members (as applicable) and not loaned to anyone else. Breach of this condition may lead to immediate termination of the Membership.
A member is required to adhere to Club Rules at all times. The Club Rules are available upon request and displayed in each Club or available on the Company’s Website. Any changes to the Club Rules will be available following such changes being made. Proper gym wear must be worn and towels used by the Members in the Clubs. All weights, dumbbells and accessories shall be put by the Members in their place after use.
All Membership Fees are to be paid by the Member or Members (as applicable) prior to the commencement of the Membership Period. Payments in cash, by cheque or any other electronic payment method established by the Company only will be accepted by the Company. Membership Fees are non-refundable.
The Member agrees and undertakes that he/she shall use the Facilities entirely at his/her own risk except where any loss, personal injury or damage is sustained due to any negligent act or omission or breach of statutory duty on the part of 24/7 or its employees.
24/7 is not responsible for any loss of personal items or damage to personal property either at the Clubs or in the Clubs parking areas unless caused by the negligent act or omission or breach of statutory duty of 24/7 or its employees.
It shall be the responsibility of any Member and/or parents or guardians of children under 15 years of age to supervise their children whilst in the Club premises.
Any Member shall use the Facilities in accordance with the advice provided by any representative of the Company and/or notices displayed or available on the Company’s Website. A Member must not abuse the Facilities and the Member will be responsible for any willful damage or damage caused by negligent use of the Facilities. Members are required to behave in a reasonable and courteous manner so as not to be offensive or cause disturbance.
Membership may be terminated for violation of the Club Rules or for conduct reasonably considered by 24/7 to be detrimental to the welfare, good order, health and safety and character of the Clubs and its Members. The Company reserves the right to retain a proportion of the Membership Fees paid by the Member relating to the use of the Clubs prior to termination and any reasonable cost incurred as a result of the termination.
Members shall not freeze their Membership.
Smoking within the Clubs is strictly prohibited. Membership allows access and use of the Facilities only. 24/7 reserves the right to change, add to, reduce or cease any Facilities and to utilise the Facilities for any special events, parties, seminars, tournaments or other activities it may deem desirable upon giving such reasonable notice as possible in the circumstances. Compensation will not be given for such closures and the Member may use the Facilities of another Club during such period. 24/7 reserves the right to refuse access and use of the Facilities to person who are or are deemed to be under the influence of alcohol, narcotics or any banned substances.
24/7 may, on a temporary basis, withdraw use of part of the Facilities at a Club due to the failure of services or for the purpose of undertaking necessary maintenance or repair work or for the replacement of Facilities. Any work will be completed as quickly as practicable. Compensation will not be given for such closures and the Member may use the Facilities of another Club during such period.
Through circumstances beyond the reasonable control of 24/7, it may not be possible to provide the same Facilities at all Clubs.
No marketing, promotional or commercial activity shall be undertaken in the Clubs or in the Clubs’ parking areas by Members or third parties on the Member’s initiative without the Company’s directors’ prior written consent.



