
General Terms
(A) “24/7” or the “Company” means T.Q. (Gauci) Company Limited of 59, Guzepp Balzano Street, Rabat, bearing company registration number C 30310 or any of its successors in title.
(B) “Member” means the person(s) named in the Application Form and the Membership Card or alternative membership confirmation issued by the Company.
(C) “Membership” means membership of the Clubs in accordance with the terms and conditions set out herein.
(D) “Club(s)” means any/all the premise(s) operated by 24/7 as health and fitness clubs in Malta and Gozo.
(E) “Facilities” means all exercise and treatment facilities, changing rooms, showers, saunas and equipment available at any of the Clubs.
(F) “Membership Period” means the first term of the Membership and any subsequent period thereafter.
(G) “Membership Fees” means the fees due by the Member in consideration for Membership of the Clubs.
(H) “Club Rules” means the rules and regulations which apply to the operation of the Club and the conduct of the Members displayed in each Club and which may be varied from time to time.
(I) “Application Form” means the 24/7 application form attached to these terms and conditions or otherwise available on the Company’s website [www.fitnessclub247.com] (the “Company’s Website”).
(J) “Renewal Form” means the 24/7 renewal form signed by the Member at any point of his or her Membership. The said renewal form shall be signed in any manner which is acceptable to the Company.

Membership is subject to these terms and conditions as may be amended by the Company from time to time on reasonable notice.
All terms and conditions shall apply to all persons mentioned in the Membership. Membership shall entitle the Member to use the Facilities as set out below.
Submission of the Application Form (in any form to be established by the Company) is an offer to become a member of 24/7 subject to the terms and conditions set out herein. Similarly the submission of a 24/7 Renewal Form (in any form to be established by the Company) is an offer to renew the Membership subject to these terms and conditions. Membership shall only become effective upon consenting to the Application Form or Renewal Form as applicable and payment by the Member of the Membership Fee. The Company reserves the right to refuse, reject or terminate any Membership, whether upon application or renewal stage. All information collected by the Company from its Members shall be processed in accordance with the Company’s Data Protection Policy which is available on the Company’s website (http://fitnessclub247.com/) or in printed format upon request.
A Member is entitled to use all the Facilities for the Membership Period provided that the Member is not in arrears in respect of any monies due to 24/7 or in breach of any of these terms and conditions or the Club Rules.
Subject to these terms and conditions, Membership is available to anyone aged 18 years and over. Provided that Individuals under 18 years of age may apply for Membership subject to producing written parental consent and any additional requirements which the Company may request from time to time.
In order to gain access to any Clubs the Member must show the Membership Card or alternative Membership confirmation provided by the Company or quote his/her Membership number at reception. A charge may apply for any replacement card or Membership confirmation.
The Membership card or Membership confirmation may only be used by the Member or Members (as applicable) and not loaned to anyone else. Breach of this condition may lead to immediate termination of the Membership.
A member is required to adhere to Club Rules at all times. The Club Rules are available upon request and displayed in each Club or available on the Company’s Website. Any changes to the Club Rules will be available following such changes being made. Proper gym wear must be worn and towels used by the Members in the Clubs. All weights, dumbbells and accessories shall be put by the Members in their place after use.
All Membership Fees are to be paid by the Member or Members (as applicable) prior to the commencement of the Membership Period. Payments in cash, by cheque or any other electronic payment method established by the Company only will be accepted by the Company. Membership Fees are non-refundable.
The Member agrees and undertakes that he/she shall use the Facilities entirely at his/her own risk and 24/7 and/or its employees shall under no circumstance whatsoever be liable for any loss, personal injury or damage sustained by the Member within the Facilities, or when using any other service provided by 24/7 and/or its employees. By agreeing to these terms and conditions, the Member expressly agrees that participation in any physical activity within the Facilities or any other service provided by 24/7 and/or its employees is voluntary undertaken by the said Member who knowingly assumes all such risks and elects to proceed with the Membership despite all the risks. The Member further acknowledges and agrees to unconditionally release 24×7 and/or its employees from any and all liability to the greatest extent allowed or otherwise permitted by law.
24/7 is not responsible, under no circumstance whatsoever, for any loss of personal items or damage to personal property either at the Clubs or in the Clubs’ parking areas.
It shall be the responsibility of any Member and/or parents or guardians of children under 15 years of age to supervise their children whilst in the Club premises.
Any Member shall use the Facilities in accordance with the advice provided by any representative of the Company and/or notices displayed or available on the Company’s Website. A Member must not abuse the Facilities and the Member will be responsible for any willful damage or damage caused by negligent use of the Facilities. Members are required to behave in a reasonable and courteous manner so as not to be offensive or cause disturbance.
Membership may be terminated for violation of the Club Rules or for conduct reasonably considered by 24/7 to be detrimental to the welfare, good order, health and safety and character of the Clubs and its Members. The Company reserves the right to retain a proportion of the Membership Fees paid by the Member relating to the use of the Clubs prior to termination and any reasonable cost incurred as a result of the termination.
Members shall not freeze their Membership.
Smoking within the Clubs is strictly prohibited. Membership allows access and use of the Facilities only. 24/7 reserves the right to change, add to, reduce or cease any Facilities and to utilise the Facilities for any special events, parties, seminars, tournaments or other activities it may deem desirable upon giving such reasonable notice as possible in the circumstances. Compensation will not be given for such closures and the Member may use the Facilities of another Club during such period. 24/7 reserves the right to refuse access and use of the Facilities to person who are or are deemed to be under the influence of alcohol, narcotics or any banned substances.
24/7 may, on a temporary basis, withdraw use of part of the Facilities at a Club due to the failure of services or for the purpose of undertaking necessary maintenance or repair work or for the replacement of Facilities. Any work will be completed as quickly as practicable. Compensation will not be given for such closures and the Member may use the Facilities of another Club during such period.
Through circumstances beyond the reasonable control of 24/7, it may not be possible to provide the same Facilities at all Clubs.
No marketing, promotional or commercial activity shall be undertaken in the Clubs or in the Clubs’ parking areas by Members or third parties on the Member’s initiative without the Company’s directors’ prior written consent.

MyCoach T&C’s

The time of each workout session is usually one (1) hour however a different length of the session can be agreed between the Client and the Coach.
If the client is more than 10 minutes late, the Coach will be entitled to reduce the previously agreed session time by a corresponding period of time.
If the Coach is more than 10 minutes late, the Client shall be entitled to a full one (1) hour session or shall be entitled request another date.
If the 10-session package is chosen, the Client shall present the 10 sessions card to the coach upon arrival.
Any failure to attend a booked session by the Client will result in the loss of the said session.
The Coach is to be notified about a cancellation at least eight (8) hours before the scheduled training session, otherwise a session will be deducted from the 10 sessions as if it was done. If the Client chooses to pay session by session, and fails to notify a cancellation as indicated herein, the Client will still be charged for that session on the following session.
A 10-session package has to be used within 3 months.
Any sessions that remain after the expiration date will be forfeited.
Any package chosen is not transferable and payments are not refundable.
Full payment is to be made upfront for any chosen package.
Besides the terms and conditions in this agreement, the client hereby agrees that by signing below he is agreeing to be bound by all the terms and conditions signed in the 24/7 Fitness Club Membership form upon registration, which includes also refers to the Company’s Data Protection Policy which the Client hereby confirms he/she has read
I, the undersigned, being aware of my own health and physical condition highlighted in this agreement, am aware that my participation in fitness activity/nutrition advice may cause injury, I am voluntarily choosing to participate in the MyCoach program and therefore specifically and unequivocally consent that the Company processes all my personal data (including data concerning health) in accordance with the Company’s Data Protection Policy. .
There are always certain risks associated with any physical activity/nutrition advice .
I understand these risks and declare myself physically sound and capable to participate in the program offered.
I have read this document in its entirety, fully understand its terms, and understand that I am giving up substantial rights – including my right to sue 24X7.
I know, understand and appreciate these and other risks that are inherent in the activity.
I expressly agree and assert that participation in the activity is voluntary and I knowingly assume all such risks and elect to proceed with the participation despite all the risks.
I acknowledge that I agree with this document freely and voluntarily and intend, by my acceptance (selection), the complete and unconditional release of all liability to the greatest extent allowed by law.”

DATA PROTECTION POLICY
Introduction 
24×7 is committed to protecting the privacy and protection of data of our clients, customers, partners, employees and all other persons in respect to whom personal data has been collected.  (hereinafter the “Data Subjects”). 24×7 will only collect personal data in a lawful, fair and transparent manner, limited to the purposes for which it has been collected, keep accurate and up-to-date as much as possible, whilst ensuring secure storage, integrity and confidentiality of the personal data collected.
All data is collected and processed in accordance to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”), Data Protection Act 2001 (the “Act”) and other subsidiary legislation (collectively referred to as “Data Protection Laws”.
What is the purposes of this Data Protection Policy (the “Policy”)?
This Policy sets out the following:

What personal data we collect and process about you in connection with your relationship with us as;
Where we obtain the data from;
What we do with that data;
How we store the data;
Who we transfer/disclose that data to;
How we deal with your data protection rights;
And how we comply with the data protection rules.
All personal data is collected and processed in accordance with the Data Protection Laws.

Data Controller
“24×7” (referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” or the “Company” in this policy) in this policy  is the trading/branding name  which is collectively administered by T.Q (Gauci) Company Limited (C 30310) of Clevlands Apt, Block A Flat 5, Triq il-Fiera, Bahrija and S T Gauci Company Limited (C 60606) of Clevlands Apt, Block A Flat 5, Triq il-Fiera, Bahrija. T.Q (Gauci) Company Limited and S T Gauci Company Limited are the “data controller” of all personal information that is collected and used about 24×7 customers for the purposes of the Data Protection Laws.
What personal data we collect
Personal data means any information relating to you which allows us to identify you, such as your name, contact details, payment details and certain health information. We may collect personal data from you through our physical forms, through our website (http://fitnessclub247.com/) (the “Website”), through our contracts, any other designated or specific form or from your employer in the case of a corporate membership.
Specifically, we may collect the following categories of information:

Name, home address, e-mail address, telephone number, passport or other recognized personal ID card numbers and details, bank account details of the Company’s Data Subjects;
Data concerning health and facial images which we will process exclusively for (a) the protection of our data subjects’ vital interests (in the case of medical emergency, security or when advising you on a fitness or nutrition programme) or (b) where specific consent has been provided or (c) in the case of employees to allow the Company to fulfil its obligations in terms or employment, social security and social protection laws;
Information about your use of our Website; and
The communications you exchange with us or direct to us via letters, emails, calls, completion of 24×7 forms and social media.

Uses of personal data
Your data may be used for the following purposes:

Performing our contractual obligations in your favour;
Providing products and services you request: we use the information you give us to perform the services you have asked for in relation to your membership at 24×7 fitness clubs;
We use your payment information for accounting, billing, payment of salaries and audit purposes and to detect and / or prevent any fraudulent activities;
Administrative or legal purposes: we use your data for statistical and marketing analysis, systems testing, customer surveys, maintenance and development, or in order to deal with a dispute or claim.
Security, health, administrative, crime prevention/detection:  we may pass your information to government authorities or enforcement bodies for compliance with legal requirements;
Customer Services communications: we use your data to manage our relationship with you as our customer and to improve our services and enhance your experience with us; and
Provide tailored services: we use your data to provide information we believe is of interest to you and to personalise the services we offer to you, such as our training and nutrition services.

We will only process your personal data where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will depend on the reasons we have collected and need to use your personal data for. In most cases, we will need to process your personal data so we can fulfil our contractual obligations with you.
We may also process your personal data for one or more of the following purposes:

          To comply with a legal obligation;
          You have consented to us using your personal data;
          To protect your vital interests or those of another person (e.g. medical emergency);
          It is in our legitimate interests in operating as a number of fitness centres in Malta.

Only children aged 18 or over can provide their own consent. For children under this age, consent of the children’s’ parents or legal guardians is required.
We will not retain your data for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purpose it is being processed for. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the purposes for which we process it and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means. We must also consider periods for which we might need to retain personal data in order to meet our legal obligations or to deal with complaints, queries and to protect our legal rights in the event of a claim being made.
When we no longer need your personal data, we will securely delete or destroy it. We will also consider if and how we can minimise over time the personal data that we use, and if we can anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you or identify you, in which case we may use that information without further notice to you.
Security
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal data, and to protect it against accidental loss, destruction, breach or damage.
Sharing of Personal Data
We will not share your personal data with any third parties, unless such sharing is required by law or expressly consented by you.
Cookies Policy
The Website site uses cookies to enable us to improve our service to you and to provide certain features that you may find useful. This may include cookies of media and advertising partners that are being placed on your machine when visiting our Website. Please visit our partners’ websites for information on their privacy and cookie policy.
Cookies are small text files that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable us to recognise your browser and help us to track visitors to our site; thus enabling us to understand better the products and services that will be most suitable to you. A cookie contains your contact information and information to allow us to identify your computer. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you wish, you can change these browser settings by accepting, rejecting and deleting cookies. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you choose to change these settings, you may find that certain functions and features will not work as intended. The cookies we use do not detect any information stored on your computers.
For more information about cookies and how to stop cookies being installed visit the following website: http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Data Protection Contact Person
24×7 does not fulfil the requirements for the appointment of a Data Protection Officer as contemplated by Article 37(1) of the GDPR. In order to comply with the spirit of the Data Protection Laws, the Company has designated Mr. Thomas James Mayo as the Company’s Data Protection Contact Person. Any notification to be sent under this Policy to the Company shall be sent to Mr. Thomas James Mayo on the following email address: mayothomasjames@fitnessclub247.com or by mail to his attention on:
24/7 Fitness Club
Ta’Qali National Stadium, Ta’Qali, ATD 4000, Malta
Contact Number: +356 2738 5383
Your data protection rights
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:

Request information about whether we hold personal information about you, and, if so, what that information is and why we are holding/using it.       
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request transfer of your personal information in an electronic and structured form to you or to another party (commonly known as a right to “data portability”). This enables you to take your data from us in an electronically useable format and to be able to transfer your data to another party in an electronically useable format.
Withdraw consent. In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.

If you want to exercise any of these rights, then please submit a notification in writing to the Company’s Data Protection Contact Person as set out above. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Changes to Data Protection Policy
This Policy may change from time to time and any changes thereto will be communicated to you by way of a notice on the Website.
Vers. dated 22 May 2018
Online Purchases
Conditions of Use
These terms and conditions (the “Terms&quot;) govern the purchases of various products, supplements and equipment (the “Products”) made by the users (&quot;you&quot; or &quot;your&quot;) of the website http://fitnessclub247.com/ (the “Website&quot;) and your relationship with 24×7 which is the trading/branding name which is collectively administered by T.Q (Gauci) Company Limited (C30310) of Clevlands Apt, Block A Flat 5, Triq il-Fiera, Bahrija and S T Gauci Company Limited (C 60606) of Clevlands Apt, Block A Flat 5, Triq il-Fiera, Bahrija (&quot;we&quot;, &quot;our&quot; or &quot;us&quot;). Please read these Terms closely as they will affect your rights and liabilities under law with respect to the purchase of the Products. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not access or continue to use the Website.
1. Agreement
By using the Website, in relation to the purchase of the Products, you agree to be bound by these Terms.
2. Amendments
We reserve the right to:

Amend and update these Terms from time to time, with any changes being notified by a notification on the Website. It is your responsibility to check for such updates or amendments. The changes will only apply to the purchase of the Products through the Website after we have issued such a notification. If you do not wish to accept the new terms then you should not continue to use the Website. If you continue to use the Website
after the date on which any changes have been notified then your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to be bound by the new terms; and
Modify or withdraw, either temporarily or permanently, the Website and the material contained within (or any part thereof) without providing notice to you. You confirm that we are not liable to you for any such modification to or withdrawal of the Website or its contents.

3. Registration
You warrant that:

The personal information which you are required to provide when you register is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects; and
You are not impersonating any other person or entity.
You will notify us immediately of any changes to your personal information by e-mailing or telephoning our Data Protection Contact Person:
– e-mail address: mayothomasjames@fitnessclub247.com
– Contact Number: +356 2738 5383

4. Data Protection Policy
All your personal data will be processed in accordance with our Data Protection Policy which is also available on the Website.
5. Protecting Your Security
In order to collect payment for your order we use Paypal. Paypal carries out and is responsible for, all the necessary validations taken to protect your security and confirm your payment. We take the risk of internet fraud extremely seriously. We make every effort to ensure all orders are fraud checked using the information already provided, however there is a possibility that we may need to contact you in order to make additional security checks and we ask for your co-operation in these circumstances. Fraud is a criminal offence and any fraudulent transactions will be reported to the applicable authorities.
6. Indemnity
You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of these Terms by you or anyone else acting on your behalf, or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website or any other person accessing the Website using your personal information.
7. Third Party Links
For the convenience of our customers, the Website may include relevant links to other websites or material, which is beyond our control. We are not responsible for such websites or material, nor do we review or endorse them. We will not be liable, whether directly or indirectly, for the privacy/data protection practices or content of such websites or material, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, materials or services available on such external websites or resources.
8. Orders
All orders are subject to acceptance and availability. If the Products ordered are not available, you will be notified by e-mail or telephone as soon as possible to inform you of this. You will have the option either to wait until the item is available from stock, exchange it for alternative item/s or cancel your order.
Any orders placed by you will be treated as an offer to purchase the Products from us and we have the right to reject such offers at any time. You acknowledge that any automated acknowledgment of your order which you may receive from us shall not amount to our acceptance of your offer to purchase the Products advertised on the Website. The conclusion of a contract between you and us will take place when we (i) debit your credit/debit card or PayPal account; or, (ii) dispatch your order, whichever is the later.
We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data provided by you when accessing or ordering from the Website.
9. Price and Payment
All prices shown are inclusive of VAT, where applicable, at the current rates and are correct at the time of publishing. We do reserve the right, however, to change prices at any time without notice to you.
If your delivery address is within the Malta (Europe), no additional taxes will be charged to you. If your delivery address is outside of the Malta (Europe) then you may be subject to import duties and taxes (including VAT), which are levied once a delivery reaches your destination country. Any such additional charges must be borne by you. You should note that customs policies and practices do vary widely from country to country. We recommend that you contact your local customs office for specific importation information.
Payment can be made by using most credit/debit cards or PayPal. Payment will be debited from your account before dispatch of your order. If payment is to be made via a credit card a pre-auth amount may be held against the card until the card issuer has validated the payment.
In the unlikely event that the price offered to you at the checkout page is wrong, and we discover this before acceptance of your order, we are not required to sell the Products to you at the price shown. We always try to ensure that the prices of the Products shown on our Website are accurate, but occasionally genuine errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of the Products that you have ordered we will let you know as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price, changing it to alternative item/s or cancelling it. If you cancel your order and you have already paid for the Products, then you will receive a full
refund.
You confirm that the credit or debit card that is being used is yours. All credit/debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to or does not, for any reason, authorise payment to us we will not be liable to you for any delay or non-delivery.
Where applicable, you may only use one discount code per order. We reserve the right to reject or cancel any orders where you use more than one discount code. A discount code or discount voucher cannot be applied retrospectively to an order that has already been processed by us. We allow you to use discount codes strictly on the terms and conditions upon which they were issued which, amongst other things, may include terms relating to your eligibility to use them and a maximum order value. Please familiarise yourself with these Terms before you place an order as we reserve the right to reject or cancel any orders which do not comply with these
Terms even if your credit or debit card has been charged. If there is any inconsistency between the terms and conditions upon which the discount codes were issued and these terms and conditions, the discount code terms and conditions prevail.
10. Eligibility to Purchase
To be eligible to purchase Products on this Website, and lawfully enter into and form contracts
on this Website, under Maltese law you must:

 If an individual, be 18 years of age or over; and
Register your real name, address, phone number, e-mail address any other details
requested; and

By offering to purchase Products you represent to us that you are 18 years of age or over and authorise us to transmit information (including updated information) to obtain information from third parties, including but not limited to, your debit or credit card numbers or credit reports to authenticate your identity, to validate your credit card, to obtain an initial credit card authorisation and to authorise individual purchase transactions.
11. Intellectual Property
The content of the Website is protected by copyright, trade marks, database and other intellectual
property rights and you acknowledge that the material and content supplied as part of the
Website shall remain with us or our licensors.
12. Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Terms, nothing in these Terms:

Affects or limits your rights as a consumer under Maltese law; or
Will exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our
negligence.

The Website is provided on an &quot;as is&quot; and &quot;as available&quot; basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties, whether express or implied, in relation to it and its use. You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee and cannot be responsible for the security or privacy of the Website and any information provided to by you. You must bear the risk associated with the use of the Internet.
Whilst we will try to ensure that Website material is correct, reputable and of high quality, we cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case. We will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problems you may experience with the Website. If we are informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Website then we will attempt to correct this as soon as we reasonably can.
In particular, we disclaim all liabilities in connection with the following:

Incompatibility of the Website with any of your equipment, software or
telecommunications links.
Technical problems including errors or Website interruptions.
Unsuitability, unreliability or inaccuracy of the Website.
Inadequacy of the Website to meet your requirements.

To the full extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable to you or any
third party for any consequential or incidental damages (both of which terms includes, without
limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings,
wasted expenditure, loss of privacy and loss of data) or any other indirect, special or punitive
damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the Website.
13. Severance
If any part of these Terms is deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that
part shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions of these Terms.
14. Waiver
No waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any
provision.
15. Entire Agreement
These Terms form the entire basis of any agreement reached between you and us. These Terms
shall also operate independently of any other terms pertaining to other services and included on
the Website.
16. Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Malta and any
disputes will be decided only by the Maltese courts.
17. Matters Beyond Our Control
We shall not be held liable for any breach of these Terms caused by circumstances outside our
control including, but not limited to, Acts of God, explosions, fire, lightning, severe weather,
war, disorder, flood, industrial disputes (whether or not involving our employees), acts or
omissions of Internet Service Providers (ISP) or acts of local Government, central Government
or other competent authorities.
18. Language
In the event that there is an inconsistency or misunderstanding in relation to the Terms, due to a
translation provided by us, then the English language version of these Terms shall always
prevail.
