
        PRIVACY POLICY:
Primary Resources will not pass on email addresses or other information  about contributors, general site visitors, message board users and mailing list subscribers to other companies or organisations except to  comply with court orders or law enforcement agencies. We do not & will not sell your personal information to others.

ADVERTISING COOKIES:
We include advertising on Primary Resources so that the site can continue to remain free to use. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit  our website. These companies may use anonymous information (not including your  name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to  this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods  and services of interest to you. These companies may use cookies to record your visits to this site. The aboutads.org site has a useful tool for opting out of cookies of this type.
OPTING OUT OF COOKIES:
Google Adsense: Google Adsense puts advertising on our pages relevant to our content or your interests. You can find out about Google privacy & their use of cookies here. You can opt out of receiving Google cookies or tailor the sorts of advertising you see by using their Ads Preference Manager. Google also provide a useful Advertising Cookie Opt-out Plugin for various Internet browsers which lets you keep your opt out status even when you clear all cookies. 
Google Doubleclick: We use Google Doubleclick to run our own advertising and advertising other companies place with us. You can opt out of this cookie by visiting the by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out site and scrolling down to the entry 'Google'.
Amazon: Primary Resources is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk. We use the Amazon Associates programme to provide links to books and other teaching-related products. You can adjust the way Amazon tailors advertising by visiting their advertising preferences page.
Google Analytics: We no longer use Google Analytics on this site. 
Facebook, Twitter & Other Social Media: We include various social media buttons on the site to allow site users to share resources and pages with others. To do so we embed code that they provide and we do not control ourselves. To function their buttons generally know if you’re logged in; for example Facebook use this to say “x of your friends like this”. We do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks use it. 
You can also using the settings in your Internet browser to refuse, block and manage your cookies. The aboutcookies.org website has a page detailing how to control cookies in all the major desktop Internet browsers. (Please note, this is an external site that is unconnected to Primary Resources and we are not responsible for the accuracy of any content given there).
Even though we're only a very small site Primary Resources takes your privacy very seriously. We hope this page has given you all the information and links you need to control the use of cookies. Every effort will be made to keep the information on this page up-to-date but please contact us if you notice a mistake or have any other concerns about your privacy.
Please see our full Terms & Conditions for other information about our site and how you may use it.
 
