This policy addresses issues of the collection, security, use and access of information that may be obtained through the use of the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department Web site.
Information We Collect
TPWD uses log analysis tools to create summary statistics for purposes such as assessing the level of interest in information, determining technical design specifications, managing site functions, identifying system performance and problem areas, and for providing metrics to advertisers/and or their advertising agencies. This information will, in all cases, be provided in a manner that does not reveal personally identifiable information.
The following information is collected for this analysis:

User/Client hostname — The hostname (or IP address, if DNS is disabled) of the user/client requesting access.
HTTP header, "user-agent" — The user-agent information includes the type of browser used, its version, and the operating system it is running on.
HTTP header, "referer" — The referer specifies the page from which the user/client accessed the current page.
System date — The date and time of the user/client request.
Full request — The exact request the user/client made.
Status — The status code the server returned to the user/client.
Content length — The content length, in bytes, of the document sent to the user/client.
Method — The request method used.
Universal Resource Identifier (URI) — The location of a resource on the server.
Query string of the URI — Anything after the question mark in a URI.
Protocol — The transport protocol and version used.

Security We Use
We use a secure socket layer (SSL) connection to enhance the security of any information you choose to submit to us on our Web site. In other areas of our Web site, we provide only the security necessary to maintain our Web site and information we provide to you as part of our services.
For site security purposes and to ensure that the site remains available to all users, the Department uses software to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Texas Penal Code Chapters 33 (Computer Crimes) or 33A (Telecommunications Crimes).
Use of Information
Cookies
A cookie is an extremely small text file that resides on the user's hard drive, created at the request of the Web server to track specific information. The TPWD Web site uses cookies to gather statistical information and to provide interactive pages, such as Web-based forms, surveys, shopping carts and promotions. In some cases a Third Party cookie may be used to deliver promotional offers to customers from TPWD sponsors and/or TPWD partners who provide donations or shared revenue to the Department. Users may opt out of the Third Party cookie placed by DoubleClick that is used to collect anonymous traffic data.
E-mail
Personally identifiable information contained in a question or comment sent to the Department in an e-mail message or in an online form submitted to the Department will only be used by TPWD to respond to the request. The Department may redirect the message to another government agency or person who is in a better position to answer the question.
Web-based Forms
TPWD uses Web-based forms for various reasons. Personally identifiable information collected from these forms has a specified use (e.g., registration, survey response, etc.) and the information is generally used by TPWD for that purpose only. Each form contains a link to this privacy policy.
Customer Information
The information we collect may be used to update our customer files. TPWD may sell personal information from boat or magazine files as authorized by the Texas Administrative Code.
With few exceptions, you are entitled on request to be informed about the information that we collect about you. Under Sections 552.021 and 552.023 of the Texas Government Code, you are also entitled to receive and review this information. Under Section 559.004 of the Texas Government Code, you are entitled to have us correct any information about you that is incorrect. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
The information we collect will be retained and maintained as required by Texas Records Retention laws and rules and may be subject to public disclosure under the Public Information Act.
Additional information regarding privacy policies can be found in the Privacy Policy Guidelines. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission also provides information for educating consumers and businesses about the importance of personal information privacy at Federal Trade Commission – Privacy Initiatives.
If you have any questions or concerns about the online policy for this site or its implementation, you may contact us at webcomments@tpwd.state.tx.us
