

            2.	Cookies, Google Analytics, Facebook and AddThis plugins
          
2.1. Cookies
This website uses so-called cookies. A cookie is a small file that may be installed on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are generally used to provide site visitors with additional functionality within the site. They may for example be created to keep track of your visit and support your navigation on the website, help you resume where you left off and/or remember your preferences and settings when you visit the website again. Cookies cannot access, read or modify any other data on your computer.
Most of the cookies used on this website are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted once you leave the website. On the other hand, persistent cookies remain on your computer until you delete them in your browser. We use persistent cookies to recognize you when you visit this website the next time.
If you want to control the cookies installed on your computer, you can modify your browser settings so that it notifies you when a website wants to install a cookie or you can block cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been installed on your computer. Refer to the 'Help' function within your browser for more information on how to perform these steps.
Please note, however, that disabling cookies might affect your online experience and/or prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
2.2. Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how you use this website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If this website anonymizes IP addresses, your IP address will be truncated by Google within a EU member state or other EEA state before being transmitted to the US. Only in exceptional situations will your full IP address be transmitted to Google servers in the United States and truncated there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can prevent Google from collecting information (including your IP address) via cookies and processing this information by downloading this browser plugin and installing it: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at the Google Analytics Terms of Service or at the Google Analytics Privacy Overview. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics is supplemented by "gat.anonymizeIp();" to ensure anonymized collection of IP addresses (IP masking).
2.3. Facebook plugins (Like-button)Our pages integrate plugins of the social network Facebook operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins are characterized by the Facebook logo or the “Like-Button” (“Like”) on our website. You can find an overview of Facebook-plugins here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you visit our pages, the plugin establishes a connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook thereby obtains the information that you have visited our website using your IP address. If you click on the Facebook “Like” button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our pages on your Facebook profile. Thereby Facebook can correlate your visit of our site with your user account. We point out that we as the provider of this website have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or how Facebook uses it. For more information, please refer to the privacy statement of Facebook under http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php.
If you do not wish that Facebook can associate your visit to our website with your Facebook-account, please log out from your Facebook account before visiting our website.
2.4. AddThis pluginOur website also uses a social bookmarking plugin called “AddThis” which is provided by the Oracle Corporation, 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 (“Oracle”). Through AddThis, Oracle also provides web analytics services to us. AddThis uses cookies to implement the described functionality. Oracle collects data such as your IP address or your behavior on our website to evaluate your use of our website and compile anonymized reports on website activity. This information will be used by Oracle for the purpose of serving you with targeted advertising. Oracle may transfer the collected information to their servers or third parties outside of the EU/EEA.
Further details on the categories of collected data and the its processing are available at http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy.
You may object to the collection of data by Oracle by following the instructions at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.

