This privacy notice discloses OneBlood’s privacy practices for our web site:
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
If you read or download information, we automatically collect and store:

the requested web page
the domain from which you access the Internet 
the date and time you access our site
status of the request (e.g. success or failure)
the type and version of your web browser (Firefox, Explorer, etc.)
the operating system (Windows, Mac, Unix, etc.) of the machine running the web browser

OneBlood will not obtain any other personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Any information you provide to us is securely stored within the OneBlood private network. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about OneBlood activities, opportunities to donate blood in your area or changes to this privacy policy. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill a request you make, such as scheduling an appointment to give blood. Any other dissemination of information will require your prior consent.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time, our site requests information by survey or contest. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether to participate and, therefore, disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and mailing address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award contest prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Third Party Sites
Google Adwords Personal Data Collected:

Cookies and Usage Data as stated in privacy policy of service (Google). To opt out of any Google tracking , please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en

Google Analytics Personal Data Collected:

Cookies and Usage Data as stated in privacy policy of service (Google). To opt out of any Google tracking , please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en

Facebook Personal Data Collected:

Http Headers - Anything present in HTTP headers. HTTP Headers are a standard web protocol sent between any browser request and any server on the internet. HTTP Headers include IP addresses, information about the web browser, page location, document, referrer and person using the website.
Pixel-specific Data - This includes Pixel ID and the Facebook Cookie.
Button Click Data - This includes any buttons clicked by site visitors, the labels of those buttons and any pages visited as a result of the button clicks.
Optional Values - Developers and marketers can optionally choose to send additional information about the visit through Custom Data events. Examples of custom data events are conversion value, page type and more.
Form Field Names - This includes website field names like ‘email’, ‘address’, and ‘quantity’ when a person purchases a product or service. The pixel does not capture field values unless an advertiser includes them as part of Advanced Matching or optional values.
Click to view Facebook’s full data use policy.

Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can also do the following at any time by contacting us.
- See what data we have about you, if any.
- Change/correct any data we have about you.
- Have us delete any data we have about you.
- Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
No Professional Advice
The content on this Web site is intended to be a general information resource in regard to the subject matter covered, but is provided solely on an “as is” and “as available” basis as noted on these Terms of Use. You are encouraged to confirm the information contained herein with other sources, and to review the information carefully with your professional healthcare provider. Any information supplied through theOneBlood Web site by any employee or agent of OneBlood, whether by telephone, e-mail, letter, facsimile or other form of communication, is for informational purposes or general guidance on the use of the Web site, and does not constitute medical, legal, or other professional advice. Health-related information provided through the Web site is not a substitute for medical advice, and it is important that you not make medical decisions without first consulting your personal physician or other healthcare professional. If you desire or need such services or advice, you should consult a professional healthcare provider. You should not construe OneBlood’s publication of this content as an endorsement by OneBlood of the views expressed herein, or any warranty or guarantee of any strategy, recommendation, treatment, action, or application of medication or preparation made by the author of the content.
Links & Disclaimer
Our web site has links to other organizations with their permission. Upon leaving the OneBlood web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. OneBlood is not responsible for nor can control the availability or content of the websites being linked to. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. All content on this web site is provided to you on an “as is” “as available” basis without warranty of any kind either express or implied, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, and non-infringement. OneBlood makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, or reliability of any content available through this web site. You are responsible for verifying any information before relying on it. Use of the web site and the content available on the web site is at your sole risk. OneBlood makes no representations or warranties that use of the web site will be uninterrupted or error-free. You are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any content you may obtain from the web site is free of viruses. We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant against errors, omissions, delays, interruptions or losses, including loss of data. Anyone accessing this site assumes the entire cost of all necessary computer or network servicing, repair or correction. Under no circumstances will OneBlood be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the OneBlood Web site.
Termination/Modification of Terms of Use
OneBlood  reserves the right, in its sole discretion to terminate or revise this Terms of Use at any time without prior notice. You are bound by any such revisions or termination and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision of these Terms of Use held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable. The parties further agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable provision of these Terms of Use with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable provision.
Concerns? Complaints
If you believe your privacy has been violated, you may file a complaint with OneBlood on our confidential compliance and privacy hotline at 1-407-226-3888. You will not be penalized or retaliated against in any way for making a complaint to OneBlood.
