
    Each time you use the website, the current version of the Terms and
    Conditions
    will apply. Accordingly, when you use the website, you should check the date
    of the
    Terms and Conditions (which appears at the bottom) and review any changes
    since the last version.
    
    Please review carefully the entire website Terms and Conditions before
    agreeing to them.
    By viewing or using this website or any part of it, you agree to all of the
    Terms and Conditions of this website.
    
    The term PAYBACKFX or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website
    whose. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.

    The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: 




            All performance claims found on PAYBACKFX about trading systems or
            strategies must be regarded as hypothetical. Use of PAYBACKFX to
            offer or subscribe to a trading system or strategy indicates you
            agree to our Terms and Conditions. Before using any systems or
            strategies
            listed on PAYBACKFX you
            should be aware that there is often a vast difference between
            hypothetical results and real-life trading results achievable in a
            real brokerage account, and real-live results are almost always
            vastly worse than hypothetical results. Performance results for
            systems and strategies
            listed on
            PAYBACKFX do not take into account fees, spreads and/or trading
            commissions that may be charged by your broker or a money manager.
            Please consult with your broker for information on these costs.
            Additional information on how PAYBACKFX calculates performance data
            can be
            found on the PAYBACKFX FAQ page.
        

            HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS,
            SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE
            THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFITS OR LOSSES
            SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP
            DIFFERENCES BETWEEN
            HYPOTHETICAL
            PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS SUBSEQUENTLY ACHIEVED BY
            ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM. ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF
            HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED
            WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING
            DOES NOT INVOLVE
            FINANCIAL RISK,
            AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE
            IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING. FOR EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY
            TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN
            SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY
            AFFECT
            ACTUAL TRADING
            RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN
            GENERAL OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM
            WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF
            HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY
            AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING
            RESULTS.
        

            Trading is never without risk and you are urged to carefully read
            and consider the following before utilizing any or all of our
            services:
            (a) No aspect of the Site is intended to provide, or should be
            construed as providing, any investment, tax or other financial
            related advice of any kind. You should not consider any content on
            the Site to be a substitute for professional financial advice. While
            individual
            participants may
            offer investment advice or opinions and/or effect a transaction
            which may be subsequently copied by another trader, such advice,
            opinions, or trades amount to nothing more than exchanges between
            persons who may be anonymous or unidentifiable or simply the
            execution of a trade by
            such
            traders. PAYBACKFX does not provide investment advice directly,
            indirectly, implicitly, or in any manner whatsoever by making such
            information and/or features available to you. You should use any
            information gathered from here and/or utilize the PAYBACKFX features
            only as a
            starting
            point for your own independent research.
            (b) The Site, Services, and PAYBACKFX features are provided by
            PAYBACKFX solely for informational purposes. PAYBACKFX and/or any on
            its behalf, including its affiliates and their employees and agents
            are not investment or financial advisers. ANY INVESTMENT DECISIONS
            YOU MAY
            MAKE IN
            RELIANCE ON INFORMATION WHICH IS AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE OR AS A
            RESULT OF THE USE OF THE PAYBACKFX TRADING FEATURES, ARE AT YOUR OWN
            RISK AND PAYBACKFX, AND ITS PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES AND
            AGENTS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES THAT YOU MAY SUSTAIN. YOU
            ARE SOLELY
            AND EXCLUSIVELY
            RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING WHETHER ANY INVESTMENT, OR STRATEGY, OR
            ANY OTHER PRODUCT OR SERVICE IS APPROPRIATE OR SUITABLE FOR YOU
            BASED ON YOUR INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AND PERSONAL AND FINANCIAL
            SITUATION.
            (c) If you choose to copy specific traders and/or trades and/or to
            engage in transactions based on content on the Site, then such
            decision and transactions and any consequences flowing therefrom are
            your sole responsibility.
            (d) A copied trader’s positions will be copied with the same
            proportional amounts and with the same leverage, to the maximum
            extent possible. All such positions will be closed automatically if
            and when closed by the copied trader for whatsoever reason, without
            providing any
            further notice
            and without any action on your part and/or if the copied trader
            positions were closed manually by the follower.
            (e) You may achieve a materially different result than the PAYBACKFX
            system that you followed, especially if you place additional trades
            in your account or you modify or cancel an order generated by the
            PAYBACKFXr system.
            (f) Any past performance indicated on this Site is not indicative of
            future results. Anyone investing should be able and prepared to bear
            a loss of his or her entire investment. You are fully responsible
            for any losses you may sustain as a result of our automatic
            execution of
            instructions
            generated as a result of the utilization of any of the PAYBACKFX
            trading Features.
        

            Any comments/opinions or market advice found on the website are not
            necessarily the opinions of PAYBACKFX or its affiliates and should
            not be construed as a solicitation or recommendation. The
            comments/opinions posted are of traders who may or may not be
            experienced. The
            comments/opinions are
            not reviewed or researched by PAYBACKFX.com or its affiliates. If
            you chose to make decisions or place trades based upon the comments,
            you are doing so at your own risk. PAYBACKFX and its affiliates are
            not responsible for any losses incurred due to the use of the
            content
            on PAYBACKFX.com.
            Contents and prizes offered should not be considered as an incentive
            to trade. Only partake in the trading contests when you feel you are
            ready to trade.
        
You must be 18 years of age or older to use the website. You
            represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age
            or older and are fully able and competent to enter into, and abide
            by, the contract created by the Terms and Conditions.
        
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall
            PAYBACKFX, its affiliates, or their respective officers,
            directors, shareholders, employees and agents be liable for any
            damages, liability, claims, expenses and costs, incurred by
            you as a result of your use of the site or the information. Without
            limitation, they shall not be liable for any lost profits,
            lost savings or any consequential, incidental, direct, indirect,
            special, punitive or other damages whatsoever, including,
            without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business
            interruption, loss of business information, costs
            associated with recreating lost data, the cost of any substitute
            program or other pecuniary loss, arising out of this
            agreement or the use of or inability to use the site or the
            information, whether resulting from impaired or lost data, or any
            other cause, even if PAYBACKFX has been advised of the possibility
            of such damages.
        

            You agree to protect and fully compensate PAYBACKFX and their
            affiliates from any and all third party claims, liability,
            damages, expenses and costs, including, but not limited to,
            reasonable attorneys fees, caused by or arising from your use
            of the service, your violation of these terms or your infringement,
            or infringement by any other user of your account, of
            any intellectual property or other right of anyone.
        

            PAYBACKFX is not providing exchange, investment, tax or legal
            advice, acting as a fiduciary or endorsing any company,
            property, product, service, exchange, security, instrument, or any
            other matter by posting any participant submitted
            information on the website.
        

            PAYBACKFX is not disposing analysis, exchange, trading, brokers, or
            investment advisory services on this website.
            We do not purport to tell people, or suggest to people what they
            should buy or sell for themselves or who can guide them so.
            Neither PAYBACKFX nor anyone affiliated with PAYBACKFX is
            responsible for any exchange, trading, or investment decision made
            by participants on the basis of using this website. Participants
            should always read the corresponding prospectus and other
            relevant material, check with their licensed financial advisor and
            their tax advisor to determine the suitability of any
            exchange or investment.
        

            You acknowledge that there is a risk that the website may knowingly
            contain incomplete, incorrect, inaccurate,
            misleading and/or false information.
        

            The information on this website is not verified in any way.
        

            The content of the pages of the website is for your general
            information only with no responsibility or
            liability regarding this information or resulting from it. The
            content is subject to change without notice.
        

            Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee
            regarding the information on the website,
            including, but not limited to, the accuracy, timeliness,
            performance, completeness or suitability of the information
            and materials found or offered on the website for any purpose. You
            acknowledge that such information and materials may
            contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability
            for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest
            extent permitted by law.
        

            Your use of any information or materials on the website is entirely
            at your own risk, for which we shall not be
            liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any
            products, services or information available through
            the website meet your specific requirements.
        

            The information posted on the website should not be used by others
            in connection with any sale, offer for sale
            or solicitation of an offer to sale or buy foreign currency,
            securities or any other investments, and is not a
            recommendation or opinion for you to participate in any transaction.
        

            This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us.
            This material includes, but is not limited
            to, the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics and any
            information or materials, includes, but is not limited
            to any information or materials provided by you. We shall be free to
            use, for any purpose, any and all ideas,
            concepts, know-how, techniques or other information provided by you
            to the website. Reproduction is prohibited by law.
        

            All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the
            property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the
            website.
        

            PAYBACKFX shall have no duty of confidentiality regarding personal
            or other information submitted on the website.
            We shall act as provided in an applicable privacy policy, or as
            otherwise required by law, with respect to the disclosure
            of personal information, includes, but is not limited to names,
            address, or email address submitted to us. If you would
            like to protect any information submitted by you, please submit it
            to us under the bolded statement that the following
            information is personal and confidential and do not submit it to us
            as all or part of a web posting. We expressly disclaim
            any responsibility for reviewing or evaluating any information
            submitted to us as part of a web posting.
        

            Unauthorized use of this website may lead to a claim for damages
            and/or be a criminal offence.
        

            You agree and understand that you are responsible for maintaining
            the confidentiality of your password which,
            together with your login e-mail address, allows you to access
            certain portions of the website.
        

            By providing us with your e-mail address, you agree to receive all
            required notices electronically,
            to that e-mail address. It is your responsibility to update or
            change that address, as appropriate.
        

            If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your registration
            information, you agree to notify PAYBACKFX immediately.
        

            From time to time this website may also include links to other
            websites. These links are provided for your convenience
            to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse
            the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content
            of the linked website(s).
        

            Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the
            website is done at your own discretion and risk and
            you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or
            loss of any data that results from the download of any such
            material.
        

            PAYBACKFX reserves the right to, and may, terminate or temporarily
            suspend your access to all or any part of the website,
            without notice, for conduct that PAYBACKFX believes violates these
            Terms and Conditions or any of its policies or guidelines,
            or for any other reason in its sole discretion. PAYBACKFX will bear
            no responsibility or liability from such action.
        

            When using the website, you must comply with all applicable laws,
            any applicable foreign or domestic regulatory body,
            national or other securities exchanges, including rules against
            making false or misleading statements to manipulate the price
            of a foreign currency or any security.
        

            In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is
            held unenforceable, the validity or enforceability of
            the remaining provisions will not be affected, and the unenforceable
            provision will be replaced with an enforceable
            provision that comes closest to the intention underlying the
            unenforceable provision.
        

            PAYBACKFX is a company registered in the British Virgin Islands,
            therefore your access to and use of this website, and these
            Terms and Conditions, are governed by and will be construed solely
            in accordance with the laws of the State of British Virgin Islands,
            without giving effect to any law or rule that would cause the laws
            of any jurisdiction other than the British Virgin Islands to be
            applied.
            Any action arising out of these Terms and Conditions or this website
            shall be litigated in, and only in, courts located in
            the British Virgin Islands, and you agree to submit to the exclusive
            jurisdiction of those courts, and further agree that
            they are a convenient forum for you.
             


Date: Januray 1st, 2016.
If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern PAYBACKFX's relationship with you in relation to this website.Each time you use the website, the current version of the Terms and Conditions will apply. Accordingly, when you use the website, you should check the date of the Terms and Conditions (which appears at the bottom) and review any changes since the last version.Please review carefully the entire website Terms and Conditions before agreeing to them. By viewing or using this website or any part of it, you agree to all of the Terms and Conditions of this website.The term PAYBACKFX or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website whose. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: