Our responsibility is to ensure patient safety and confidentiality.
This Web site ("Site") is offered by UF Health for general information, education and communication purposes only. The Medical Information section of this Site may not represent the official position of UF Health or the University of Florida College of Medicine. This information is neither intended nor implied to take the place of professional medical advice and should not be used for diagnoses. Information on this Site is not intended to create any physician-patient relationship. If you have questions or concerns about your health, please contact your health care provider.
UF Health endeavors to make certain that the information contained in this Site is accurate; however, UF Health cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information. Therefore, this Site is provided without warranty or guarantee of any kind, whether express or implied, including without limitation warranty of title or infringement, or the implied warranty of marketability or fitness for a particular purpose.
UF Health shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive, or any other monetary or other damages, fees, fines, penalties, or liabilities arising out of or relating in any way to this Site or sites accessed through this Site, and/or content or information provided on this Site.
Links to other Web sites are provided on this Site. These linked Web sites are not controlled or endorsed by UF Health.
Privacy Statement
UF Health is committed to privacy. It is important that users of this Site understand that you can usually visit this Site without submitting any personal information. If you send us e-mail, respond to a survey, subscribe to one of our online publications, or complete one of our online forms, then we will have access to the information which you submitted. As a general rule, UF Health does not track individual visitor profiles. We do, however, analyze aggregate traffic/access information for our operational purposes. However, due to the nature of electronic communication, we cannot and do not provide any assurance that the content of your e-mail will not become known or accessible to third parties. Any confidential information about you or your health that you provide to us via electronic communication is done at your own risk.
The Information We Collect
When you access official UF Health web sites, certain access information described below is automatically collected. No other information is collected through our official web sites except when you deliberately send it to us (for example, by completing and sending an online form or by clicking a link to send us an e-mail).
Access Information (automatically collected)
Client information: the Internet domain and Internet address of the computer you’re using.
Technical information: identification of the page or service you are requesting, type of browser and operating system you are using; and the date and time of access, the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our web site, and the "cookie information" used to direct and tailor information based on your entry path to the site.
Essential and nonessential technical information lets us respond to your request in an appropriate format [or in a personalized manner] and helps us plan Web site improvements. To expedite this process, some official UF Health web sites use "cookies." Usually a cookie enables us to tailor what you see according to the way you entered the site. We also use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our web sites. For example, we may determine that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Web site, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out a particular registration form. But we do not disclose information that could identify those specific individuals.
Optional information (deliberately sent)
E-mail: your name, e-mail address, and the content of your e-mail.
Online forms: all the information that you choose to fill in or confirm. This may include credit or debit card information if you are ordering a product or making a payment, as well as information about other people if you are providing it for delivery purposes, etc.
Live Chat: all the information that you choose to fill in or confirm. This may include information about other people if you are providing it for delivery purposes, etc.
We do not share this information with any outside organization.
How To Contact Us
For further information, you can contact the webmaster using the Webmaster Contact Form or by emailing webservices@ahc.ufl.edu. Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies and practices, please call us at (352) 265-8787 or (866) 682-2372 (toll-free), or send us an e-mail to Security@shands.ufl.edu or Privacy@shands.ufl.edu.
