Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect and how We Use Information:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on domina.ms web site. On some pages, you can design your web page. The information stored in this situation is strictly to customize your web page to the specifications you submit. the following information is the only personally identifiable information stored to complete this task.  All other information stored during this process is Non-personally identifiable information as defined below.
mistress contact email address
                        private email address
                        stage name

For purely administrative purposes (billing) we collect the following information:
billing due date
                        payment history
                        notes on our contact attempts
 
                        Non-personally identifiable information:
                        Non-personally identifiable information is collected without any direct association with you specifically. In the normal course of using Domina.ms, we may collect information about your habits and usage of our site. 

                        Our web site may compile statistics about the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, common navigation paths within the sites, types of browsers and platforms that access the sites and the average connection speeds used to connect to the sites. This information is used to enhance the online experience of our customers. These technologies do not use or collect personally identifiable information, such as names or address, and do not link online actions to an identifiable person.
Third parties:
We DO NOT supply any personal information to anyone.  Your information is kept completely confidential.  

                        An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. Domina.ms collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregated information and to audit the use of our site. If we are required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or subpoena, we will provide these IP addresses to the proper authorities.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain it by  going to http://domina.ms/main.html#edit. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email by clicking here
