
We have upated this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy and the protection of your personal information.  We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system and under our control.  We take your right to privacy seriously and want you to feel comfortable using this site.


DATA COLLECTION 
We may collect personal information from our web sites in several ways if you choose to provide it.  We collect visitors’ contact information, credit card information, and demographic information.   For example, we require you to provide personal information in order to register on a Site, purchase ski passes or other products online, book reservations, participate in contests, sweepstakes, events, or promotions offered on the Site.   In addition, you can submit information about other people.  For example, you may purchase a gift card and request the card be sent to that particular person. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION
This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, address, phone number, and other information about yourself. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you provide to us.
Personal Information also includes Navigational Information or Payment Information where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual. Navigational information refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the "Navigation Information" section below. Payment information includes process payment information from you when you make purchases from us, including credit cards numbers and billing information, using third party PCI-compliant service providers.

SHARING AND USAGE 
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law.  Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.  

COOKIES AND IP ADDRESSES 
Like many web sites, this Site sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience – to remember your personal settings, for instance.  A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser for a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  All areas on the Sites where you are prompted to log-in or that are customizable require you to accept cookies.  We use the cookies to ensure you obtain the information or product your request.  Cookies do not reveal your personal identity, nor can they capture private data.  Rather, cookies establish a user session and allow our server to correctly provide the users with the appropriate frames and content.  An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the Web.  We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to track the use of the Sites.  We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable.  Visitors remain anonymous to us.

OPT OUT CHOICES
You can contact us by email or by phone at any of our resorts to request any changes to how we collect or use your information or unsubscribe to any newsletters, emails, or other communications you may be receiving from us.  We will use every reasonable effort to accommodate your request.  Phone, address and email address information can be found here.

