
When you request information from NCT, sign up to any of our services or buy things from us, NCT obtains information about you. This statement explains how we look after that information and what we do with it. 
We have a legal duty under the Data Protection Act to prevent your information falling into the wrong hands. We must also ensure that the data we hold is accurate, adequate, relevant and not excessive. 
Normally the only information we hold comes directly from you.  Whenever we collect information from you, we will make it clear which information is required in order to provide you with the information, service or goods you need.  You do not have to provide us with any additional information unless you choose to.  We store your information securely on our computer system, we restrict access to those who have a need to know, and we train our staff in handling the information securely.
We never sell data.  We do not pass on data to other organisations unless required by law or with your specific permission. 
Most of our services and support are provided locally by our branches. So they can tell you about what they do and things happening in your area, with your consent, we will pass your contact details to your local branch. If you have signed up to a class or other service we will also pass your details to the specialist worker providing that service. The branch or specialist worker may hold additional information about your participation in local activities. 
We would also like to contact you in future to tell you about other services we provide, and ways in which you might like to support NCT.  You have the right to ask us not to contact you in this way.  We will always aim to provide a clear method for you to opt out.  You can also contact us directly at any time to tell us not to send you any further information or promotional materials. 
As we've said above, we won't sell or share your data. But very occasionally we might contact you to tell you about products, offers or services from carefully selected organisations we think you might be interested in. Again, you have the right to opt out of this. 
You have the right to a copy of all the information we hold about you (apart from a very few things which we may be obliged to withhold because they concern other people as well as you). To obtain a copy, either ask for an application form to be sent to you, or write to the Data Protection Officer at NCT. We aim to reply as promptly as we can and, in any case, within the legal maximum of 40 days.
Our website does not collect identifiable IP addresses to track visitors’ future visits. It sets cookies that track the visitor on this site only.
