SCA Website Privacy Policy StatementPosted: November 2013
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This policy statement applies only to information collected on the SCA website and does not apply to oﬄine sites, products or services. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the SCA website. On some pages, you can order products, apply to SCA programs, make contributions or register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email Address
Home Address
Phone Number
Credit/Debit Card Information
In the case of completing an application for SCA programs or requesting an SCA service, you will be asked to submit additional information above and beyond that listed above.
The Way We Use Information
Information collected on SCA applications will be shared with our agency partners and applicants as necessary to ensure successful selection, placement and fielding of SCA members.At various places on this site, we ask for personal information from you for donor contributions, sales or e-communication purposes. As a matter of policy, SCA does not make commercial use of the personal information you give us. On occasion we share our donor lists (mailing addresses only – never email, phone or fax numbers) with other kindred nonprofit organizations. Opportunities are provided to opt-out of list sharing.We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings or providing customer support. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver that service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.We use information you provide about yourself when purchasing from the SCA store only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use information you provide about someone else when purchasing from the SCA store only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to inform trends within SCA. In doing so, we do not disclose anything that could be used to identify individuals.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Information Sharing
Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process directed against the SCA website.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure that the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Only employees who need information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, all SCA employees are kept up to date on our security and privacy practices.
Access to Personal Information
Upon request we provide SCA website visitors with access to information we maintain about them. Users can access this information by sending an e-mail, calling us (603) 543-1700), or by writing us (The Student Conservation Association, Inc., 689 River Road, Charlestown, NH 03603-0550).
Notification of Changes
If the SCA information practices change at any time, we will contact users whose personal information we maintain, before we use such data for any new purposes. All such users will be notified of the policy change and provided a clear and convenient opportunity to opt out of the new practices. The personal information of users who do not opt out of the new practices will be subject to the new practices. If users have opted out of all communication with the SCA website, they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner.
Use of Cookies
What are “Cookies”? SCA employs the use of cookies to create personalized web experiences on www.theSCA.org. In essence, cookies are small data files that we place on your hard drive that serve as unique identifiers about you. This technology cannot be used to find your name, email address, or other personal information.SCA uses cookies for various reasons. SCA only reads cookies written by our sites. It does not use cookies to obtain information on other Web sites that you may visit. We may use cookies to store some history about parts of our sites that you have visited to help you navigate our site more easily or to alert you to related pages on our site that may be interest you.
Links
In the event links are added to the SCA website, please be aware that SCA is not responsible for the privacy practices of any other sites.
How To Contact Us
Should you have questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 888.722.9675 or send an email.
