
Within our group
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries and use it in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy. 
With third parties
We may share your personal information with third parties for a number of reasons as outlined below. We do not sell your personal information to anyone and only share it with third parties who are facilitating the delivery or fulfilment of our services and or are working on our behalf. We contractually require that our suppliers protect such information from unauthorised access, use, and disclosure.
Third-party service providers
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers which perform services and functions at our direction and on our behalf such as our accountants, IT service providers, printers, payment providers, lawyers, providers of security and administration services and other business advisers.
Third-party service partners
We provide certain services and run promotions in conjunction with third parties and we may share your personal information if the service you have requested is fulfilled by them.  These third parties have their own security and privacy policies. You are advised to review these separately.
Third-party data controllers
We may share your personal information with third parties that may receive and process your personal information as a data controller in their own right. In the context of delivering an order or product to your address, we will share your shipping information with our delivery partners who will use it for the purposes of picking up, delivering and tracking your shipment. Our delivery partners may further use this information to plan delivery routes, to optimise and improve transportation operations and to enhance route and network planning tools such as maps, etc. As such, these third parties act as a data controller in their own right in respect of any shipping information that they hold. You can obtain more information about the delivery partners we use, how they process and treat your personal information and how to exercise your data rights by contacting us at dataprotection@irishtimes.com
Third-party advertisers
We disclose non-personally identifiable anonymous information to third-party advertisers to help them reach the kind of audience they want to target. We share summary aggregate reports for our advertisers to measure the effectiveness of the ads they have served. These advertising parties may combine the information we send with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Independent auditors
We may share your personal data with a third-party auditing organisation (ABC) in accordance with our legitimate interests to verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or to review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards.
Third-party recruiters and clients
If you apply for a job posting on our “Executive Jobs” website, or if you explicitly enable recruiters to see your profile and CV in your candidate account settings, the personal information you provide to us (including sensitive information) may be shared with third-party recruiters and clients.
Social networking sites
Our website and mobile applications use interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to like or share information from our sites through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site and logged in, the interfaces configured on our Services allow the social media site to connect your site visit and browsing behaviour to the personal data held on your social media site. The Irish Times can use this information on an aggregate basis to place ads that are based on your interests on these social media sites. These practices are governed by the privacy statements of these social networking sites and you are advised to review these separately.

