Highsnobiety Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 29, 2017. 
We take your privacy very seriously and are committed to being transparent with how we use your information. This website (www.highsnobiety.com), mobile application and any of our services and sites directing you to this Privacy Policy are controlled by Titel Media GmbH, Ritterstraße 9, 10969 Berlin, Germany (collectively “we” or “us”). 
This Privacy Policy also incorporates the terms contained in the Terms of Use, the Copyright Policy and the Highsnobiety Imprint.
Data controller/responsible body
Titelmedia GmbH, Ritterstraße 9, 10969 Berlin, Germany
Duly represented by David Fischer, Jürgen Hopfgartner
Purpose of data collection, data processing and data use
The company is engaged in operating online publications covering forthcoming trends and news in fashion, art, music, and culture.
Groups of people concerned and the associated data and category of data
Customer and user data, data from partner companies that are needed to fulfill the purpose.
Recipients or groups of recipients to whom data may be disclosed
Public authorities in connection with an overriding legal regulation, contractors in connection with a partnership in accordance with section 11 of the BDSG, external partners and internal departments of Titelmedia GmbH to fulfill the purpose.  In case of prior explicit consent, data may be transferred to partner companies for marketing purposes. 
Time limits for the deletion of data
Under statutory provisions, a variety of obligations and periods apply with regard to the keeping of data. Once these retention periods have expired, the corresponding data must be erased as a matter of routine. Any data not affected by this is deleted if the purposes mentioned above cease to apply.
Transfer of data to third countries
By using social plugins, such as Facebook like button, data is transferred to a third country.
Our Privacy Policy Explains
– What information we collect and why we collect it 
– How we use that information 
– The notice to you and choices we offer, including how to access and update information. 
– How to revoke the use of your personal data
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to know more about what information we collect and store, please contact us at: info@highsnobiety.com.
Information We Collect
We collect information to provide better services to our users and improve our business. We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us or information provided through a social network
For example, some of our services require you to sign up for an account, provide information for a contest or award, or link an account through a social network. The information we collect may include email, name, phone number, address, or credit card information. 
We work with social networks including, but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Snapchat, Instagram, and YouTube. We have access to information you directly provide and information through those social networking services based on your privacy settings on those networks. 
Information we get from your use of our services. We may collect usage information when you visit different parts of our site or use our applications. We may also automatically collect certain technical information such as device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, device type, unique device identifiers, and mobile information if you use a mobile device to access the site). Such information is collected and used in anonymized or pseudonymized form only. 
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”), on our website. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are saved on your computer and that enable your use of the website to be analyzed. The cookie-generated information about your use of our website is usually transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the United States. However, if you are in a country that is a member state of the European Union or a contracting party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area, and if IP address anonymization has been activated on our website, Google will first truncate your IP address. Only by way of exception will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. Google will use this information on our behalf for the purposes of analyzing how you use our website, compiling reports on website activity and providing further services related to website and internet use to the website operator. The IP address transmitted through Google Analytics from your browser will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You can disable cookies by setting your browser accordingly; however, if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of this website (including your IP address) being transmitted to and processed by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
As an alternative to installing the browser plug-in, particularly in internet browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent the collection of data by Google Analytics by clicking this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
This will save an “opt-out” cookie to your device, meaning that none of your data will be collected on this website by Google Analytics.
More detailed information about the function of Google Analytics and the terms of use and privacy policy relevant to this service can be found under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html and http://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy/. We would also like to point out that our website uses Google Analytics with the anonymizeIP extension so that IP addresses are only processed further in an abbreviated form to prevent them being directly linked to a particular individual.
Google AdSense
Our website also utilizes Google AdSense, a Google Inc. service that allows Google to place automatically generated, content-related advertisements on our website. For further information on Google AdSense, please see http://www.google.co.uk/adsense. Similarly to Google Analytics, Google AdSense uses cookies that are saved on your computer and that enable analysis of your use of our website. Additionally, Google AdSense utilizes “web beacons” (invisible graphics), which also enable an evaluation of your use of our website. The information regarding the use of this website (including your IP address) generated by cookies and web beacons, and the delivery of advertising formats, are transferred to a Google server, where they are saved. Google uses such information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide other services to us in relation to website and internet use. Furthermore, Google may pass on this data to its advertising partners. We would like to point out that, in contrast to Google Analytics, Google has as yet not taken measures to anonymize your IP address for its Google AdSense service. Therefore, in addition to the previously mentioned data relating to your use of our website, your IP address will also be transferred to, and saved on, a Google server. You can disable cookies by setting your browser accordingly; however, if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website.
Data for use of the DISQUS comment function
You can use the comment function to comment on articles, tips, news and other content on our website. The comment function is an external service that we have integrated into our website, and is provided by Disqus, Inc., 301 Howard St., Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105 (hereinafter referred to as “DISQUS”). You can use the comment function either as a guest or as a registered user. If you wish to comment on articles on our website as a guest, you must first provide a name under which you wish to comment and a valid email address. This information will be transmitted to DISQUS and saved on their servers. You can also log in and comment using your access data from a pre-existing DISQUS user account or your Facebook, Google+ or Twitter account.
If you log in using your DISQUS access data, a connection will be made with the DISQUS server and DISQUS will be informed that you are visiting our website and using the comment function. This information will be associated with your DISQUS account. We have no influence on the scope of further data that is provided to DISQUS using the comment function and saved there. DISQUS is solely responsible for this data processing. You can prevent DISQUS collecting data and information, in particular usage data, by opting out via the following link (click the “opt out” button).
https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/1657951?utm_source=disqus&utm_medium=embed-footer&utm_content=privacy-btn
When using the comment function via your Facebook, Google+ or Twitter account, DISQUS connects to the relevant social network’s server via our website and informs it that you are visiting our website and using the DISQUS comment function. This information will be associated with your Facebook, Google+ or Twitter account. When registering for DISQUS, Facebook Google+ or Twitter will send your user ID to DISQUS if the login information provided and sent by our website (normally an email address) corresponds to the information saved on Facebook, Google+ or Twitter. At the same time, by logging in using Facebook, Google+ or Twitter you are authorizing DISQUS to use your data and also the functions of Facebook, Google+ or Twitter. You can find more information about this by logging in using your Facebook, Google+ or Twitter account. We have no influence on the volume of further data that is provided to Facebook, Google+ or Twitter using the comment function and saved there. Facebook, Google+ or Twitter is solely responsible for this data processing.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by DISQUS, Facebook, Google+ or Twitter, see the privacy rules of the relevant service. These can be found here:
– DISQUS at https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466259-privacy-policy 
– Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php 
– Google+ at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ 
– Twitter at https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en
There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by DISQUS, Facebook, Google+ or Twitter.
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services and from third parties to provide, maintain, protect and improve our services, to develop new services and offerings and to protect us and our users. We may also use this aggregated and demographic information to offer you tailored content like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication as well as the other information in this Privacy Policy to help solve any issues you might be facing. 
Please keep in mind that comments sections, forums, and other similar areas of our services are public. Any information posted in those areas is viewable and usable by anyone that has access.
We will contact you to ask for your consent before using information for any other purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Links to external social networks and social media widgets
Our website includes links to social networks and social media features. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them. Please note that HighSnobiety is not liable for the privacy policies of these companies. We recommend you to read the privacy policies of those companies after you get to one of their websites.
Facebook
Our website has links to our Facebook page and uses social plugins provided by the social network facebook.com. The sole responsibility for Facebook and its website lies with Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. 
The plugins are identifiable by a Facebook logo (white letter f on blue background or a thumb up icon) or the notice “Facebook Social Plugin”. For a full list of all social Plugins please see https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins?locale=en_US.  
When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin of Facebook, your browser establishes a direct connection to Facebook servers. Facebook directly transfers the plugin content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Facebook to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our website. Thus we have no influence on the data gathered by the plugin and inform you according to our state of knowledge:
  The embedded plugins provide Facebook with the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into Facebook, your visit can be assigned to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking “Like”, or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored by it. Even if you are not logged into Facebook, there is possibility that the plugins transmits your IP-address to Facebook.   
For the information on the purpose and scope of data collection and procession by Facebook, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please visit Facebook’s privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
  If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by Facebook, please log off Facebook before entering our website. Further you can block Facebook social Plugins by using add-ons for your browser, like the “Facebook Blocker“ under http://webgraph.com/. 
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Facebook, see Facebook’s own privacy rules. These are available online at www.facebook.com/policy.php. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by Facebook.
Google+ and Twitter
Our website also has links to our Google+ and Twitter pages and uses social plugins provided by the social network of Google+ and Twitter. Sole responsibility for Google+ and its websites lies with Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; for Twitter with Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St., Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103. 
Using the Google +1 button you can publish information globally. Using the Google +1 button you and other users will receive personalised content from Google and its partners. Google stores the information that you have +1’d content as well as information regarding the page that you were on when you +1’d. Your +1s may be shown together with your profile name and your photo in Google services such as search results, your Google profile or other web sites or advertisements in the Internet. Google records information on your 1+ activities in order to improve Google services for you and others. A global public Google profile, which must at least contain the name selected for this profile, is required to use the Google +1 button. This name will be used for Google services. In some cases this name may even replace a different name that you have used to share content via your Google account. Your Google profile’s identity may be shown to users knowing your email address or have other personally identifiable information about you.
In addition to the purposes described above the information you provided will be used in accordance with Google’s privacy policy. Google may publish consolidated statistics about +1 users’ activities or share them with users and partners such as publishers, advertisers or associated web sites.
When you use Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” feature the pages you visited will be linked to your Twitter-account and published to other users. This also involves transferring data to Twitter. Please note that we as providers of the pages have no knowledge as to the contents of the submitted data or its use by Twitter. 
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Google+ and Twitter, see the privacy rules of Google+ and Twitter. These are available online at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy for Google+ and at https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en for Twitter. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by Google+ and Twitter.
Instagram
Our website has links to our Instagram page and uses social plugins provided by the social network of instagram.com. The sole responsibility for Instagram and its website lies with Instagram LLC, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (“Instagram”).
When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin of Instagram, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Instagram servers. Instagram directly transfers the plugin content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Instagram to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our website. Thus we have no influence on the data gathered by the plugin and inform you according to our state of knowledge:
The embedded plugins provide Instagram with the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into Instagram, your visit can be assigned to your Instagram account. If you interact with the plugins, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Instagram and stored by it. Even if you are not logged into Instagram, there is possibility that the plugins transmits your IP-address to Instagram.  
If you are an Instagram member and do not want Instagram to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by Instagram, please log off Instagram before entering our website.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Instagram, see Instagram’s own privacy rules. These are available online at https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by Instagram.
Snapchat
Our website has links to our Snapchat page and uses social plugins provided by the social network of Snapchat. The sole responsibility for Snapchat and its website lies with Snapchat, Inc., Attn: copyright Agent, 63 Market Street, Venice, CA 90291, USA (“Snapchat”). 
When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin of Snapchat, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Snapchat servers. Snapchat directly transfers the plugin content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Snapchat to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our website. Thus we have no influence on the data gathered by the plugin and inform you according to our state of knowledge:
The embedded plugins provide Snapchat with the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into Snapchat, your visit can be assigned to your Snapchat account. If you interact with the plugins, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Snapchat and stored by it. Even if you are not logged into Snapchat, there is possibility that the plugins transmits your IP-address to Snapchat.
  If you are a Snapchat member and do not want Snapchat to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by Snapchat, please log off Snapchat before entering our website.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Snapchat, see Snapchat’s own privacy rules. These are available online at https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy/. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by Snapchat.
YouTube
Our website has links to our YouTube page and uses social plugins provided by the social network of YouTube. The sole responsibility for YouTube and its website lies with YouTube LLC with its main office at 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube is represented by Google Inc. with its main office at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. 
When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin of YouTube, your browser establishes a direct connection to the YouTube servers. YouTube directly transfers the plugin content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling YouTube to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our website. Thus we have no influence on the data gathered by the plugin and inform you according to our state of knowledge:
The embedded plugins provide YouTube with the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into YouTube, your visit can be assigned to your YouTube account. If you interact with the plugins, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to YouTube and stored by it. Even if you are not logged into YouTube, there is possibility that the plugins transmits your IP-address to YouTube.
  If you are a YouTube member and do not want YouTube to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by YouTube, please log off YouTube before entering our website.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by YouTube, see YouTube’s own privacy rules. These are available online at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by YouTube.
Newsletter
You have the opportunity to receive a newsletter containing targeted information via our web service. In this case we must collect and save your email address, which we will only use to send the newsletter. You can unsubscribe via our website at anytime. At the end of the newsletter you will find a link intended for this purpose and provides a simple way to cancel the newsletter. In this case your data will be deleted.
Tracking Technologies
Cookies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by us and our advertising / marketing partners, affiliates, or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. geographic location) and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.  You can decide whether to accept cookies. By changing your browser settings (mostly found under “Options” or “Settings” in the browser menu), you have the choice of accepting all cookies, being informed about each cookie or refusing all To manage Flash cookies, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html cookies. 
If you choose not to accept cookies on our website, it is possible that the functionality of our website may be limited and some services may not be usable. 
Behavioral Targeting/Re-Targeting
We and our service providers, marketing partners, and affiliates may use advertising cookies to deliver ads that we believe are more relevant to you and your interests. For example, we may use targeting or advertising cookies to customize the advertising and content you receive on our site, to limit the number of times you see the same ad on our site and to help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. These cookies remember what you have looked at on the site and other sites, and may be combined with other information acquired from third parties, and we may share this information with other organizations, such as advertisers.
Please visit the links below to opt-out of cookies from over 50+ major third party behavioral advertising providers:
– Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ 
– European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ 
– Your Online Choices http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices 
– Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Please note that this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
You may at all times object  to the use of personal data for the abovementioned purposes by informal notification by written letter to Titelmedia GmbH, Ritterstraße 9, 10969 Berlin, Germany, or by e-mail to info@highsnobiety.com. 
Local Storage – HTML5
We may use Local Storage, such as HTML5 to store user preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity may also use HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
You may at all times object to the use of personal data for the abovementioned purposes by informal notification by written letter to Titelmedia GmbH, Ritterstraße 9, 10969 Berlin, Germany, or by e-mail to info@highsnobiety.com. 
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by us, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This information may include:
– Details of how you used our service, such as your navigation paths and search queries.  
– Mobile related information if you access our website using your mobile device.  
Internet protocol address.
– Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
– Cookies that may uniquely identify your browser, mobile device, or your account.
– Browser type, operating system, and other technical information.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve marketing, analytics, and the products and services we offer you.
You may at all times object to the use of personal data for the abovementioned purposes by informal notification by written letter to Titelmedia GmbH, Ritterstraße 9, 10969 Berlin, Germany, or by e-mail to info@highsnobiety.com.
Access and Choice
Where you have provided us with the appropriate permissions, or where we are legally entitled to do so, we will provide you with marketing materials by email. You can opt out of receiving these emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the marketing email
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. 
Information we share
We do not share personal information with companies, outside organizations and individuals unless one of the following circumstances apply:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have your consent to do so. By continuing to use our website and providing personal information through our website, you consent to us sharing your personal information with third parties for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. We may also seek your additional consent for purposes subsequently notified to you.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
For legal reasons
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We will share personal information with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law. 
In case of a sale or asset transfer
If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information, including personal information collected from you through your use of our services, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you and ask for your consent where applicable.
In anonymous form for business purposes
We may share anonymous, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners such as businesses which we have a relationship with, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
Frames
Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our site. Please be aware that you may be providing your personal information to these third parties and not to www.highsnobiety.com
Comments Section / Forum
Our website offers publicly accessible comments section or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. 
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Highsnobiety. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Information Security
We work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold however no website is entirely secure. You should protect the account information in your possession as well. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at info@highsnobiety.com.
Do Not Track
Our services do not respond to do not track signals. Each browser and device work differently and there is no consensus across the industry relating to these signals.
Third-Party Sites
 Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on this site. We also do not control the privacy policies and your privacy settings on third-party sites, including social networks.
You should be aware that when you leave our website, whether via a link on our website or otherwise, and enter a third party website, you do so subject to that website’s terms and conditions and privacy policy. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of these third party websites. We will not be held responsible for the practices or the content of such other websites or services and we exclude all liability for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of your use of the links on our website and/or your access of third party websites.
Children Under 16
Our website is not directed toward children under 16 and we will not knowingly collect information for any child under the age of 16.  
If you are the parent of a child under the age of 16 and have a concern regarding your child’s information on our website, please contact us at info@highsnobiety.com.
Your right to information and other rights of the persons affected
You have the right to access the data stored about you and information concerning its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing free of charge at any time. In addition, you have the right to rectify, delete or block your personal data (Section 35 of the German Federal Data Protection Act [BDSG]). 
In all such cases, please refer to us by written letter to Titelmedia GmbH, Ritterstraße 9, 10969 Berlin, Germany, or by e-mail to info@highsnobiety.com.
If you have any questions about data protection, please feel free to contact us at any time using the details given above.
Changes 
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.  These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
