PRIVACY POLICY
HDpiano.com is committed to protecting your privacy online. To further this commitment, we have adopted an Online Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store, and use the information collected about you online.
What information does HDpiano.com collect?
HDpiano may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary basis when you: register with us, or when you send questions or comments via e-mail to HDpiano.com. The requested information may include personal information such as your name and e-mail address.
If you are under the age of 13, you will need your parent or guardian’s consent before you can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities.
HDpiano’s Newsletters
In order to keep in touch with you, and where we have your consent, we’ll occasionally
use your name and e-mail address to contact you with product information, updates, and special offers.
E-mail
By allowing you to send e-mail to us, we are not attempting to collect any personal information about you. We will only use the personal information contained in your e-mail to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the e-mail. Although we may retain your e-mail for a period of time, we will not use any personal information contained in your e-mail for any purpose other than responding to your specific inquiry or comments. We will only collect information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives.
Opt Out
If you are receiving e-mails or regular mail and at a later date you choose to opt out and have your name removed from the e-mailing list, you can do so by emailing to info@hdpiano.com with the subject “REMOVE.”
Cookies
HDpiano.com may use cookies to improve the use of our websites. A “cookie” is a small file that websites often store on a user’s computer. Storage of cookies on your system provides an easy and convenient method for us to personalize your experience on our websites. For example, cookies allow us to remember your screen name, tell us that you have visited our website before, and may contain information that will make your next visit to our website more enjoyable and fast. However, we do not use cookies to store personal information such as your name. In addition, HDpiano.com does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. You can always disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
IP Addresses
HDpiano.com may also collect your IP address for safety and security purposes. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.
Who is collecting my personal information?
Any personal information that you disclose while visiting any of our websites is collected by HDpiano.com, and is used in the manner specified above. We don’t provide any of your personal information to third parties.
Whilst we will never disclose or share your data with others without your consent, we use third party processors to provide our services; these companies will process or store your information on our behalf.
We use the following third parties:

We use Stripe and PayPal to collect payments and manage transactions. For more information about Stripe or PayPal please read their privacy policy at https://stripe.com or https://paypal.com.
We use MailChimp to manage our mailing list. For more information about MailChimp please read their privacy policy at https://mailchimp.com.
We use HelpScout to manage customer support. For more information about HelpScout please read their privacy policy at https://helpscout.net.
We use WooCommerce to manage user subscriptions. For more information about WooCommerce please read their privacy policy at https://woocommerce.com.
We use FlyWheel to serve our website. For more information about FlyWheel please read their privacy policy at https://getflywheel.com.
We use HotJar to occasionally video capture user sessions on our domain. For more information about HotJar please read their privacy policy at https://hotjar.com.
We use Google Analytics to monitor website traffic. For more information about Google Analytics please read their privacy policy at https://analytics.google.com.
We use Wistia to host our videos. For more information about Wistia please read their privacy policy at https://wistia.com.
We use Friendbuy to manage our referral program. For more information about Friendbuy please read their privacy policy at https://friendbuy.com.

We ensure all processors acting on our behalf act in accordance with this privacy notice.
International Transfers
Your personal data may be processed in the USA by us or the third parties we use. Where these transfers take place, we will ensure the same high standard of protection for your personal data at all times.
Security & Safeguarding Measures
All personal data collected is transferred and stored securely, using industry standard encryption protocols, and approved transfer mechanisms. Please note however, that we cannot guarantee that the measures we maintain will guarantee the security of the information.
Your Rights
Under GDPR you have the right to access personal information that HDpiano.com processes about you.
You can request from us information about:

The personal data we hold about you
The categories of personal data concerned
The purposes of the processing
Details to whom your personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we retain your personal data
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source

You may also request from us the following:

That we update any incomplete or inaccurate data about you
Request that we delete your personal data in accordance with GDPR

You may request we action your rights by contacting us at HD PIANO LLC, 1930 Village Center Circle #3-3038 Las Vegas, NV 89134. Or by emailing us at info@HDpiano.com.
To ensure your data is protected, if we receive a request from you to exercise your rights, we will ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request.
