

COMPLAINT MANAGEMENT POLICY OF ABC TRANSPORT PLC

ABC TRANSPORT PLC views complaint as an opportunity to learn and improve on standard of operation. Therefore, the organization is committed to having an effective complaint management system which is a proven way of maintaining and building lasting relationship with client and shareholders on whom the organization depends.

DEFINITION OF COMPLAINT
	Complaint is any expression of dissatisfaction, whether justified or not, about and aspect of the operation of the company.

SCOPE OF THE POLICY:
	This policy shall fairly, impartially and objectively address the complaint arising out of issues in respect of the following:


		Complaints against the organization by clients and investors;

		Complaints against the organization by other operators;

		Complaints against regulators and Self-Regulatory Organizations;

		Complaints against operators by self-Regulatory organization and Regulator

		Complaint Trade manipulation, accounting frauds, Ponzi schemes


Note: This policy does not cover;


		Complaints from staff that are covered under the company’s hand book.

		Complaint against private wound up and liquidated companies

		Complaints on matters that are sub-judiced or in arbitration

		Complaint falling outside the purview of the Securities and Exchange Commission.


RECEIVING COMPLAINTS 
	A complaint may be received verbally, by phone, by email or in writing.
	Written complaint may be sent to ABC TRANSPORT PLC at KM 5 Umuoba Uratta, MCC Road, Owerri, Imo state. Or by e-mail at info@abctransport.com

	Verbal complaints may be made by phone to 0803900958 or in person to the Company Secretary or any of the Company’s directors.

	The complaint in whatever form it is given shall contain all material facts with supporting documents. It shall contain the following:


		Name. b) Full address, c) GSM number, d) E-mail address, e) Signature of complaint; and f) Date



	All complaints received shall be investigated fairly and possible conflicts of interest will be identified and mitigated. All complaint shall be resolved within ten days from the date the complaint was received and the competent authority shall be notified of its resolution. Where a complaint is not resolved within a specified time the organization or the compliant can refer the compliant to Securities and Exchange Commission.

	Complaint shall be registered in line with the relevant rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information on complaints and complaint-handing shall be provided to the relevant competent authority on a quarterly basis.

REGISTER OF COMPLAINT 
	The company shall maintain an electronic complaint register. This shall contain: name of complaint; date of complaint, nature of complaint, complaint details in brief and remarks/comment.

	The register shall be updated monthly and the status report of the complaint shall be forwarded to Nigerian Stock Exchange quarterly.

CONFIDENTIALITY
	All complaint information will be handled sensitively, telling only those who need to know and following all relevant data protection requirements.

RESPONSIBILITY 
	Overall responsibility for the policy, its implementation and monitoring its compliance shall lie with the senior management of ABC TRANSPORT PLC.

ENDORSEMENT
	This policy is adopted on the 18th day of July 2015

	This policy is endorsed by 
	The Managing Director/CEO



