
 1. ACCESS TO THE SITE 
Parsek's website is accessible at the following URL  www.parsek.com  (the Site).
By using this Site you are deemed to have accepted these Terms of Use without reserve.
Even though we try to keep the Site accessible at all times, we cannot guaranty you access in all circumstances. In fact, and in particular for reasons of maintenance, updating, or other reasons which are beyond our control, access to the Site may be interrupted.
 
 2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
The site and the elements that comprise it (such as marks, images, text, videos, etc.) are protected by intellectual property rights. The development of this Site represents a significant investment and work in common on the part of our teams. For this reason, except as expressly stipulated herein, we have not granted you any right other than that of consulting the Site for your strictly personal and private use. All use, reproduction or representation of the Site (in whole or in part) or of the elements which comprise it, on any media whatsoever, for other purposes, including, but not limited to, commercial purposes, is not authorized. On an exceptional basis, we may expressly authorize you to reproduce and/or represent all or part of the  Site, on certain media. Any request for authorization in this regard must be submitted in advance to the following e-mail address:  info@parsek.com  .
   
 3. USE OF THE SITE 
In the first place, we would like to remind you that use of the Site implies that you have available the necessary hardware and software resources for use of the Internet.
Furthermore, we would like to remind you that the Internet does not allow the guarantying of the security, availability and integrity of data transmissions, accordingly we cannot be held liable in the event of errors, omissions, deletions, delays, faults (including, but not limited to, by the actions of viruses), of the lines of communication, the hardware and the software which is not under our control or in the event of non-authorized use or possible degradation of the content published on this Site.
   
 4. PRIVACY 
At Parsek, we are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of information about our visitors. We take the following steps to safeguard online privacy of information:

Notifying customers when we are requesting information from them, including the type of information we are requesting and the purpose for which that information will be used.
Maintaining accurate records and providing access to personal, identifiable, and retainable information online.
Using secure system technology, physical and electronic, to safeguard the information regarding our customers.

Our Privacy Policy applies to all information we receive from our customers online. We collect information from our visitors or about our visitors in instances when a visitior initiates an online request for service. The specific information we collect from customers includes: name and email.
We may use the information, including email address, to send you service information and marketing material. (You may opt out of receiving such information by contacting Parsek and completing a written request to be removed from any such list.)
We do not disclose the personal identity information data you provide to us via our online software to any third party for any marketing purposes. We do not sell, trade, or distribute the information we collect from you to outside vendors or third parties unrelated to the services provided by Parsek.
 
 Use of Cookies 
Cookies are small text files sent by the website and stored in the web browser (device) to access a site. They are used to enable a better user experience. With cookies, a website "remembers" the time of your visit (session cookies) and your return to the site (persistent cookies). When the device returns to a website, the data stored in a cookie can be returned to our webpage. Cookies can be set by websites you visited (first party cookies) and by other websites/services which display the content of a webpage you visit (third party cookies) - e.g. Youtube, Facebook.
 
 Essential cookies: 
Some cookies are essential for the operation of a website. Such cookies enable the user to use a website without any disturbances. Without them, the website would not work properly.
 - Session cookie _JSESSIONID:  Created when the user opens a website, it enables the device to remember the user's activity while browsing the website. The cookie is deleted when the user closes the browser.
 - en.parsek.web.cookies:  Used to store the user's permission to use cookies for Google analysis. The cookie expires after 1 year.
 
 Performance cookies: 
Google Analytics cookies are used to improve user experience. They help us understand how our users use the website and decide on the functional and material adjustments in order to show as much useful content as possible.
Google analytics:
 - _ga:  Used to store the unique site visitor ID. It's used to differentiate users and track statistical dana.
You can change your settings in the cookie usage settings at any time below.
Our Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Please check this site often to ensure you are accessing the most current version of the policy.
 

