Privacy Policy
 
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains what personal data Parsek GmbH, (»Parsek«) and its subsidiaries, (collectively the »Parsek Group« or »we« or »us« or »our«) collects from you, through your interactions with  www.parsek.com  (the site).
User access is provided by   Parsek GmbH   (  "We"   or   "Parsek Group"  or  »us«  ), a company registered in Austria with VAT number  ATU72030535  with registered offices at Bauernmarkt 24, Top 31-32 1010 Vienna.
You do not have to provide the any information requested on the site, but if you choose not to provide it, we may be unable to process your request. Your decision not to provide this information will have no effect on any other benefits to which you may be entitled.
Personal information is the information that identifies you as an individual: your first name, last name, e-mail address or home address. By entering any personal information into forms on the site, you agree that this personal data can be used to send you news, information about new products and functionalities or used in marketing and sales campaigns.
Parsek recognizes the importance you place on privacy protection on the Internet.  We make every effort to protect that privacy and to keep your personal information private and secure when using the application. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties outside the site without your consent, except to facilitate the transaction, to act on your behalf at your request, or as authorized by law.
Personal Data That We Collect
 
General Uses 
Certain administrative information, such as your full name, date of birth, gender, email address and postal code may be collected to provide you with some additional content on the site and is subject to the ePrivacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC), General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and national legislation of the Republic of Slovenia (Personal Data Protection Act (ZVOP-1), Electronic Commerce Market Act (ZEPT), etc.). We aim to collect as minimal information about the end user as possible. If we ask for personal data that is not strictly needed to use our application we ask for your explicit consent before collecting it. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without the need for any explanation and further burden.
Under many privacy laws, you have the right to request access to your personal data. When your personal data are incorrect, incomplete or not processed in compliance with applicable law or the Parsek Privacy Rules, you have the right to have this data rectified, deleted or blocked.
 
Site visit tracking
Like most web sites, the site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use it and to see their journey through the features it offers. Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer's IP address which could be used to personally, identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third-party data processor. GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides.
 
How We Use Personal Data
Our Privacy Policy applies to all information we receive from our users online. We collect information from our users or about our users in instances when a user initiates an online request for service.
Here are ways we may use or your personal data:

website administration purposes
fulfilling obligations according to the valid contracts
general communication with users
direct marketing (newsletters and company news)

We do not disclose the personal identity information data you provide to us via our online software to any third party for any marketing purposes. We do not sell, trade, or distribute the information we collect from you to outside vendors or third parties unrelated to the services provided by Parsek.
 
Security of Personal Data
Only authorized persons in the conduct of official business may use your personal information contained in the site. Any unauthorized disclosure or misuse of your personal information may result in criminal and/or civil penalties.
For site management, information is collected for statistical and management purposes. The site running environment uses software programs to create anonymous, summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing what information and services are the most and least useful to users, what are the performance metrics of the services and if there any erroneous operations. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we use software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable.
 
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We do not share your personal data with external bodies. We may disclose your personal information if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request.
 
How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
You can at any time contact us for inquiring about what data we collected about you and to ask us to safeguard all your Privacy requirements as required by the General Data Protection Regulation. We have a dedicated email address for this purposes:  privacy@parsek.com  .
 
Where We Store and Process Personal Data
The data that we collect from you and data you submit when registering to use the site will be stored at a secure data center which is located within the European Union.
All data will be encrypted (using industry standard methods) when being transferred from your device to the data center. No data is stored locally on your device.
Your personal data is protected against loss, reproduction, destruction, manipulation and non-authorized access using highest industry technological and ethics standards.
 
Contacting Us
If there are any question regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the dedicated Privacy Questions email- Please do not hesitate and send us your question to  privacy@parsek.com  .
 
Use of Cookies
 
Cookies are small text files sent by the website and stored in the web browser (device) to access a site. They are used to enable a better user experience. With cookies, a website "remembers" the time of your visit (session cookies) and your return to the site (persistent cookies). When the device returns to a website, the data stored in a cookie can be returned to our webpage. Cookies can be set by websites you visited (first party cookies) and by other websites/services which display the content of a webpage you visit (third party cookies) - e.g. Youtube, Facebook.
Essential cookies:
Some cookies are essential for the operation of a website. Such cookies enable the user to use a website without any disturbances. Without them, the website would not work properly.
 - Session cookie  _JSESSIONID: Created when the user opens a website, it enables the device to remember the user's activity while browsing the website. The cookie is deleted when the user closes the browser.
-  en.parsek.web.cookies:  Used to store the user's permission to use cookies for Google analysis. The cookie expires after 1 year.
Performance cookies:
Google Analytics cookies are used to improve user experience. They help us understand how our users use the website and decide on the functional and material adjustments in order to show as much useful content as possible.
 Google analytics: 
- _ga: Used to store the unique site visitor ID. It's used to differentiate users and track statistical data.
 
You can change your settings in the cookie usage settings at any time below.
 
Our Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Please check this site often to ensure you are accessing the most current version of the policy.
