Last Updated: December 20th, 2016
Protecting Your Privacy
Reebok America, Inc. ("Reebok" or "we", "us", or "our") is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") applies to all of the channels by which Reebok collects, uses and/or shares your information, including online channels (e.g., Reebok websites and mobile applications, collectively referred to as the "Website") and offline channels (e.g., in-store transactions).
This Policy describes the information we collect and how we use it. Your continued use of our products and services, as well as your use of this Website, constitutes your consent to the terms of this Policy and any updates. This Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use or this Policy, please do not use the Website.
 

What Information Do We Collect and Store?
Except as disclosed below, we don’t sell, trade, give away, or rent your personal information to any third party outside of Reebok. One of the basic principles we've tried to follow is to limit the information we collect from and share about you.
 

This section describes how we may collect information through both online and offline channels.
 

Personal Information
In general, you can use and visit our Website without submitting any personal information; however, in order to utilize and access specific features, you will be asked to submit your personal information. Personal information may include, but is not limited to, your full name, birth date, email, physical address, telephone number, and gender. In addition, you may be asked to allow us to automatically access personal information such as your social media information, and, if you are accessing the Website from a mobile device, your device’s geolocation information.
We collect and store personal information that you provide to our Website or our Customer Service Department. For example, when you open an account or place an order, we may collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: your full name, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, and credit card number and expiration date. We may use this information to register your account, to process your payments, and to send you periodic updates or promotional or marketing materials by mail or email. We collect your email address and zip code if you subscribe to our newsletter, and we collect your mobile number if you opt-in to receive text messages.
In certain areas of the Website, you may be asked to provide personal information in connection with registration for community postings (i.e., chat or bulletin boards), suggestions, employment applications, or customer service requests, among others. When we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to our Website, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed, if it is different than as described in this Policy.
In addition to information collected online, we may also collect and use information that you provide to us offline (e.g., in-store). Reebok will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding the collection and use of personal information collected offline.
 

Non-Personal Usage Information
We may also gather certain non-personally identifiable information about your use of our Website ("Usage Information"). Generally, this information is collected through "traffic data." We collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with our Website. For example, we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit our Website. We also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information is used to analyze and improve our Website, provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience, and personalize the Website, our communications with you, and your shopping experience.
How Do We Use Cookies, Advertising, and Online Tracking?
Like many websites, we use "cookies" – files stored on your computer’s hard drive by your browser to identify account holders and to optimize their shopping experience. Cookies also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves this Website without checking out and send you reminder email about your shopping orders and other shopping opportunities. We recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" so that we can offer you a better shopping experience. You may occasionally get cookies from companies advertising on our behalf to tailor advertisements shown to you for goods and services. We do not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to our Website. Most browsers have options that allow you to choose which cookies may be placed on your device, alert you when cookies are being sent, and to delete or disable cookies. Please note though that setting a browser to reject cookies may limit your experience on the Website.
We use Google Analytics and Google AdWords, among other analytics tools, on the Website to collect Usage Information, to analyze how users use the Website and to provide advertisements to you on other websites. For more information about how to opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Under California law, website operators are required to disclose how they respond to web browser "Do Not Track" signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third party websites, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. At this time, we do not track our users’ personal information over time and across third-party websites, but several of our service providers who utilize cookies and other tracking technologies on our Website enable you to opt out of this type of advertising. For more information about third party cookies, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, click here.
This law also requires website operators to disclose whether third parties may collect personally identifiable information about their users’ online activities over time and across different sites when the users use the operator’s website. We do not knowingly permit third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual user’s online activities over time and across different websites when using our Website.
 

How Do We Use Your Information?
We may use your personal information to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to provide customer service, to send you direct mail marketing communications (e.g., a catalog), to provide other services to you, and to personalize the Website, our communications with you, and your shopping experience. Your information also may be used to contact you about sales, new products, new site features, special offers, and personalized offers based on your location, unless you have opted to not receive promotional communications. The information we collect may be combined with information obtained from departments within Reebok. We may also combine your offline purchase history data with personal information we collect online so that we may effectively market our products and services to you. Aggregating data allows Reebok to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide you with product recommendations and special offers.
We use non-personally identifiable Usage Information to help us determine how people use parts of the Website and who our visitors are. This allows us to improve our Website and ensure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many people as possible. We also use Usage Information to provide statistical "ratings" information in aggregated form to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the Website. We may combine Usage Information about you with other information, including personal information, about you in order to personalize the Website and our communications with you and to provide you with information likely to be of interest to you.
How Do We Share Your Information?
Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your personal information outside of Reebok without your consent. We may, however, share the personal information we collect about you in limited circumstances, including:
With third-party service providers. For example, we may share your information with third party service providers for purposes including, without limitation, payment and order processing; market research; fraud protection; data analysis; email management; and stocking and shipping services. These service providers have access only to such personal information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of your information.With other partners. In connection with the distribution of our marketing materials, we may rent, exchange, share with cooperative databases or other partners and/or cross-reference certain information, including customer names, mailing addresses and purchase history information, to our select partners that will enable them to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of having your personal information incorporated into these cooperative databases or shared with these other partners by clicking here.With law enforcement agencies, governmental officials or other third parties as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or property and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served.If we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to protect the personal safety of Reebok employees, customers or the public, and to enforce our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.With other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity or in connection with a partial or total sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.When you otherwise consent or direct us to share your information with third parties.
We may also allow advertisers, advertising networks, and behavioral targeting companies to collect non-personally identifiable Usage Information that may track your use of our Website, track the number of ads displayed, measure ad performance, and display ads targeted specifically to you. You can manage the use of such information for those purposes by clicking here.
 

What Steps Are Taken to Help Secure Personal Information?
An athlete can’t play without confidence, and you shouldn’t order from a company that doesn’t follow secure data practices. Our goal is to deliver performance to you in every way. That includes security. We use reasonable security procedures to protect your information. However, no data over the Internet is guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of your information and you understand that any information that you transfer or transmit to us is done at your own risk. Personal information collected at our Website is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. Only those employees and service providers who need access to personal information in order to do their jobs are allowed access, each having confidentiality obligations. To protect the security of your information during transmission, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. For example, when using a credit card to make an online purchase, your personal information is encrypted before you conduct your transaction. Most browsers will give a visual indication of when your connection is secure; for example, Internet Explorer will show a padlock icon in the lower right of the browser window.
If you place an order through our Website, you may have the option to set up an account and provide an email address and password. In order to help protect your personal information, you should be careful about providing your password to others. If you wish to cancel your account, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your password, please contact Customer Service immediately. Please refer to the last section of this Policy ("How to Contact Us") for contact information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13. We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 18 obtain their parent’s or guardian’s permission before submitting information over the Internet. By using the Website, you are representing that you are at least 18 years old or that you are at least 13 years old and have permission. If you believe that your child under the age of 13 or between the ages of 13 and 18 without permission has provided his or her personal information to us, please notify Reebok immediately by clicking here.
Links to Third Party Websites
Our Website may contain links to other third party websites. Our Policy does not apply to the practices of other websites and Reebok is not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our Website and to read the privacy policies of each website that you visit.
 

Can Reebok Use Information That I Share in Public Areas, Chat Rooms and Newsgroups?
Please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as message boards or feedback sections, becomes public. Our Policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public. Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any personal information that you expect to keep private.
If you post information about yourself or others, or communicate with others using our Website, please note that we cannot control who reads your postings or what they do with the information you provide. We encourage you to use caution in posting personal information to the Website.
 

How Do I Opt-Out of Receiving Promotions?
We provide you with opportunities to opt-out of receiving our promotional communications and newsletters. For example, you may opt-out from receiving promotional emails and newsletters by following the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.

We provide you with opportunities to opt-out of receiving our promotional communications and newsletters. For example, you may opt-out from receiving promotional emails and newsletters by following the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.To opt-out of receiving promotional mailings, you may call our Customer Service line at 1-866-870-1743 or click here.
If you opt-in to receive promotional text messages on a cell phone, you have the opportunity to similarly opt-out by texting "Cancel" to "REEBOK." Your carrier’s standard message and data rates may apply.
How Does This Policy Apply to European Union And Swiss Residents?
If you choose to provide Reebok with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States. The information collected by Reebok is subject to U.S. state and federal law. If you are accessing our Website from other jurisdictions, please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to us in the United States where data protection and privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws of your country. By using our website, you consent to the transfer and use of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
 

Access to Information
You may be entitled to access personal information held about you, subject to certain exemptions in accordance with the applicable data protection law. Any access request may be subject to a fee. You may exercise the right at any time by contacting us at the address below and including "personal information request" in the subject line.
What is the Secure Shopping Guarantee?
We use the industry standard encryption protocol known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to keep your order information secure. We’ve established a Secure Shopping Guarantee for every transaction that you make with the Website. Should any unauthorized charges appear on your credit card as a result of shopping on the Website, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. If you have more questions regarding our policy, you can call one of our Customer Service representatives at the information listed at the end of the Policy.
 

Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
Massachusetts state law governs the interpretation of this Policy and applies to claims for breach of them regardless of conflict of laws principles. Both parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Both parties waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens.
 

Changes to This Policy
We will update this Policy as needed to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the Policy. If there are material changes to this Policy or in how Reebok will use your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to remain informed of how Reebok is protecting your information.
 

How to Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about our privacy practices or for Customer Service, please contact us by clicking here or calling us toll-free at 1-866-870-1743.
