
 COOKIE NOTICE
This Notice is issued by ANAM Technologies Ltd. (“ANAM Technologies Ltd.”, “we”, “us” and “our”).
Websites to which this Notice applies
This Notice applies to the following websites that are operated or controlled by ANAM Technologies Ltd.:
 
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer or other device when you visit a website. They are generally used to make websites work, to keep track of your movements within the website, to remember your login details, and so on.
There are different types of cookies, and they can be distinguished on the basis of their origin, function and lifespan. Important characteristics of cookies include the following:
 

First party cookies are cookies that are placed by the website you are visiting, while third party cookies are placed by a website other than the one you are visiting. Please note that we do not control the collection or further use of data by third parties.
Necessary cookies are necessary to allow the technical operation of a website (e.g., they enable you to move around on a website and to use its features).
Performance cookies collect data on the performance of a website such as the number of visitors, the time spent on the website and error messages.
Functionality cookies increase the usability of a website by remembering your choices (e.g. language, region, login, and so on).
Targeting/advertising cookies enable a website to send you personalised advertising.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are erased once you close your browser while persistent or permanent cookies stay on your device until you manually delete them or until your browser deletes them based on the duration period specified in the persistent cookie file.

More information on all aspects of cookies can be found on www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that ANAM Technologies Ltd. has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, this third party website.
 
Why do we use cookies?
We may use cookies to:

distinguish between visitors;
improve the use and the functionality of our website;
tailor our website and products to your needs and preferences;
process your purchase orders; and
analyse how our website is used and compile anonymous and aggregate statistics.

We do not use the collected information to create visitor profiles.
 
What types of cookies do we use?
An overview of the cookies used on this website is set out in the following table.



Name
First Party or Third Party?
Duration
Purpose
Types of data collected


wordpress
First Party
Session
Functionality (session controller for active user0
Browser session


wordfence
First Party
Session
Security (determines malevolent activity from bots)
Browser and IP address.


_ga
Third party (Google Analytics)
2 years
Functionality (site analytics)
Visitor ID data used to distinguish visitors.


_gid
Third party (Google Analytics)
24 hours
Functionality (site analytics)
Visitor ID data used to distinguish visitors.


_gat
Third party (Google Analytics)
1 minute
Functionality (limiting request rate)
Visitor ID data used to limit request rate, to minimise bandwidth impact.


has_js
Third party (Google Analytics)
Session
Functionality (site analytics)
Visitor ID data used to distinguish visitors.










 
Please note that the processing of your personal data in connection with cookies, and for other purposes, is governed by our Privacy Policy
In addition, we may also use web beacons (or clear GIFs) and other similar technologies in addition to, or in combination with, cookies. A web beacon is typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed on a website or in an email and it helps us to understand the behaviour of visitors of our website. More information on web beacons can be found at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/faqs/beacons.html. Please note that ANAM Technologies Ltd. has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, this third party website.
How can you control cookies and web beacons?
Most internet browsers are set to automatically accept cookies. Depending on your browser, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, or you can set it to refuse them. Please refer to the ‘help’ button (or similar) on your browser to learn more about how you can do this.
Disabling cookies may impact your experience on our websites.
If you use different devices to access our websites, you will need to ensure that each browser of each device is set to your cookie preference.
More information on how to manage cookies is available from: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. Please note that ANAM Technologies Ltd. has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, this third party website.
In addition, you may opt-out from cookies by visiting the following sites and selecting which company cookies you would like to opt-out from: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/#completed and http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. Please note that ANAM Technologies Ltd. has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, these third party websites.
Last updated: 17th May 2018


