
Privacy Policy
The Omniplex Cinema Group highly values the privacy of our customers. This policy is intended to explain to you how we use any information that you may provide to us when visiting our website.
When purchasing tickets online a customer is asked for the following information: 

Name
Phone Number 
Email Address
Credit card details

If you choose to withhold any personal data requested it will not be possible to complete a transaction on our website.
The primary purpose of collecting your email address is so we can email your movie tickets directly to you. Your email and phone number are also collected for the purpose of notification if changes to schedule were to occur or if there was some other problem with your booking. Omniplex use a third-party payment service to process online transactions. We do not store full card details. Information collected through booking and registration will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose without your express consent. This information is automatically deleted once the information is no longer necessary. 
Access to information
You have the right to request access to the information Omniplex Cinema Group have on you. To do so please follow the link to our contact us page here In order to comply with your request, we will ask you to verify your identity. We will make sure to provide you with a copy of the data we process about you within 30 days of verifying your identity. For any subsequent requests we may charge you an administration fee.
Information Correction and deletion
If you believe the information we have about you is incorrect, you are welcome to contact us to update it and keep your data accurate. Any data that is no longer needed for the purposes specified will be deleted. If at any point you wish to delete any information about you please contact us.
Security of Personal and Payment Information
Omniplex Cinema Group follow strict security procedures (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access or loss. 
Omniplex Cinema Group maintains the following controls to protect the security of information you provide us, including credit or debit card and address details:
Use of secure server using SSL technology to verify credit or debit card details
Security controls to restrict access to databases housing personally identifying information
Cookies Policy
What are cookies?
A Cookie is a small file stored in your browser or on your hard drive. Cookies enable us to distinguish user from each in order to improve the experience for the user. We also use cookies to make the content on our site more relevant to the user on subsequent visits such as remembering which location you last visited.
Omniplex and companies we employ to assist us use cookies in several ways such as:

Authenticating you and identifying you on our website
Remembering your preferences or where you left off on your last use of the site
Measuring your use of the Omniplex websites so that we can improve them, tailor our website to your likely interests, and conduct market research.
To analyse our website performance including most popular webpages, click-through rates, campaign conversion rates & customer journeys on the website
While the majority of ads on our website are delivered directly from Omniplex, we may from time to time deliver relevant ads from third parties (including advertisers, ad networks & advertising agencies). The cookie they use allow us to deliver advertising that's more relevant to you and feedback on the effectiveness of the campaign.

This data collected from Cookies allows us to make changes and optimise our website performance to make the best possible experience for you.
Different types of cookies:
Necessary
Strictly Necessary cookies let you move around the website and use essential features like our online ticket booking service. Without these cookies, services that you have asked for, like booking tickets, cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet.
Functional
Functionality cookies are used to provide services or to remember settings to improve your visit. They help us provide enhanced and more personal features. For example, we use a functionality cookie to remember which cinema you last visited.
Performance
We collect information about how you use our web site using performance cookies. These cookies do not collect any information that could identify you - all the information collected is anonymous and is only used to help us improve how our website works and to understand what interests our users.
Targeting
We use targeting cookies to send third parties information on your visit so that they can make our marketing more relevant to you when you visit our websites. 
MyOmniplex
Information we may collect from you
If you wish to register for the MyOmniplex service, we will ask you to complete the registration process to create your own MyOmniplex account. As part of this process, we need your name and e-mail address and we may ask you for other Information such as your age group, address, phone number, favourite types of movie and favourite or local cinema.
You can update and amend the Information we hold about you, including your marketing preferences, at any time through your MyOmniplex account.
How we use this Information:
Some of the benefits of signing up to MyOmniplex is that you can avail of a 10% discount on standard screenings, choose to be kept up to date with our latest offers and promotions, weekly film times and upcoming events. The MyOmniplex 10% discount applies to all regular movie screenings, MAXX tickets and VIP seating (where available) when booked on line through your MyOmniplex account.
Special events, one off screenings, live events, and Tuesday Treats ' prices are not included in the MyOmniplex 10% discount. Examples of special events not included are live concerts, the ballet, opera, any double or triple bill screenings where a special price has been applied (note they generally already include discounts.)
If you've given us your consent, we will also send you email marketing communications about other offers, products and services which we think may be of interest to you. We'll use your Information to provide relevant marketing communications to you. You will have an option on every communication to opt out of further communications. You can also amend your preferences once logged in to your MyOmniplex account.
Generally, we will only use your information within Omniplex Cinema Group. However, we use third parties to process your information on our behalf. Omniplex Cinema Group requires these third parties to comply strictly with our instructions and they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way.
Amendments
Omniplex Cinema Group reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this privacy statement at any time, and you should regularly check this privacy statement for any amendments.
Contact us about privacy
We welcome any feedback on any privacy concern that you may have. We will use very effort to comply with this privacy policy and take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with our privacy policy. Omniplex Cinema Group shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this privacy policy. Omniplex Cinema Group may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Omniplex Cinema Group or (b) protect and defend the rights and property of Omniplex Cinema Group and its products This privacy policy shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
To Contact us simply send your details on our contact us page.

