
Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
The information, software, products, and services published on this website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. We update and/or change the information provided on www.RvontheGo.com site and our CampUSA app from time to time. Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. ("ELS") and/or its affiliates and suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information, products, software and services contained on this website. Information contained on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. ELS and/or its respective affiliates and suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties with regard to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall ELS and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of this website or with any delay in using or inability to use this website, or for any information, software, products, or services obtained through this Web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of this website, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if ELS or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. Reservations based on inaccurate information are subject to cancellation at our discretion.

Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. (hereinafter the "Company" or "we", "us" or "our") is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you access our various web sites, e-mails, social media or mobile applications (hereinafter "our sites").  This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
This policy will let you know:

What personally identifiable information is collected from you;
What cookies are and how they are used;
Who is collecting your information?
How your information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information;
How we protect children's privacy;
Our policy for the use of images;
What you should know before uploading your own content

 

1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you?
We collect information about you and from you in various different ways when you interact with our sites. As one example, some personal information is collected when you register on our sites, at which time we may ask you for your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, and other information that we find helpful in order to provide our customers with the very best service we can.
In addition to registration we may ask you for personal information at other times, including (but not limited to) when you make a reservation or take advantage of the other features of the site.  For example, if you pay for a reservation with a credit card, we would collect the account number in order to process the payment.  If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
 

2. What cookies are and how they are used?
As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, our sites may use†cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Several features of our sites require that you accept cookies in order to work properly. We often use cookies to store visitors' preferences and record session information.
We use cookies in order to optimize our marketing efforts as well as those of other third parties, with regard to advertising.  These cookies are shared with third parties such as advertising and social media networks, or other companies, in order for these entities to be able to yield more efficient use of available advertising inventory.  For these purposes, the cookies are usually placed by the advertising networks and other media properties we work with.  This functionality enables these entities to remember that you have visited our sites, and this information is then shared with third parties such as advertisers and data processing and targeting companies.
Cookies are also placed by other third parties, such as companies that track, measure and analyze various aspects of our web site activity in order to help us customize and improve the web site experience for visitors to our sites, and to provide other third parties with information about visitors to our sites to help optimize their marketing efforts.
You have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use those services of our sites that require registration in order to participate. These services include auto-fill in of the logon form, the ability to book reservations, and potentially other features of our sites. However, you can still use other features of our sites even if you do not accept cookies.  Our sites may also collect†IP addresses†which can be used to correlate a cookie with your specific computer or device.
Please also note that you can opt out of our advertising service provider(s) and other companies' tracking cookies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance located at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the Network Advertising Initiative located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
 

3. Who is collecting your information?
When you are asked for personal information on our sites, you are sharing that information with Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. and its affiliates, unless it is specifically stated otherwise.
We also work with third-party companies that use their tracking technologies (including cookies and pixel tags) on our websites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications. For more information about this practice and to understand your options including how to opt out of receiving these tailored advertisements, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (NAI’s) consumer opt-out page, currently located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.


4. How your information is used?
The primary goal of our sites in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized and optimized experience and to assist you in communications and completing transactions with us.
From time to time, we may allow third party advertising networks to collect and use your information to show you targeted ads (including our ads) on our sites or on other sites. This typically involves the ad network collecting and tracking certain technical information (such as your IP address) and web site usage information (such as your browsing history) on our sites and across many other sites on the web. However, this does NOT involve the collection, use, or sharing of your personal contact information, such as your name or email address. You can opt-out from this type of third party tracking at any time by going to: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
With respect to security, when we receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.  We have reasonable security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you on our site.
 

5. With whom your information may be shared?
As a general rule, we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except as set forth below.
We may share information about you within the Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. family of companies in order to better serve you and to offer you worthwhile products and services. We are permitted by law to share with our affiliates identification information, such as your name and address, and facts about your transactions and experiences with us (such as your payment history and other transactions on your accounts with us). Unless you otherwise request, we may also share all of the other information we collect with our affiliates. You may request that we not share this other information with our affiliates by following the procedure explained in ìWhat choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your informationî below. We will implement your request within a reasonable time after we receive it.
We may share your information (including personal contact information about you) as set forth below.

With agents and contractors who help us run our sites or perform other services on our behalf (e.g., e-mail delivery, mailing list management, analysis, optimization services, etc.). These companies are only allowed to access and use your information for the specific task they've been hired to do and are required to keep your information confidential and secure.
For legal-related purposes (if necessary), including disclosures in connection with a lawsuit or legal investigation, court order, governmental inquiry, enforcement of legal rights (e.g., contract terms, intellectual property rights, etc.), fraud investigation, safety issue, or other similar matter.

We are permitted by law to share all the information we collect, as described above: (1) with companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, and (2) with other nonaffiliated third parties such as third parties that assist us with processing or collecting payments on your account. Please be advised that the preferences you express as described below will not apply to the sharing of information with these third parties.
Unless you request otherwise, we may share all the information we collect, as described above, with additional types of nonaffiliated third parties, such as firms that offer products and services of interest to our customers. In connection therewith:
(a) If you supply us with your e-mail address, you may receive periodic e-mails from us regarding products or services or upcoming events we think you might find interesting. In addition, from time to time, we make our e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting.
(b) If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information regarding products or services or upcoming events we think you might find interesting. In addition, from time to time, we make our customer mailing list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting.
(c) If you supply us with your telephone number, you may receive telephone contact from us with information on new products or services or upcoming events we think you might find interesting.
If you do not wish to receive such emails, mailings or telephone calls, you may request that we not share nonpublic personal information about you with nonaffiliated third parties by following the procedure explained in ìWhat choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your informationî below. We will implement your request within a reasonable time after we receive it.
We may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms and Conditions or Access Agreement of our sites or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, users of our sites, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.
 

6. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information?
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of our sites, but you will not be able to access areas or use features that require registration.
You may also tell us your preferences by:

Sending an email to .
Calling us toll free at 877-570-2267.
Writing us at Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc., Two North Riverside Plaza, Suite 800, Chicago, IL 60606, Attn: Privacy

When you contact us, please be prepared to provide the following information for each individual:

First name, middle initial and last name
Address, city, state and ZIP code
Telephone number (if applicable)
E-mail address (if applicable)

 

7. How we protect children's privacy
Our sites are general audience sites. Children should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. We do not intentionally collect or share personal information about users under the age of 13.  In addition, we will not send any direct email offers to users who indicate they are under the age of 13.
 

8. Our policy for the use of images
All images and/or pictures of properties featured on our sites are our property, and any unauthorized reproduction, appropriation, or distribution of the aforementioned images and/or pictures is prohibited.
 

9. What you should know before uploading your own content
If you upload your own content to our sites or via social media, such as comments, reviews, photos, or videos of your stay at one of our properties, you should note that this content will be accessible by the public at large, and not just by us.  Therefore, you should never upload any content that you do not want others to have access to.  Itís also important that you only upload content that is not identifiable to you personally, such as your email or postal addresses, phone number, names of your children, etc.  You should not upload photos of videos that include people that you do not know and/or have their permission to use.

