

Privacy 

This Privacy Policy sets out the data processing practices carried out through the use of the Internet and any other electronic communications networks by the English Heritage Trust. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact us at customers@english-heritage.org.uk.  Please note that all data thus captured will be used and held in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. 

 Information CollectedWe collect information from visitors to this website through the use of online forms, our e-commerce pages and where members' register for our Members' Area. 


We also collect your details when you email us with an enquiry. 


In addition to the above, we collect information automatically about your visit to our website. Please see our Cookies Section for more details. 

 Use of Personal InformationWe process personal information collected via this website for the purposes of: 

 Providing information about products and servicesProviding and personalising our servicesDealing with your enquiries and requestsAdministering orders and accounts relating to our suppliers or customersAdministering membership recordsFundraisingProviding reservation or booking servicesConducting market research 

 MarketingPlease note that your information may be used to send you details of those products or services that we offer that we have identified as likely to be of interest to you.  This will be in accordance with the preferences that you indicated when you provided your personal data to us.If at any point you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from us, or would like to change the channels (such as email or post) that we use to contact you, please contact us at customers@english-heritage.org.uk. You can also opt out of email communications using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email we send you. 

 DisclosuresWe will only disclose data when obliged to disclose personal data by law, or the disclosure is 'necessary' for purposes of national security, taxation and criminal investigation, or we have your consent, and to the following: 

 Suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf as part of fulfilment of customer orders and purchases, or English Heritage Trust communications. Where a supplier is required to provide fulfilment services the relationship will be managed via a Data Processing Agreement and processed in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998.

 Other WebsitesOur website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.  If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.

 Subject Access RequestsYou have the right to see what personal data we hold about you.  To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us at customers@english-heritage.org.uk.Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of up to £10 for any such request. 

 Internet-based TransfersGiven that the Internet is a global environment, using it to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis.  This means for instance that data you pass to us may be processed outside the European Economic Area, although the data will always be held securely and in line with the requirements of UK data protection legislation.  By communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way. 

 Amendments 


Please note that this privacy policy is subject to change from time to time. It was last updated in September 2016. 


  


