

Our Privacy Promise

We are committed to protecting the privacy of our supporters. We take your privacy seriously and treat all the information you give us with great care. 


We value and respect all the people whose support helps us to care for over  400 historic sites across the country and to keep the story of England alive for future generations. 


Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store and use the personal information you give to us. If you have any questions concerning your personal data and how we look after it then please contact us at customers@english-heritage.org.uk. Alternatively if you would like to update how you would like to hear from us please use our form. 


As a data controller we fully comply with the Data Protection Act 1998, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and other relevant legislation. We are recorded on the ICO Data Protection Register under registration number ZA111846. 


English Heritage Trust1 Waterhouse Square138-142 HolbornLondonEC1N 2STRegistered Charity 1140351 


WE PROMISE 

 To be clear about why we need to collect your personal information and what we are going to use it forTo make it easy for you to tell us how you would like us to keep in touchTo only collect the information we need to make sure we deliver the best serviceTo never sell or share your personal information, or let other organisations use it for marketingTo take good care of your personal information, and make sure it is up to date, safe and secure at all timesTo make sure that any suppliers or partners who carry out work on our behalf meet the same high standards that we adhere to when handling your personal information


POLICY OVERVIEW


We collect personal information from our supporters who use our website; from visitors to our historic sites; supporters who apply to become Members, make a purchase or donation and from those who get in touch with us directly. We do this both electronically and in paper format. 


In addition we also collect details automatically about the pages you visit on our website. Please see our Cookies policy below for more information. 


In choosing to share your personal information with us, you will be agreeing to our collection and use of your information as described in this policy. 


If you no longer want us to process your personal details you can ask us to stop at any time by contacting customers@english-heritage.org.uk. 


We use the information you share with us to: 

 Make sure you receive the product, service or information you have requested or boughtCarry out reasonable administration of your membership, donations, bookings, volunteering and other servicesTo keep in touch with you in the way that you want us toTo better understand our supporters so that we can personalise and improve the services we offer


For details of how we do this please see the full policy below. 


We will need to make changes to this policy from time to time, to make sure that we are always providing you the latest information about what is happening to your personal information.  


This policy was last updated on 31/03/2017. 


WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW? 


We collect personal information about you that helps us to deliver and improve our services. This includes: 

 Name and addressEmail address and telephone numbersDate of birthPayment information such as credit card and bank detailsHow you would like to hear from usEnglish Heritage historic sites you have visitedDetails of purchases, membership, Gift Aid Declarations, donations and gifts in your willDetails of job applications and your volunteering activityEnquiries and feedbackInteraction with our social media pages


Under our membership scheme we also ask for details of your children who you would like to include on the membership. We use this information to better understand how to provide the best service to your family in terms of offers and events, and we will not contact your children directly. 


If you have provided details for someone else, for example by buying a gift for them, we will not contact that person until they have been given the opportunity to let us know their communication preferences. 


If you have contacted us on behalf of an organisation, for example making an Educational Booking or a Travel Trade enquiry, we will also store details of your employer. 


When visiting our website we also collect information about your IP address and the pages you visit. This helps us to understand which areas of our website are most useful to our supporters and make improvements. This does not tell us who you are and where you live until you choose to provide us with that information.  Please see our Cookies policy below for more information. 


WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?  

PROCESSING


We will make sure that you receive the product or service you have requested, process any payments and send you information relating to that service. 


If you have joined as a Member this will include sending you confirmation of your purchase and membership materials such as membership cards, information on how to use your membership, regular magazines, handbook and email newsletters. We will also send you information about membership renewal and information relating to your Direct Debit payments. 


If you have made a donation, this will include thanking you for your support and letting you know how your contribution has helped us. 


We will also do our best to keep your information up to date. This includes monitoring returned mail to let us know if you no longer live at the address we hold for you. We also use information from the Post Office's National Change of Address database, the telephone preference service, the mailing preference service, the Bereavement Register and other similar suppression lists to make sure we do not send communications to the wrong place or person. 


Please do let us know if your details have changed. 

MARKETING AND COMMUNICATIONS


Receiving marketing information from English Heritage will always be your choice, and you can choose how you would like to receive that information from us. 


You can also change your mind at any time, and we will keep your preferences up to date. 


We limit the number of marketing communications we send to make sure we are not sending you too much. The maximum you would receive is four per month, in addition to communications that are not marketing related described above. 


We may at times invite you to events for fundraising, or ask you if you are able to support us further but only if appropriate and in line with this privacy policy.


We will only contact you for marketing purposes by telephone or text message (SMS) if you have told us we can. 


We will only contact you by email if you have told us you would like to hear from us this way, or to let you know about services you have previously bought. Every email will have a link to help you unsubscribe if you wish to stop this. 


We may contact you occasionally by post, however you can also stop this at anytime by contacting customers@english-heritage.org.uk.  


If you have applied to work for English Heritage, your personal information will only be processed for the purposes of recruitment, including processing your application and tracking recruitment statistics. You will not receive marketing communications, but you may receive job alerts by email if you have signed up to this service. 

 USER SUPPORTER PROFILES


In addition to respecting your communication preferences, we know it is important to our supporters to use our resources in a responsible and cost effective way. For this reason we use automated profiling and targeting to help us understand our supporters and make sure that: 

 Our communications and services are relevant, personalised and interesting to youOur services meet the needs of our supportersWe only ask for further support and help from you if it is appropriateWe use our resources responsibly and keep our costs down 


To do this we will analyse how you interact with us and use both geographic and demographic information to let you know what is happening in your local area and understand your interests. 


If you have agreed that we can contact you we may also gather additional information about you from external sources, for example updates to address and contact information, or publicly available information regarding your wealth, earnings, or employment. We may use this information to assess your capacity to support us and invite you to do so. If you would prefer that this did not happen simply let us know. 


This analysis may be carried out by English Heritage or by third parties organisations working for us. 


We will never sell or pass on your personal information, or let other organisations use it for their own purposes. 

 WHO WILL HAVE ACCESS TO MY INFORMATION?


Your information will be only be accessible to our staff, volunteers and contractors if they are trained and it is appropriate in order for them to carry out their role in line with this Privacy Policy. 


We will never sell your personal information, or let other organisations use it for their own purposes. 


We will only share your personal information where: 

 We are legally required to, or as a result of a lawful request by a governmental or law enforcement authority.We have engaged a supplier or contractor to carry out services on our behalf, such as order fulfilment, sending our communications or carrying out research and analysis. 


We only work with trusted suppliers who have agreed to the terms of our Data Processor Agreement to treat your information as respectfully as we do and in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. 


Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours. 


HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? 

The security of your information is paramount to us. We use encryption for transfer of data and our networks are regularly monitored to ensure they remain secure. 


We also regularly review our measures to ensure they are up to date and in line with latest developments, particularly when we are handling payment information.  


If you have a password to allow access to certain parts of our website, you must keep that password safe and not share it with anyone or your personal information could be at risk. 


Data that is transmitted via the internet or in email, cannot be 100% secure. As a global environment, transmitting data to us may take place outside the European Economic Area. 


We will take every reasonable precaution to keep your information safe but it cannot be guaranteed and so please be aware that any information you do transmit to us is at your own risk. Once we have received your information we will use our best effort to ensure its safety within our network, which sits within the European Economic Area. 


We will only hold your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to carry out services and administer your relationship with us. Typically this is two years since your last interaction with us unless we are required to hold it longer for legal or taxation reasons. 


If we dispose of your information it will always be done securely. 


HOW TO GET IN TOUCH AND UNDERSTANDING YOUR RIGHTS 


You have the right to a copy of the information we hold about you. This is called a subject access request. 


If you would like to make a subject access request you can do so here. You also have the right to have incorrect information corrected and the right to object to further processing of your personal information for direct marketing. 


If you need help or have any questions about this policy and your rights in regarding the processing of your personal information please contact: 


Senior Information Rights OfficerEnglish HeritageThe Engine HouseFire Fly Avenue Swindon SN2 2EH 


For broader advice and guidance please contact the data protection regulator: 


The Information CommissionerWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshire SK9 5AFTelephone: 01625-545700Fax: 01625 524510 


