
What do we do with your information?
PROCESSING
We will make sure that you receive the product or service you have requested, process any payments and send you information relating to that service.
If you have joined as a Member this will include sending you confirmation of your purchase and membership materials such as membership cards, information on how to use your membership, regular magazines, handbook and email newsletters. We will also send you information about membership renewal and information relating to your Direct Debit payments.
If you have made a donation, this will include thanking you for your support and letting you know how your contribution has helped us.
We will also do our best to keep your information up to date. This includes monitoring returned mail to let us know if you no longer live at the address we hold for you. We also use information from the Post Office's National Change of Address database, the telephone preference service, the mailing preference service, the Bereavement Register and other similar suppression lists to make sure we do not send communications to the wrong place or person.
Please do let us know if your details have changed.
MARKETING AND COMMUNICATIONS
Receiving marketing information from English Heritage will always be your choice, and you can choose how you would like to receive that information from us.
You can also change your mind at any time, and we will keep your preferences up to date.
We limit the number of marketing communications we send to make sure we are not sending you too much. The maximum you would receive is four per month, in addition to communications that are not marketing related described above.
We may at times invite you to events for fundraising, or ask you if you are able to support us further but only if appropriate and in line with this privacy policy.We will only contact you for marketing purposes by telephone or text message (SMS) if you have told us we can.
We will only contact you by email if you have told us you would like to hear from us this way, or to let you know about services you have previously bought. Every email will have a link to help you unsubscribe if you wish to stop this.
We may contact you occasionally by post, however you can also stop this at anytime by contacting data.protection@english-heritage.org.uk.
If you have applied to work for English Heritage, your personal information will only be processed for the purposes of recruitment, including processing your application and tracking recruitment statistics. You will not receive marketing communications, but you may receive job alerts by email if you have signed up to this service.
USER SUPPORTER PROFILES
In addition to respecting your communication preferences, we know it is important to our supporters to use our resources in a responsible and cost effective way. For this reason we use automated profiling and targeting to help us understand our supporters and make sure that:

Our communications and services are relevant, personalised and interesting to you
Our services meet the needs of our supporters
We only ask for further support and help from you if it is appropriate
We use our resources responsibly and keep our costs down

To do this we will analyse how you interact with us and use both geographic and demographic information to let you know what is happening in your local area and understand your interests.
If you have agreed that we can contact you we may also gather additional information about you from external sources, for example updates to address and contact information, or publicly available information regarding your wealth, earnings, or employment. We may use this information to assess your capacity to support us and invite you to do so. If you would prefer that this did not happen simply let us know.
This analysis may be carried out by English Heritage or by third parties organisations working for us.
We will never sell or pass on your personal information, or let other organisations use it for their own purposes.
WHO WILL HAVE ACCESS TO MY INFORMATION?Your information will be only be accessible to our staff, volunteers and contractors if they are trained and it is appropriate in order for them to carry out their role in line with this Privacy Policy.
We will never sell your personal information, or let other organisations use it for their own purposes.
We will only share your personal information where:

We are legally required to, or as a result of a lawful request by a governmental or law enforcement authority.
We have engaged a supplier or contractor to carry out services on our behalf, such as order fulfilment, sending our communications or carrying out research and analysis.

We only work with trusted suppliers who have agreed to treat your information as respectfully as we do and in accordance with data protection legislation.
Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.

