
Why do we collect your personal information?
We want to know you better, so we can serve you better. But the choice whether you want this kind of service is off course up to you.
Depending on who you are, we may collect personal information for different purposes, such as:

performance and execution of contracts;
direct marketing;
providing our products or services;
responding to requests;
compliance with legal obligations; 
security and maintenance reasons;
employment purposes.

When do we share your information with third parties?
We only share your personal information with third parties in the specific cases listed below:

NXP affiliates, given that NXP is an international corporation with several NXP affiliates; 
external service providers, such as newsletter distributors, IT hosting providers, marketing providers, etc.; and
business partners.

We do not sell or license your personal information to third parties.
How do we safeguard your personal information?
We recognize our responsibility to protect the personal information we collect. We make sure that our measures are in compliance with applicable data protection and data security laws. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent risks, such as accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information. We will also make sure that our external providers process your data in a secure and confidential manner. Additionally, we make sure that these measures are in compliance with applicable data protection and data security laws. For instance, we put in place the following measures in order protect your information:

limiting physical access to our premises; 
limiting access to personal information (for instance, only employees on a need to know basis have access to your personal information);
requiring third-party providers to have acceptable security measures to keep personal information secure and
			putting in place physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in line with industry standards. 

How long do we retain your information?
We retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to fulfil the specific purposes, as explained under the section “Why we collect your personal information”. In certain cases a longer retention of your personal information might be required according to legal obligations. In all other cases, we delete your personal information once the purpose of processing your information is fulfilled.
Which are your rights?
According to applicable data protection laws, you have the right to:

Access, modify (via: https://www.nxp.com/webapp-signup/updateUser) or delete your personal information (unless it is legally required to retain the information).
Restriction of or objection to the processing activity of your information.
Request a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Pose any questions related to your personal information and its protection.

 
When do we transfer your personal information? 
NXP will not send your personal information to a recipient outside the European Economic Area (EEA) without obtaining your consent or otherwise complying with applicable data protection laws.
In order to fulfil the purposes mentioned under this Privacy Statement, we or third parties (see “When we share your information with third parties”) may disclose your personal information to recipients outside of the country where you are located. Transfers of personal information outside (EEA) require an adequate level of protection. 
NXP operates globally. The countries/regions in which recipients are likely to be located are the countries/regions where NXP is conducting business.
Updates to this Statement
In order to stay compliant with applicable legal requirements, we will review and/or may modify this Privacy Statement at any time.  The current version of this Privacy Statement is always available at: www.nxp.com.
Concerns and complaint
If you are concerned about the way we process your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) who will investigate your concern. You will receive a written response within a reasonable period. You also have the right to make a formal complaint to the relevant regulator in your jurisdiction. 
In case you have a concern or complaint in relation to this Privacy Statement please reach out to our Data Protection Officer at:
NXP Semiconductors N.V.
		Attn. Data Protection Officer
		High Tech Campus 60
		5656AG Eindhoven
		The Netherlands
The Data Protection Officer
		Email: dataprotection@nxp.com

