
Your right to privacy is very important to Jazzercise, Inc. We know you are concerned about how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from you, how we use that information and what we do to protect it. The policy applies to www.jazzercise.com and other sites on the World Wide Web owned and operated by Jazzercise, Inc.
If our information practices change, we will let you know by posting the policy chances on our Web site or by communicating directly with you. We will notify you of any such change before we use your information in a manner different from what is stated in our Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy in its entirety.
Information We Gather
Personally-identifiable Information
Jazzercise collects personally-identifiable information (such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number as well as credit card and banking information) that you provide when you place an order, save your personal information, or conduct business related to a franchise arrangement with us.
Other Information
We also gather statistical data when you visit our Web site. The exact information Jazzercise collects may vary, but may include the date and time of access to our site, the Internet Protocol address of a computer requesting a page, the pages requested, and computer information such as browser type and operating system.
Sweepstakes and Contests
Jazzercise may collect personally-identifiable information when you participate in sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions. We also may share this information with third-party sponsors of these promotions. Some of these promotions have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your personally-identifiable information, so we suggest that you read these rules carefully.
How Information is Used
When you make a purchase or conduct business through the Jazzercise Web site, we will use your information to process the order and payment transactions. We may also send you email to confirm your order and may contact you via phone, postal mail or email if we have other questions regarding the transaction.
Jazzercise may also employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, providing customer service, sending mail, processing payments, or other functions necessary for us to provide services to you. We may need to share your personally-identifiable information with these companies. However, we will provide them with only the information necessary to perform their functions and do not allow them to use that information for any other purpose.
From time to time, Jazzercise may send you email or notices through postal mail about our products, services and events. If at any time you would like us to remove you from our email or postal mailing lists, you may do so by contacting customer service at (800)FIT-IS-IT. Please note that it may take up to four weeks to remove you from our list.
Accessing and Changing Information
Jazzercise franchisees may access and change their own personally-identifiable information through the Business Center and The Studio, or by contacting Jazzercise directly. Jazzercise Apparel customers may call us at (800)FIT-IS-IT and speak with one of our customer service representatives.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Jazzercise may provide links to third-party Web sites as a service to our customers. Please be aware that we cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection practices of such third-party sites. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies on these Web sites before providing any information to them.
Security and Internet Communication
Jazzercise has implemented technology standards and operational security in order to protect personally-identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorized Jazzercise personnel are provided access to personally-identifiable information, and these employees are required to treat this information as confidential.
Because the Internet is not a secure medium, Jazzercise cannot guarantee that an unauthorized person will not obtain access to your personally-identifiable information sent via the Internet. In addition, we do not assume responsibility for any harm, loss or damage you may experience or incur by the sending personal or confidential information over the Internet by or to Jazzercise.
Jazzercise franchisee account information is password protected so that only you may use it. We recommend that you do not divulge your user id or password to anyone and that you change your password often. Jazzercise will never ask for your password by phone or email. Also remember to log out from jazzercise.com and close your browser window when you have finished your work to ensure that others cannot access your personally-identifiable information and correspondence.
Children
Jazzercise understands the importance of protecting children's privacy and our site is not intentionally designed or directed at children 13 years of age or younger. In addition, Jazzercise will not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Consent
By using the Jazzercise Web site, you consent to the collection, use and storage of your information by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on the site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time and will alert you to any such changes by updating this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at privacy@jazzercise.com.
 

