\n    Our Privacy Policy\n    Introduction\n    We (PassMark Software) are committed to protecting your privacy. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in our footer on every page of our website.\n    \n      We will NEVER sell or otherwise supply your personal information to third parties.\n      We DON\'T store any credit card information after completion of transactions.\n      We DON\'T send our bulk or unsolicited e-mail.\n    \n    The Information We Do Collect\n    This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website.\n    When you purchase software and hardware products from us, the types of personal information we collect may include names, e-mail addresses, phone numbers and other details we need to complete the transaction.\n    Like most websites, we also collect and use the data contained in our server log files. The information in the log files include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your Internet Service Provider (ISP), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.\n    The Way We Use Collected Information\n    We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with third parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order (for example, providing a delivery address to a courier).\n    We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product or to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.\n    We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with third parties.\n    We do not store credit card information after completion of transactions. Purchases made at our online store are processed by the secure third party payment gateway, RBS WorldPay. You may view their privacy policy at this page.\n    We use non-identifying and aggregate information from our server logs to better design our website for visitors. This information is not shared with third parties.\n    We also use Google AdSense, a third party advertisement vendor, on our benchmark sites (for example, cpubenchmark.com). Google AdSense uses the DART cookie which may collect information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This information is used by AdSense to serve geographically relevant or interest-based ads to visitors based on their visit to our sites and other sites using AdSense on the internet. You may read more about Google\x92s privacy policies or opt-out of interest-based advertising at this page.\n    We use a session id cookie to identify you for the duration of your visit to our website. This information enables our shopping cart system to keep track of the products you have  added to your cart. This information will automatically expire eight hours after its creation.\n    Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. We will never sell your personal information to third parties.\n    Our Commitment To Data Security\n    To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Where sensitive or personal information is required (usually for the purpose of placing an order), visitors are redirected to a secure server.\n    How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information \n    You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us. You can find out how to contact us on this page.\n    You can also correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to information or making corrections.\n    How To Contact Us\n    Should you have other questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us. \n    \n      \n    \n  \n  