Privacy Policy
        This privacy policy sets out how GIANTS Software GmbH uses and protects any information that you give GIANTS Software GmbH when you use Farming Simulator. GIANTS Software GmbH is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this application, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. GIANTS Software GmbH may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from February 03, 2016.
What we collect
        We may collect the following information:
        (1) name and job title
        (2) contact information including email address
        (3) demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
        (4) other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

What we do with the information we gather
        We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
        (1) Internal record keeping.
        (2) We may use the information to improve our products and services.
        (3) We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
        (4) From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.

        We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the application according to your interests.
        
        We use communication tools of the social media Facebook, especially the product Custom Audiences. This product generates a non-reversible, non personal check-sum (hash-value) from your user data, which can be transmitted to Facebook for analysis and marketing. Kindly find further information about the purpose and the extent of the data collection as well as the further processing and use of such data on Facebook as well as the setting options related to protecting your private sphere which are shown in the Facebook data protection information, which amongst others, can be found under Facebook Custom Audiences (
Security
        We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
        
Links to other websites
        Our application may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other application. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
        
Controlling your personal information
        You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
        (1) whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the application, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
        (2) if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us at GIANTS Software GmbH, Meierhofweg 5, 8454 Buchberg, Switzerland.

        We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to GIANTS Software GmbH, Meierhofweg 5, 8454 Buchberg, Switzerland. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.    This privacy policy sets out how GIANTS Software GmbH uses and protects any information that you give GIANTS Software GmbH when you use Farming Simulator. GIANTS Software GmbH is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this application, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. GIANTS Software GmbH may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from February 03, 2016.We may collect the following information:(1) name and job title(2) contact information including email address(3) demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests(4) other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:(1) Internal record keeping.(2) We may use the information to improve our products and services.(3) We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.(4) From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the application according to your interests.We use communication tools of the social media Facebook, especially the product Custom Audiences. This product generates a non-reversible, non personal check-sum (hash-value) from your user data, which can be transmitted to Facebook for analysis and marketing. Kindly find further information about the purpose and the extent of the data collection as well as the further processing and use of such data on Facebook as well as the setting options related to protecting your private sphere which are shown in the Facebook data protection information, which amongst others, can be found under Facebook Custom Audiences ( https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/ ) and Facebook Privacy ( https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation ). If you want to contradict to the use of Facebook Webpage Custom Audiences, you can do so under Facebook Custom Audiences Opt Out ( https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/ ).We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Our application may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other application. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:(1) whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the application, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes(2) if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us at GIANTS Software GmbH, Meierhofweg 5, 8454 Buchberg, Switzerland.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to GIANTS Software GmbH, Meierhofweg 5, 8454 Buchberg, Switzerland. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.