

				AB Team Ltd., the owner of BSplayer.com and BSplayer.org understands the responsibilities associated with good internet citizenship. Protecting the privacy rights of our clients is very important to us.Our ProductsAll our products, including BS.Player™ do not collect any kind of personal information from their users.E-mailWe are completely against and actively discourage unsolicited e-mail (Spam). Maintaining our client’s privacy is one of our main concerns. Each email message sent by our servers includes an easy way for the recipients to remove themselves from the list. In case that our client cannot easily remove him or herself, our staff is available to remove that person from our recipient list. If our client wishes to do this, he has to simply follow the instructions at the end of our email.E-mail Sharing and UsageWe will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission, except if ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to our employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails with news about our products (BS.Player™).CookiesThis site does not use cookies to collect any kind of personally identifiable information. Cookies are small text files that can be stored on your (client’s) hard drive by a web server containing basic information.Children's PrivacyBSplayer.com is not designed to attract children. We do not intend to collect personal information from anyone to be under 13 years of age. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of thirteen.Web Sites Linked to Our Web SiteWe are not responsible for the privacy polices applied by Web sites linked from or to our Web site nor by their content and information they are providing.Disclosing Information to Outside PartiesWe may provide aggregate information about our customers, Web site traffic patterns and related Web site information to our partners, but this information will not include any kind of personally identifying data.	    

