
Privacy & Data Protection (including Cookies)
Data Protection
This statement applies to Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd generally and each of the cinemas it operates and shall include any company in which Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd has an ownership interest. A full list of the cinemas currently operated by Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd is available on our website at http://www.picturehouses.com.
Information heldPicturehouse Cinemas Ltd records information about its customers for the purposes of administering an effective Ticketing system and for marketing (including direct marketing) by post and by email. Data held includes customer contact details and information about ticket purchases made and events attended.
Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd gathers information about customers at the time a customer makes a booking or applies to join a membership scheme either in person, by telephone, by email or on our website. This information is kept as a permanent record to enable us to analyse historical data and understand trends.
Customers joining a membership scheme or mailing list do so on the understanding that consent is given for Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd to process and use the information given in accordance with this policy.
Encrypted information is kept about customers’ credit cards to enable customers to retrieve their tickets and to enable us to analyse purchasing behaviour and understand trends.
In some cinemas, CCTV systems record images of people in or around the cinemas. Where this is the case signs are clearly displayed at the entrance to the premises. Images on tapes are kept for no longer than one month, unless retained for use in an investigation, in which case the images are wiped as soon as the investigation concludes.
Customers wishing to access free Wi-Fi at Picturehouse cinemas will need to provide their full name and email address on the Picturehouse Wi-Fi landing page. This information will be stored, used and processed by Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd and BT, who host the Wi-Fi landing page and operate the Wi-Fi on our behalf, to provide access to the Wi-Fi.  Picturehouse will hold and process personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. Customers who access the Wi-Fi understand and agree that: (i) any personal data entered on the Wi-Fi landing page will also be processed by BT and will be subject to BT’s privacy policy and (ii) personal data may be processed and stored by BT outside of the European Economic Area.
Using Information HeldGeneral information about the cinemas' activities is sent regularly to those who have requested it.
Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd processes and analyses information held to inform its business planning. We aim to build an understanding of customers preferences so that programming can be refined and information can be provided to customers who may find screenings and events of interest. Information is only sent to individuals who have subscribed to a membership scheme or mailing list or who have previously attended films or events at one of our cinemas.
Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd does not pass any personal details about its customers to any third party outside the Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd group, other than to third parties who analyse the data on our behalf and return the results to us for our own use, and to BT solely for the purpose of providing Customers with access to free Wi-Fi in Cinemas.
Where customers have given their consent, Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd may send them marketing communications about other offers, products and services which may be of interest to them, including those of Cineworld Cinemas and other Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd’s partners. Customers’ email details may be used to provide these information and marketing communications to them (including by showing them adverts on social media). Where customers would prefer Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd not to use their personal data in this way they can opt out of all marketing communications at any time by emailing enquiries@picturehouses.co.uk.
Third PartiesVarious third parties advertise with us on screen, in printed material and on our website. Our website also has links to third parties. Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd is not responsible for how third parties deal with any information you submit to them and users should contact the third parties directly if they have questions about their Privacy Policies. Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd does not pass personal data to any of these third parties.
Subject AccessCustomers may request a copy of information held about them by applying to:
Head of Customer Service, Picturehouse Cinemas Ltd
7th Floor, St Vincent House30 Orange StreetLondonWC2H 7HHInformation will be provided within 40 days of receipt of the request and payment of a £10 administration fee.
Policy last updated: July 2017
Cookies
Cookies on www.picturehouses.comCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. ‘First-party’ cookies are set by the site domain listed in the address bar. ‘Third-party’ cookies come from other domain sources that have items such as adverts or images embedded on the page.
The information below explains the cookies we use and why.
Ticket PurchasingOur ticket purchasing process, operated by Newman Online Ltd, sets a session cookie which expires when your browser is closed. The cookie is called session_id, and it is required to remember details of your choices as you proceed through the booking process.This is a first-party cookie, as it is part of the picturehouses.co.uk domain. No data or personal information is held.
Our website also has a cookie called accepted, and its purpose is to remember people who have clicked on ‘Do not show this message again’ in response to the following statement: ‘this site uses cookies to help make it more useful and reliable. By using the site or by dismissing this banner you are consenting to their use.’ It is a first-party, persistent cookie, lasting for 13 months. No data or personal information is held.
Our website also has a cookie called user, and its purpose is to track the names of customers who have logged into My Picturehouse. It is a first-party, persistent cookie, lasting for three years. The only personal information held is the customer’s full name.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from, and the pages they have visited.
Google Analytics uses the following cookies on our site:_utma (persistent cookie, lasts for two years)_utmb (session cookie)_utmc (session cookie)_utmz (persistent cookie, lasts for six months)  
These are all first-party cookies. No data or personal information is held.
WebtrendsOur trailer providers, MyMovies, use a cookie called WT_FPC, which enables them to use Webtrends to track anonymous data like return visits and session length. WT_FPC is a persistent cookie lasting ten years. MyMovies inform us: ‘it does not retain any personal information, simply unique ID values attributed to xx user, and unique ID values for xx session so that it can monitor duration.’
AddThisWe use AddThis to enable users to share content from our website.
AddThis uses the following cookies on our site:_atuvc (persistent, two years)di (persistent, one day)dt (persistent, one month)uid (persistent, two years)uit (persistent, two days)xtc (persistent, two years)
These are first-party cookies, and you can find out about the data they handle here: http://www.addthis.com/privacy
Smart AdServerWe use Smart AdServer to provide advertising on our website. They use the following cookies:dyncdn (persistent, one day)pbw (persistent, two years)pbwmaj6 (persistent, three days)pdomid (persistent, two years)pid (persistent, two years)sasd (session)TestIfCookie (session)TestIfCookieP (persistent, two years)vs (session)
These are third-party cookies, and information about the data they handle can be found here: http://smartadserver.com/privacy-policy. From that page you can also opt out of having Smart AdServer cookies on your computer.

