


                                    We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site ("Visitors") who visit without registering on the site and Visitors who register on the Site and make use of the various services offered by United Development Company (UDC) QSC (collectively, "Services") ("Authorized Users").


"Personally Identifiable Information" refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number and email address. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.



What Personally Identifiable Information is collected? 
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect additional information from our Authorized Users including, but not limited to the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Users.



How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site and we may also e-mail Visitors and Authorized Users in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.



With whom may the information be shared?
We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Users, with our affiliated agencies, subsidiaries and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.



How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by United Development Company is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of United Development Company except for use as indicated above.



What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Visitors and Authorized Users may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies or subsidiaries by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at marketing@udcqatar.com



Are Cookies Used on the Site?
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Users.



What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Users on the Site?
United Development Company has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors. Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Users for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Users.



How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?
The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Users is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Users for any such occurrences.



How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
Visitors and Authorized Users may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at marketing@udcqatar.com



Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?
We provide Visitors and Authorized Users with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site's database by contacting marketing@udcqatar.com. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor's entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.



What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Visitors and Authorized Users know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site.



Links:
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy policy and the terms and conditions statements of these linked sites as their policies may differ from ours.

























