
Privacy Policy


Privacy Policy of NoFap LLC
Privacy Policy

Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the NoFap.com and NoFap LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to NoFap LLC include NoFap.com and NoFap. The NoFap website is a sexual health platform site. By using the NoFap website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
NoFap may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase NoFap’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. NoFap may also collect demographic information, such as your age, gender, household income, political affiliation, race, religion and sexual health information. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by NoFap. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the NoFap website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through NoFap’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
NoFap encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from NoFap so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. NoFap is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the NoFap website.
Use of your Personal Information
NoFap collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
NoFap may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from NoFap and its affiliates. NoFap may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
NoFap does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
NoFap may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. NoFap may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to NoFap, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
NoFap may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within NoFap, in order to determine what NoFap services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within NoFap to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
NoFap will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on NoFap or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of NoFap; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of NoFap, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The NoFap website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize NoFap pages, or register with NoFap site or services, a cookie helps NoFap to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same NoFap website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the NoFap features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the NoFap services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information

To secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, NoFap uses the following:
Cloudflare
Children Under Thirteen
NoFap does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from NoFap by clicking “unsubscribe” in the footers of emails that we send out.
Changes to this Statement
NoFap will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. NoFap encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how NoFap is protecting your information.
Contact Information

NoFap welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that NoFap has not adhered to this Statement, please contact NoFap at:
NoFap LLC
PO Box 81015
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15217
Email Address:

[email protected]
Last Updated January 16, 2017

