TD uses comprehensive safeguards to protect the integrity and security of your information and financial transactions, whichever way you choose to bank.The protection you need to bank and invest with confidence
			  
		

Online

				 Backed by the TD Online and Mobile Security Guarantee, EasyWeb Internet banking and WebBroker Internet brokerage are convenient ways to manage your finances and investments from the comfort of your home or office.
			

				 All of your banking and investing takes place behind secure firewalls, which protects your transactions and financial information as well as our website and the TD app. The use of passwords, PINs and access card numbers ensures that only you can access your accounts. Additionally, our Online Privacy Code tells you how we handle the information we obtain from you when you use our websites.
			

				 If you haven't yet taken advantage of our convenient online platforms, take a tour of EasyWeb and WebBroker today to discover how safe and convenient your banking and investing can be.
			

Mobile/Tablet

				 Just as with online banking, all your EasyWeb and WebBroker transactions and account activity are processed behind firewalls, so you can connect to TD anytime, anywhere with confidence. The same industry standards we have always employed to keep both our public website and Online Banking secure also extend to our TD app.
			

			We also have our Mobile Apps Privacy Code that tells you how we handle the information we obtain from you when you use our mobile apps.
			

				 With the TD mobile app, available for tablet and smartphone, you enjoy quick, easy and secure access to your TD accounts - so you're always in the know.
			

Green Machine ATMs

				 Green Machine ATMs are a safe and convenient way to do your everyday banking - without having to wait for a teller.
			

				 TD Canada Trust Access Cards have an embedded microchip that stores information in a secure, encrypted format. Using chip-enabled terminals or ATMs makes it more difficult for unauthorized users to copy or access information on the card.
			

				 Learn more about secure Green Machine ATM banking.
			

Phone 

EasyLine telephone banking provides secure, convenient and instant access to your accounts by phone. No one can access your personal financial information without your TD Canada Trust Access Card number and confidential PhoneCode.
			

				 TD Wealth clients who invest over the phone can take advantage of TD Wealth Voice Print System®. This innovative and secure system allows clients to verify their identity through their voice print - which essentially becomes their password.
			
