
Disclaimer
The information on the University of Groningen website has been prepared with the greatest possible care and the aim is to keep all information up-to-date. This does not affect the fact that no legal rights may be derived from the information listed on the website. The University cannot guarantee the correctness, completeness, topicality or quality of the information presented. However, such a guarantee can be given with respect to published, public regulations originating from the Board of the University.
The University of Groningen is not responsible or liable for any damage or loss resulting from use of the University website. The University reserves the right to make changes to the information on the website without prior notice.
In the event of doubt concerning the content of the website, please contact the relevant faculty, department or service. If you do not know who to contact, please send an e-mail to the Communication Office via communicatie@rug.nl .
External links
The University of Groningen cannot be held responsible or liable for the content of third-party webpages linked to www.rug.nl and its related subdomains.
Intellectual property
The texts, images, logos, audio and video on the website, as well as its design, may not be copied, modified or otherwise used without the prior and explicit consent of the University of Groningen. The University holds all intellectual property rights to the texts, images, logos, audio and video, design and other designated works.
The University of Groningen respects the rights of third parties. If you think that your rights have been violated in any way, please contact the relevant faculty, department or service. If you do not know who to contact, please send an e-mail to the Communication Office via communicatie@rug.nl .
Privacy
The University of Groningen treats the data of visitors to www.rug.nl with great care. In addition, the University respects the Data Protection Act ( Wet Bescherming Persoonsgegevens in Dutch) and the University Regulations concerning the Protection of the Personal Data of Students and Staff ( Regeling Bescherming Persoonsgegevens Studenten en Personeel in Dutch).
The processing of personal data is carried out solely within the context of University services.
Cookies
The University website uses both functional cookies – for example to remember language settings – and non-functional cookies. Functional cookies are used to provide services or to store your preferred settings. Some cookies, known as 'tracking cookies', are placed by third parties to track your surfing behaviour, but only with your permission. If you refuse these cookies, certain functionalities may be disabled on the website.
The website uses Google Analytics to map the traffic on the website. The data collected is used to improve the website. If legally obliged to do so, Google must transfer the information it collects by cookies or other means to third parties. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if the information is processed by Google on behalf of third parties. The University will not use the traffic data to track individual users.
In addition, embedded content is used on a number of pages. This could, for example, be a YouTube video, a widget or a social media button. When this information is loaded, cookies from the provider that supplies the information may also be transferred. The University of Groningen is not responsible for these cookies.
Cookies settings
All commonly used Internet browsers (Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and their equivalents for mobile devices) offer an option to completely erase and permanently refuse cookies. The latest versions of these web browsers offer a ‘Do Not Track (Do not follow me)’ setting, preventing connected advertisement networks from mapping your behaviour.
You can change your cookie settings.
Security
The University is responsible for any technical and organizational measures needed to protect personal data against unauthorized processing.
Questions
If you have any questions, please contact the Communication Office via communicatie@rug.nl.



