
Privacy Policy
FOR WEBSITE AND MOBILE ACCESS
Updated 11/01/2016
At Beat 102-103 we take your privacy and the protection of your information seriously. We have created this policy in line with the Data Protection Commissioner to demonstrate this commitment and to tell you how we handle and use your data.
If after reading this policy you have any questions please contact us using the details below.
Please review this statement periodically as we will amend and update it from time to time. This policy relates to transactions and activities in which you voluntarily engage and it relates to data gathered on Beat 102-103 but it does not extend to any offline activities between you and any of our third party advertisers or news items.
Please note that the Site may contain links to other websites. For example, if you click on a banner or advertisement on the site and link to another website, then this privacy policy will not apply to any information collected on that website. We recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit.
We may transfer, sell or assign data to another company as a result of a merger, sale or company re-organisation.
We endeavour to comply with the guidelines laid out by Ireland’s Data Commissioner in the collection, protection and distribution of data we may collect about you on our website. You should be aware of your rights and your right to contact us;
Data Protection Officer,
Beat 102-103,
The Broadcast Centre,
Ardkeen,
Waterford.
X91 C4VN
[email protected]
By using our website you consent to our confidentiality and privacy policy.
 
Children under the age of 13
Beat102-103 is not directed at users under the age of 13. We do not to the best of our knowledge collect information from or relating to children under the age of 13. If we discover that we have collected personal information from a child below the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [email protected].
 
What information do we collect?
You are not required to provide information directly to us in order to view the website. We only request information which is necessary for us to fulfil our service obligations on the website. We are a news source and as such any information presented to you is sourced from news outlets or written by our newsdesk.
We may also keep a record of any contact you have with us.
With your consent, we may use your mobile number or email address to send you promotions, notifications, or other services. You have the option to unsub or opt-out of any and all communications on every text or email we send you.
 
What do we use this information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways;

To notify you of any changes to the website or service
To notify you of local offers/news within any newsletter we may produce which you voluntarily register for
To analyse our audience demographically for internal use and behaviour tracking, we never disclose personal information to any 3rd party
To target relevant news content or ads to you based on your previous visits to the site, this makes your experience with our content more relevant and allows us to supply our content free of charge. We do not and will not personally identify you for this information, we use aggregated anonymous data so for example we can tell an advertiser we have 5000 male users based in Kilkenny and allow them to target an ad to those users but they will never know the individual details of those 5000 male users
To improve our customer service levels to you – having your information and knowing how you use the website helps us to respond efficiently and effectively to your support requests

We can tell using registration information and cookies we have collected a bit more about you and your interests – this helps us to develop new content we know you will like and want to read. By remembering who you are it makes it easier for you to enter competitions, comment or share articles to social media.
Your information, whether public or private will not be sold to any other company for any reason whatsoever without your express consent.
You are always in control of your data – we are relying on you to help us deliver a service and product our users want to read. We need to know more about you in order to improve our service to you.
Please do not submit your personal information if you do not want us to collect it.
 
Site Security
At Beat 102-103 we make every effort to protect the data which you provide to us. We consistently monitor our servers for unauthorised access and we have appropriate security management systems in place to safeguard this. Anti-virus software and Firewalls are installed on all areas of the site. If we ask anyone else to do some work for us on our websites or servers we ensure they have the same high levels of security in place.
We do recognise however that, unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. You do so at your own risk.
Third party activities relating to any advertiser to whom you submitted your information via Beat 102-103 are beyond our control. We urge you to review the privacy policy of such advertisers to ensure your information is secure once it is transferred to that third party. If you wish to modify any information submitted to an advertiser you must contact them directly as they are responsible for that information.
 
IP Addresses and Cookies
Like most other websites we will collect information about your computer including, if available, your IP Address, Operating System, Browser Type and Location for statistical and behavioural tracking. This information helps us to enhance our service to you. This does not identify any individual; it is used as a tool to gather broad levels of data for analysis and to measure audience size and patterns of usage such as visitor numbers and how unique they are.
We may also collect a cookie file for the same reason. These are small files that a site or service provider transfers to your hard drive through your browser which essentially enables us to remember certain non-identifiable information. You can disable cookies through Internet Options on your browser menu at any time.
We also use outside providers for web-site statistics. The primary provider we use is Google Analytics. You can find further information on the information which it collects at http://www.google.com/analytics/.
If you access us via a mobile browser we may identify the location of your device, the browser type you accessed with and the operating system.
 
How long will we store the information for?
We will only store your information as long as you are active on the website and engaging with our content. If you have not engaged with the website for 2 years we will send you an email to determine if you wish to remain registered with us.
 
Affiliates or 3rd party organisations
We may partner with co-branded organisations or other companies to supply services for our users. If you opt to sign up to those companies or purchase from them you should familiarise yourself with their privacy policy and terms and conditions. They may pass information regarding what you have purchased back to us for tracking purposes or so that your account is up to date when you log in.
Some of these companies may include credit-card and billing processing, ad serving, shipping, email distribution, list processing and analytics or promotions management. We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services. These service providers are restricted from using personal information in any way other than to provide services for Beat 102 103, and they may not share, resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes.
We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future contact lists, in accordance with relevant laws. We may occasionally release personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena.
 
Who is Beat 102-103?
We are part of Landmark Media, you can find further information about them and us on www.landmarkdigital.ie

