4shared Privacy PolicyLast Revised: March 2, 2017
      This privacy policy ("Policy") explains how information you provide to us is collected, used and disclosed by 4shared ("we" or "us") with respect to your access and use of 4shared's online file storage and sharing service located at 
      We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on this Policy the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any information you provide to us or collected about you will be used.
What Information Do We Collect?
      The following types of information may be collected while you use our Digital Properties:
        - Personal information you choose to provide to us such as your name, mailing address, and email address.
        - Non-personal information including, but not limited to, location, browser type, IP address, mobile device type and identifier, screen resolution, operating system, the date and time of a visit or use, the pages visited on this Service and areas accessed in the App, the time spent viewing the Digital Properties, and return visits to the Digital Properties.
        - Wireless Network usage information including, but not limited to, network performance, mobile identity, and network access point identifier.
        - Aggregated information as you and others browse and use our Digital Properties.
      We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies", beacons and other similar technology to improve the Service and your experience. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions. However, if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services made available via the Service.The use of cookies and beacons by our partners is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Uses of Information
      The information we collect may be used for such purposes as:
        - To respond your inquiries and requests.
        - To operate our Digital Properties and improve your experience.
        - To identify or repel possible threats to Digital Properties security.
        - To conduct research about Digital Properties usage.
        - For advertising purposes in order to deliver the most relevant ads to you.
        - To plan and evaluate wireless networks.
        - To analyze aggregate consumer trends.
        - To conduct cybersecurity research.
Analytics and Research Services
      We may use third-party analytics and research services to better understand how visitors interact with Digital Properties. These services provide non-personally identifiable data including but not limited to data on where visitors came from, what actions they took, and where visitors went when they left Digital Properties. We use this information to improve your experience when visiting our Digital Properties. We may also work with other partners to conduct research surveys in order to improve the user experience on our Digital Properties. Their data practices are regulated by the privacy statements of these partners.
Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties, Onward Transfer
      We may share (a combination of) Personal Data elements with:
 -  Third-party Service Providers
      We may share your Personal Data with third-party service providers who may assist us in responding to your inquiries or requests, or otherwise perform some business or operational function for us.
      We require that such third-party service providers confirm their Personal Data Privacy and Protection practices are consistent with those applicable via our Digital Properties.
      Any use of Personal Data by such Service Providers for the purposes other than performing business or operational function for 4shared and its Digital Properties is strictly prohibited.
 -  Third-party Advertising Partners
      We partner with third-party ad networks to display advertising within our Digital Properties. Our ad network partners use Web beacons and log files to collect data about your activities on our Digital Properties to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
      This data is collected, stored and disclosed in the pseudonymized manner and can not be attributed separately to identify or reveal a natural person individual identity.
      The use of cookies and beacons by our partners is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies.
 -  Third-party targeted interest-based advertising data providers
      We may also disclose some Personal Data, in the pseudonymized manner, with third-party targeted interest-based advertising data providers for the purpose of facilitating advertising services for their customers, such as ad networks and other third-party websites and applications.
      For more details on collection, use and disclosure of Personal Data, and instructions on how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please refer to information provided below or visit websites of advertising networks and data providers:
Airpush, Inc. collects Data relating to your use of 4shared App, other apps and your device, in a pseudonymized manner, that may include (a combination of) Personal Data elements, such as:
      (a) Bluetooth beacon data
      (b) Hashed or encrypted values of your email or phone number
      (c) Geolocation, and
      (d) other permission-based user information.
      You will see the ↓ icon whenever data is being collected. Collected data will be shared with third parties for advertising, analytics and market research purposes.
      For further information about Airpush, Inc.'s data collection and use practices, please see Airpush, Inc.'s 
OpenSignal, Inc. We share data relating to your use of 4shared App, other apps and your device, in a pseudonymized manner, that may include (a combination of) Personal Data elements, such as:
          (a) Location
          (b) Network diagnostic information
          (c) Sensor diagnostic information, and
          (d) other data related to your use of our application.
      OpenSignal will use the information that we share about you to create aggregated anonymous data and OpenSignal is the sole owner of that data.
      To learn more about the use of aggregated anonymous data, we recommend that you review OpenSignal 
Oracle America, Inc. We share data relating to your use of 4shared App, other apps and your device, in a pseudonymized manner, that may include (a combination of) Personal Data elements, such as:
            (a) Online behavioral information
            (b) IP address
            (c) Interest data
            (d) Unique advertising IDs
      Oracle will use the Data we share about you to for the following purposes, including but not limited to:
          (i) Creation of segments for targeted advertising and marketing purposes;
          (ii) Oracle's internal system improvements, product improvement, statistical analysis, and research, and development.
      For more information about the use of data by Oracle, please refer to Oracle's 
      For more details, please refer to opt-out instructions on websites of self-regulatory organizations:
Recommended for U.S.-based users:
          Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt-out program: 
          Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) opt-out program: 
Recommended for Canada-based users:
          Digital Advertising Alliance Canada (DAAC): 
Recommended for EU/EEA-based users:
          Digital Advertising Alliance EU (EDAA) opt-out program: 
      To opt out of data collection via mobile applications, please visit the DAA AppChoices page: 
      Please note that even if you opt out of interest-based advertising, 4shared may continue to collect data for other purposes, 4shared will still display generic ads (i.e. not targeted to you), while using our Digital Properties.
- We may also disclose your Personal Data if required by law, including without limitation, by search warrant, subpoena or court order; to protect our and third-party rights; and for purposes disclosed at time of collection.
Security
      We take reasonable measures to help maintain data we collect through our Digital Properties in a secure manner.
Links to Third-Party Websites
      Our Digital Properties may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. We do not own or control such websites and this Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through our Digital Properties. Their data practices are regulated by the privacy statements of these websites.
Contact Us
      If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at 
This privacy policy ("Policy") explains how information you provide to us is collected, used and disclosed by 4shared ("we" or "us") with respect to your access and use of 4shared's online file storage and sharing service located at www.4shared.com , (the "Service") and our mobile applications ("Apps" or "App"), collectively, our Digital Properties, so you can make an informed decision about using the Service.We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on this Policy the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any information you provide to us or collected about you will be used.The following types of information may be collected while you use our Digital Properties:- Personal information you choose to provide to us such as your name, mailing address, and email address.- Non-personal information including, but not limited to, location, browser type, IP address, mobile device type and identifier, screen resolution, operating system, the date and time of a visit or use, the pages visited on this Service and areas accessed in the App, the time spent viewing the Digital Properties, and return visits to the Digital Properties.- Wireless Network usage information including, but not limited to, network performance, mobile identity, and network access point identifier.- Aggregated information as you and others browse and use our Digital Properties.We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies", beacons and other similar technology to improve the Service and your experience. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions. However, if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services made available via the Service.The use of cookies and beacons by our partners is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies.The information we collect may be used for such purposes as:- To respond your inquiries and requests.- To operate our Digital Properties and improve your experience.- To identify or repel possible threats to Digital Properties security.- To conduct research about Digital Properties usage.- For advertising purposes in order to deliver the most relevant ads to you.- To plan and evaluate wireless networks.- To analyze aggregate consumer trends.- To conduct cybersecurity research.We may use third-party analytics and research services to better understand how visitors interact with Digital Properties. These services provide non-personally identifiable data including but not limited to data on where visitors came from, what actions they took, and where visitors went when they left Digital Properties. We use this information to improve your experience when visiting our Digital Properties. We may also work with other partners to conduct research surveys in order to improve the user experience on our Digital Properties. Their data practices are regulated by the privacy statements of these partners.We may share (a combination of) Personal Data elements with:We may share your Personal Data with third-party service providers who may assist us in responding to your inquiries or requests, or otherwise perform some business or operational function for us.We require that such third-party service providers confirm their Personal Data Privacy and Protection practices are consistent with those applicable via our Digital Properties.Any use of Personal Data by such Service Providers for the purposes other than performing business or operational function for 4shared and its Digital Properties is strictly prohibited.We partner with third-party ad networks to display advertising within our Digital Properties. Our ad network partners use Web beacons and log files to collect data about your activities on our Digital Properties to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.This data is collected, stored and disclosed in the pseudonymized manner and can not be attributed separately to identify or reveal a natural person individual identity.The use of cookies and beacons by our partners is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies.We may also disclose some Personal Data, in the pseudonymized manner, with third-party targeted interest-based advertising data providers for the purpose of facilitating advertising services for their customers, such as ad networks and other third-party websites and applications.For more details on collection, use and disclosure of Personal Data, and instructions on how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please refer to information provided below or visit websites of advertising networks and data providers:collects Data relating to your use of 4shared App, other apps and your device, in a pseudonymized manner, that may include (a combination of) Personal Data elements, such as:(a) Bluetooth beacon data(b) Hashed or encrypted values of your email or phone number(c) Geolocation, and(d) other permission-based user information.You will see the ↓ icon whenever data is being collected. Collected data will be shared with third parties for advertising, analytics and market research purposes.For further information about Airpush, Inc.'s data collection and use practices, please see Airpush, Inc.'s Technology Privacy Statement and Privacy Policy . To opt out of data collection by AirPush, Inc., please use the AirPush, Inc. opt-out link We share data relating to your use of 4shared App, other apps and your device, in a pseudonymized manner, that may include (a combination of) Personal Data elements, such as:(a) Location(b) Network diagnostic information(c) Sensor diagnostic information, and(d) other data related to your use of our application.OpenSignal will use the information that we share about you to create aggregated anonymous data and OpenSignal is the sole owner of that data.To learn more about the use of aggregated anonymous data, we recommend that you review OpenSignal Privacy Policy . To opt out of our sharing of this information with OpenSignal, Inc., please contact us at legal@4shared.com with a request that we not share your information with OpenSignal, Inc.We share data relating to your use of 4shared App, other apps and your device, in a pseudonymized manner, that may include (a combination of) Personal Data elements, such as:(a) Online behavioral information(b) IP address(c) Interest data(d) Unique advertising IDsOracle will use the Data we share about you to for the following purposes, including but not limited to:(i) Creation of segments for targeted advertising and marketing purposes;(ii) Oracle's internal system improvements, product improvement, statistical analysis, and research, and development.For more information about the use of data by Oracle, please refer to Oracle's Privacy Policy . To opt out of data collection by Oracle America, Inc., please refer to Oracle's Opt Out tool page For more details, please refer to opt-out instructions on websites of self-regulatory organizations:Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt-out program: optout.networkadvertising.org Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) opt-out program: optout.aboutads.info Digital Advertising Alliance Canada (DAAC): youradchoices.ca/choices Digital Advertising Alliance EU (EDAA) opt-out program: youronlinechoices.eu To opt out of data collection via mobile applications, please visit the DAA AppChoices page: youradchoices.com/appchoices Please note that even if you opt out of interest-based advertising, 4shared may continue to collect data for other purposes, 4shared will still display generic ads (i.e. not targeted to you), while using our Digital Properties.We take reasonable measures to help maintain data we collect through our Digital Properties in a secure manner.Our Digital Properties may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. We do not own or control such websites and this Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through our Digital Properties. Their data practices are regulated by the privacy statements of these websites.If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at legal@4shared.com 