
The College operates under the terms and conditions outlined in its RVC Charter and RVC Statutes, and it remains compliant with statutory and financial regulations.  
The policy documents below are a transparent statement of our internal rules and regulations.  
The College complies with The Higher Education Code of Governance (Dec 2014), issued by the Committee of University Chairmen (CUC) in December 2014.  
Charitable Status
The College is a charitable body but is exempt from registration with and oversight by the Charity Commission under the terms of the Charities Act 2011 and therefore has no charity number. It is subject to the legal rules applicable to charities under English Law and to the general provisions of the Charities Acts. The College is treated as an exempt charity because it was created under Royal Charter and its principal statutory regulator, HEFCE, oversees its compliance with charity law.
The College is also the sole trustee of the Animal Care Trust, which is an independent charity that is fully registered with the Charity Commission.
Registered Name and Address
Legal name: The Royal Veterinary College .
Also known as: “Royal Veterinary College” and by the abbreviations “the RVC” or “RVC”, according to context.
Correspondence address: Royal College Street, London, NW1 0TU




  Strategic Plan 2014-2019
					




Our Strategic Plan (PDF), published in late 2014, outlines our path for the next five years.
This plan identifies activities to which we will commit, the objectives on which we will focus and the broad metrics by which we expect to be judged.






  Financial Policies, Information and Financial Statements
					





  Business Continuity Information 
					



Business Continuity Information
The safety and health of our staff and students, the College's visitors, the animals in our care and the neighbouring community are of paramount importance. In addition, the protection and preservation of the College's reputation, the standard of our services and our clinical facilities are key to our continued operations when managing a crisis situation.
In the event of a crisis, once all health and safety issues have been addressed, we must strive to ensure continuity of service to our students and clients. Accordingly a College continuity strategy has been developed and is set out in this plan.
Its purpose is to ensure that recovery from a major disruption is achieved through efficient and systematic work practices managed by our Crisis Management Team ably supported by co-opted personnel as the situation demands.It is essential that the College continuity plan is effective and so will be regularly reviewed and tested through rehearsals.
The Royal Veterinary College looks to all management and staff to give this plan their fullest support.
This Page will be updated in the event of an incident which invokes the business continuity plan at the RVC






  Policy and Code of Practice on Freedom of Speech and Expression
					





  Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
					



As a College of the University of London and in accordance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015, the RVC makes an annual Statement on slavery and human trafficking.
This Statement is part of the College's commitment to improving our practices in order to combat modern slavery and human trafficking. The Statement is approved by the RVC Council and signed by Lord Curry.
The current statement can be viewed through the following link:
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement 31st July 2016






  Public Interest Disclosure (“Whistleblowing”) Policy
					





  IT Policies and Regulations
					



See IT Policies and Regulations for information related to the use of IT resources (RVC computers, internet, telephones, printers. etc.) by RVC students and staff.






  Website Terms and Conditions
					



If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern The Royal Veterinary College’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘(The) Royal Veterinary College’ or ‘RVC’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Royal College Street, London NW1 0TU, United Kingdom. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. Neither should any information provided be constituted as professional advice. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Unless otherwise indicated, opinions expressed herein are those of the author of the page and do not necessarily represent the corporate views of The Royal Veterinary College.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website also includes links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the websites. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked websites.
Our aim is to make this website available 24 hours a day. However, we reserve the right to withdraw access to all or any part of the website, for any reason, without notice.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.

If you have any queries, please contact webmaster@rvc.ac.uk.






  Website Accessibility
					



It is The Royal Veterinary College’s intention to continue to make this site as accessible as possible. Should you experience any difficulty in finding the information you require in the appropriate format, you are encouraged to contact the webmaster.
Accessibility Features
All text uses relative font sizes so text can be enlarged or reduced using the text size options available in browsers.
This site uses CSS for visual layout. For optimal viewing, it is recommended that you use a browser with CSS2 support. If your browser or browsing device does not support style-sheets, the content of each page should still be readable.
All informational images and tables should contain ALT and SUMMARY attributes respectively. For purely decorative or structural images and tables these attributes are null.
Accessibility Compliance
The RVC website has been tested as far as possible against the World Wide Web Consortium's (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 and Section 508 for HTML and CSS, using WAVE (Web Accessibility Evaluation tool) - see WebAIM for more information.
It is our aim to make all pages on this site compliant with these guidelines, however we recognise that this is not yet be the case in some areas of the site. Therefore, if you experience any difficulty accessing the information on any of our pages please contact the webmaster (webmaster@rvc.ac.uk) and we will do our best to rectify the problem.




