

Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously so please read the following information carefully.  
Should you wish to subscribe to our free newsletter, we will need your e-mail address.  We may also request your name and zip code. Since it's a big city, having your zip code will enable us to send you information specific to your city neighborhood.  Any personal information you provide to us will always be protected 100% and should you provide your e-mail address to The City Cook, it will never be shared with or given away to any third parties for marketing purposes without your expressed permission. We may also request additional information about your interest and skill as an urban home cook.  This information may be shared, in aggregate form, with others, including advertisers who may be interested in advertising in The City Cook.  All information provided to us is stored on restricted access database servers.
We do not intend, and The City Cook is not designed, to collect personal information from children under the age of 13.  If you are under 13 years old, you should not register for our newsletter or any other services or otherwise provide information on this web site.  Instead you should ask your parent to do so for you.
At any time you may cancel your subscription to our free newsletter.  Moreover, if we ever send you information by e-mail concerning new products or services that you did not expressly request and which you do not wish to receive, we will provide you with an e-mail address by which you may request no future notices.
Like most sites, The City Cook makes use of browser "cookies." Cookies are small text files placed on your computer's hard disk by our server that allow us to quickly check your status as a subscriber and facilitate access to your preferences.   In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
Links to Other Sites
To help you find the best ingredients and other home cooking resources, The City Cook may create links allowing you to access third party sites.  The City Cook is not responsible for the content that appears on those sites and we do not endorse them.  Please consult those sites' individual privacy policies in order to determine how they treat user information.
Modifications to These Policies
The City Cook may change these policies but we'll post any changes we make here.
Last updated: June 16, 2015.
