AIHA.org does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals without the knowledge of that individual. However, AIHA.org will collect and record information that is volunteered by a user of the site. For example, volunteered information may be gathered when a user is presented with a blank field and voluntarily inputs personal information and submits that information to AIHA.org. Such volunteered information may be updated at any time by the user. Also, at the request of a user, AIHA.org will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete the user from its database.
 
Please note, such commercially reasonable efforts may not include the deletion of a user's entry from back-up files and records of deletions. Information from back-up files and records of deletion are never allowed for external use. AIHA.org will not divulge information on the individual user to any unaffiliated third party unless the user provides aiha.org with permission from the user to do so. AIHA.org may employ other companies and individuals (“Third Party Providers”) to perform functions on its behalf, including but not limited to fulfilling orders, sending postal mail and e-mail, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. Third Party Providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. User has the opportunity to volunteer information on the aiha.org web site and will be given the option to opt-out of receiving any promotional or other marketing information from aiha.org or any other third party by emailing infonet@aiha.org.
 
Further, if the user should initially choose to receive such material, the user may later opt-out of the receipt of additional materials at any time.
 
AIHA.org also gathers certain non-personal information regarding users as a consequence of maintaining the operation of the AIHA.org web site. The standard operation of AIHA.org's internet servers requires the collection of certain non-personal information of its users.
AIHA.org may also use "cookies" in the operation of its web site. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. The cookie tracks an individual's usage of the site to facilitate things such as site improvements, and customized services for the user. AIHA.org cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by third parties that host AIHA.org data. Users who browse to other web sites from AIHA.org, may be susceptible to that web site’s cookie policy. Most browsers have a feature that can be used to disable cookies if a user does not want cookies to be used on them. AIHA.org may from time to time perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the aiha.org web site. This information may be disclosed to third parties; however, such information will only be provided in aggregated form. AIHA.org may use this aggregated information to inform advertisers of the usage of the AIHA.org web site and the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. Also, AIHA.org may allow other parties to offer various services on the AIHA.org web site. AIHA.org is not responsible for actions taken by these parties and the user should take the time to review any such third party's privacy policy.
 
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 30, 2000 and revised and updated on May 7, 2018.
 
Aiha.org may change this policy at any time. This privacy policy does not create any contractual right on behalf of the user, AIHA.org or any other party. Notwithstanding anything else provided herein, aiha.org reserves the right to contact users regarding their account status and other matters relevant to our service.
​
