Most of our services do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our site without telling us who you are. However, some services may require you to provide us with Personal Data, which may include your direct identifiers, such as name, birth date, email address or telephone number. We may collect and use Personal Data to provide you with products or services, to bill you for products and services you request, to market products and services which we think may be of interest to you, or to communicate with you for other purposes which are evident from the circumstances or about which we inform you when we collect Personal Data from you.
Personal Data used for website usage analytics:
We may collect and process information about your visit to this website, such as the pages you visit, the website you came from and some of the searches you perform. Such information is used by us to help improve the contents of the site and to compile aggregate statistics using our site for internal, market research purposes. In doing this, we may install "cookies" that collect the domain name of the user, your internet service provider, your operating system, and the date and time of access. A "cookie" is a small piece of information, which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a "cookie”, this will enable you to decide if you want to accept it or not. , however, if you do not accept, you may not be able to use all functionalities of your browser software. 
Occasionally, we may use internet tags (also known as action tags, single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs and 1-by-1 GIFs) and cookies at this site and may deploy these tags/cookies through a third-party advertising partner or a web analytical service partner which may be located and store the respective information (including your IP-address) in a foreign country. These tags/cookies are placed on both online advertisements that bring users to this site and on different pages of this site. We use this technology to measure the visitors' responses to our sites and the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns (including how many times a page is opened and which information is consulted) as well as to evaluate your use of this website. The third-party partner or the web analytical service partner may be able to collect data about visitors to our and other sites because of these internet tags/cookies, may compose reports regarding the website’s activity for us and may provide further services which are related to the use of the website and the internet. They may provide such information to other parties if there is a legal requirement that they do so, or if they hire the other parties to process information on their behalf. If you would like more information about web tags and cookies associated with on-line advertising or to opt-out of third-party collection of this information, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative website http://www.networkadvertising.org (link is external)
We use Google Analytics to rationalize our portfolio of websites by (i) optimizing traffic to and between corporate websites, and (ii) integrating and optimizing web pages where appropriate. “Google Analytics” is a service offered by Google Inc. (“Google”) that generates detailed statistics about a website's traffic and traffic sources and measures conversions and sales. Google Analytics uses “cookies” stored on your computer to help analyze how users use our website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of our website, including your IP address, will be anonymized by use of the appropriate settings prior to be transmitted to Google servers in the United States. For more information on how IP anonymization works, please see https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052 (link is external).
You may prevent or stop the installation and storage of cookies by you browser settings by downloading and installing the free Opt-out Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en (link is external). If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all functions of our website.
