LCBO Customer Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
The LCBO is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and the confidentiality of their personal information.
This Customer Privacy Policy describes the LCBO’s policy about protecting the privacy and confidentiality of the personal information it collects from you, as a customer. It also describes some of the ways the LCBO collects personal information about you and how it uses, discloses and manages the personal information it collects, but this document is not intended to describe every situation in which the LCBO collects personal information. Other than as permitted or required by law, the purposes for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information will be set out at the time of collection.
OVERVIEW
 
 WHAT IS “PERSONAL INFORMATION”?
The term “personal information” means recorded information about an identifiable individual. To qualify as personal information, the information must be about the individual in a personal capacity. As a general rule, information about an individual in a professional, business or official capacity is not considered to be personal information about the individual. Examples of information that could be personal information include your name, address, gender, date of birth, language preference, email address, telephone number, credit card information, personal opinions, Twitter user name or other social media user identification.
WHAT IS THE LCBO’S STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In most situations, personal information collected on LCBO websites (including www.lcbo.com, www.vintages.com, vintagesshoponline.ca, www.lcbotrade.com, www.lcbopinion.com and www.lcbogifts.com) or when you purchase or return products, is collected under the authority of the Liquor Control Act, Sec.3(1)(n), R.S.O.1990, c.L.18.
WHEN DOES THE LCBO COLLECT AND USE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
The LCBO may collect personal information from customers in person, over the telephone, by mail, by fax or through the Internet.
The LCBO uses personal information about you and your use of LCBO Websites for various purposes, including the following:

to process, verify, and deliver your orders;

to better understand your product preferences;

to track and analyze trends and patterns;

to administer the AIR MILES® Rewards Program including the awarding of reward miles to customers for purchases;

to conduct and administer surveys, contests, draws and raffles;

to conduct information and education programs such as tutored tastings and wine appreciation series;

to comply with legal and regulatory requirements;

to create aggregated information that does not allow you to be personally identified or contacted;

to send communications about products and/or services


Some examples of situations where we may collect and use your personal information are set out below.
SHOPPING AT THE LCBO
Product Purchase:
You do not have to provide us with any personal information when you purchase products in person at one of our stores. You may be asked for identification to verify your age, although this information is not recorded.
You may be required to provide personal information when you order products from the LCBO including, for example, where products are ordered on-line, through our catalogues or through our Specialty Services Department. In these situations, we collect personal information in order to process these transactions, to verify your identity, and to protect against error or fraud.
If you use a credit or debit card for your purchase, your credit/debit card-related information and your signature are required to process your payment.
Product Return:
For product returns, the LCBO will collect personal information to process a return and for fraud prevention purposes. Photo identification will be requested (but not recorded) to confirm this information. Where a defective or recalled product is returned, the LCBO will collect your name, address and telephone number so that we may communicate with you regarding possible health and safety matters, if necessary.
Video Cameras:
The LCBO operates video cameras in our stores and other facilities for the safety, security and protection of all LCBO staff, visitors and customers as well as for the prevention and detection of criminal activity.
EMAIL AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS:
From time to time, we may obtain your consent to send you email and other communications about products, services, promotions, events or administrative functions. The LCBO obtains consent for email communications.
You can opt-out of receiving promotional email from us at any time by doing one of the following:

If you originally signed up for email on one of our Websites please return to the email sign-up page on the Website, and click on the “unsubscribe” link, then enter your email address and click the “Submit” button. Please be sure to use the same email address as that which you used to sign-up, otherwise it may not be possible to comply with your request.

If you have received an email, you can follow the opt-out or “unsubscribe” instructions provided in your email.

Contact HelloLCBO - our Customer Service Department at 1-800-668-5226 or416-365-5900 or by clicking on our “Contact Us” page on the Website.


When you request that your name be removed from our databases, it may not be possible to completely delete all your personal information due to technical and legal constraints. However, you will not continue to receive mail from the LCBO once you request removal of your name.
ONLINE REGISTRATION:
You do not have to register to visit LCBO Websites. However, you may need to register and provide your personal information to be able to use some of the features offered through our Websites. Your registration information is used to provide and administer the service you requested.
CONTESTS, COMPETITIONS, CO-BRANDED PARTICIPATION, AND PROMOTIONS:
When you enter a contest, competition or participate in a promotion, we may collect your personal information. We use this information to administer the contest, competition or promotion including contacting, announcing and promoting prize winners. At the time you enter the contest, competition or promotion, we may obtain your consent (i) to send you future promotional communications, and/or (ii) to disclose your personal information to a third party sponsor of the contest, competition or promotion, as specified at the time of collection of your personal information. We do not control the use, disclosure or security of your personal information by third party sponsors, and recommend that you review their privacy notices or statements.
MARKET RESEARCH:
We collect personal information for market research purposes. For example, we may ask you to provide postal code information or to participate in surveys or other customer research. Participation is voluntary. The information obtained through market research is used in an aggregated, non-personally identifiable form. We use this information to help us understand our customers, to enhance our product and service offerings, promotions and events, and/or to assist in the selection of store locations. This information may be made available to third parties acting on behalf of LCBO, who have agreed to comply with appropriate privacy standards.
CUSTOMER SERVICE:
When you contact the LCBO with a comment, question or complaint you may be asked for contact information that identifies you (such as your name, address and a phone number) and the information needed to help us answer your question or respond to your comment or complaint.
CALL RECORDING:
We may monitor and/or record telephone discussions when you call the LCBO to enhance customer service, for training purposes and to confirm our discussions with you.
SOCIAL NETWORKS:
LCBO may use accounts on social networks, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and others to promote our products and services.
The LCBO’s social media accounts are publicly accessible, and your posts, comments, and replies to, and mentions of, LCBO may be publicly visible, depending on your privacy settings. Your privacy and the retention of information on social media accounts are governed by the privacy policies of the parties that operate these social networks. Some social networks may allow you to control the information you make available to the LCBO and others. Users should review and agree to privacy agreements and terms and conditions of the parties that operate these networks prior to participating. We do not have any control over such platforms, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked platforms collect, use, disclose, secure and otherwise treat your personal information.
The LCBO may collect and measure information available to us about social media activity in order to provide content that is relevant and potentially interesting to users of these social media platforms.
THIRD PARTIES ACTING ON LCBO'S BEHALF
We will not transfer personal information to third parties, except to service providers who have agreed to comply with appropriate privacy standards, in order to perform services for the LCBO (e.g., email deployment, direct mailing, research and surveys, credit card processing, etc.). The LCBO does not sell or rent our customer lists to outside agencies and/or our trade partners. Personal information supplied to the LCBO will not be used to place you on any mailing lists without your expressed consent.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
LCBO Websites may contain links to other sites that LCBO does not own or operate. We will not provide any of your personal information to these third parties without your consent. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to the user. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked website. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations may use your personal information.
NON-PERSONAL DATA AGGREGATION
The LCBO may use personal information that you provide to the LCBO for the purposes of research, to inform operations, and for communications planning. This data may be made non-personally identifiable by aggregating your information with data pertaining to other individuals, or removing personally identifiable details. Aggregate information obtained through cookies may be disclosed to third parties, but no personal information that identifies you will be released.
COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGY
Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser, and can be one of two types. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer's hard-drive when you visit certain websites, while session cookies expire when you close your browser. The LCBO may use either or both types of cookie. Session cookies facilitate your use and navigation of our sites, while persistent cookies identify your browser and IP (Internet Protocol) address, but do not collect personally identifiable information such as your name, address, and credit card data.
You can set your Internet browser to refuse to accept cookies from LCBO websites. Some browsers can be set to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when you receive cookies. If you choose to modify your browser, some pages of the Website may not function properly.
LCBO uses web analytics tools to analyze the information generated through the use of cookies to look at statistically aggregate information that may be used for operational purposes.
HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURED AND PROTECTED?
The LCBO maintains your personal information in a combination of paper and electronic files. Recognizing that your privacy is important, LCBO employs technical and physical security measures to protect your personal information. However, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure since "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. Consequently, the LCBO does not represent, warrant, covenant or guarantee the complete security of the personal information you provide to the LCBO.
ACCURACY AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The LCBO will make reasonable efforts to update or correct your personal information when you request it as long as it does not compromise LCBO’s privacy or security interest. You can contact the LCBO’s call centre to change your information and account preferences.
The LCBO will keep your personal information for as long as it remains necessary for the identified purposes or as required by law, or in accordance with our retention schedules, which may extend beyond the termination of our relationship with you. The LCBO reserves the right to maintain personal information records for both active and inactive (i.e. unsubscribed) customers.
CHANGES
The LCBO reserves the right to change this Customer Privacy Policy by posting a changed Customer Privacy Policy on its www.lcbo.com Website, and you are advised to review the www.lcbo.com Website regularly for any changes. This Customer Privacy Policy & Security Statement was last updated on September 1st, 2016.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions concerning the LCBO Customer Privacy Policy, please contact the FOI & Privacy Analyst at:

Freedom of Information and Privacy Office
55 Lake Shore Blvd. East
Toronto, Ontario, M5E 1A4
Telephone: 416 864-2462 
Fax: 416 864-6854
E-mail: foi.privacy@lcbo.com
