
Coming soon - Land Channel is going to be updatedAfter 1 July 2018, all information currently available through this Land Channel site will be available through updated and improved services.The current Land Channel is on out of date technology and is to be replaced by a modern, user-friendly gateway to land information and other services. It will be available on any device and will provide easy access to current land information.Over the next few months, we will be working on improving the reporting services, displaying new cartography in updated Interactive Maps, improving the search functionality and other services, so please watch this space.For more information please contact gis.helpdesk@delwp.vic.gov.au.Privacy commitmentThe Land Channel is committed to protecting your personal information consistently with principles set out in the Victorian Information Privacy Act 2000.If you have any queries about our privacy policy please contact us at gis.helpdesk@delwp.vic.gov.au.The Land Channel delivers content and services on behalf of a number of government departments and agencies. This includes services and transactions delivered and maintained external to the Land Channel infrastructure by the individual government departments or agencies responsible for their provision.While the privacy principles outlined above apply to all service applications delivered on this site, you are advised to refer to any specific privacy and security provisions associated with each individual application. Collection of Personal and other informationThe Land Channel collects only personal information that you voluntarily provide. Land Channel may request you to provide certain personal information that is necessary for that function or activity of Land Channel. For example, if you are making a purchase you will ordinarily be asked for your name,
  contact information and credit card details. If you do not provide that personal information the transaction can not be processed. Land Channel also collects anonymous information through its Web server and via an external service Nielsen//NetRatings (see http://www.nielsen-online.com/intlpage.html Statistical Collection Methods). The information is collected for statistical purposes only to assist us to improve our service.
  At no time can we personally identify you as the source of the data.SecurityThe Land Channel and its e-commerce provider will take all reasonable actions necessary to protect your personal and credit card details with respect to confidentiality and security of data. Credit Card details are encrypted for your protection using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Both credit
  card and personal details are stored within a secure password protected environment. Your credit card number is not retained by Land Channel after the transaction. All data provided will only be used for the purpose authorised by or reasonably contemplated by an individual to whom it relates. These details
  will not be disclosed to a third party except as required by law.As some of the Land Channel pages are displayed inside 'web frames', you will not see the closed padlock symbol when using Netscape or the key symbol when using Microsoft Internet Explorer. This is because the independent navigation 'web frames' surrounding the pages do not utilise SSL. This in no
  way affects the level of security offered by SSL on the credit card information you submit.Your right to access and correct personal recordsAccount holders have the opportunity to update and amend information held by us. This information is only accessible through a user-created "User Name" and "Password". If you believe we hold personal information about you, you can ask for a copy of your personal data by sending an email to gis.helpdesk@delwp.vic.gov.au or by writing to us at PO Box 500, East Melbourne, 3002. You can ask us to correct, update or amend the information we hold about you. Before we send you any personal data, you will need to provide evidence of your identity.
  If you do not provide evidence of your identity, the Land Channel reserves the right to refuse access to the personal information held.Statistical Collection MethodsClickstream DataClickstream data refers to visitor logs and statistics that provide useful information about users' online experience without identifying individuals. Typical clickstream data collected includes:visitor's computer address (ie Internet Protocol, or IP, address) and relevant domains;times and dates of site visits;pages accessed (including most visited and least visited) and files downloaded;browsers and operating systems used by visitors.Land Channel uses clickstream data purely for statistical purposes (such as the most popular searches and the times of the day that Land Channel is used most/least) without identifying individual users. CookiesThe Land Channel website uses 'cookies' (small data files) that are sent to your web browser. Cookies may give the server information about a computer's identity and website visiting patterns and preferences but do not collect personal information.Most features of the site can be used without accepting cookies. Some interactive features and all account and purchasing services utilise cookies to establish a unique link between your browser and our service to enable delivery of the service. Once you have finished your visit the cookie is removed
  from your browser. No personal information is collected or maintained through the use of the cookie.Web BeaconsA web beacon is a technology that records web page usage statistics. Land Channel uses web beacons to collect clickstream data, but does not use beacons to identify individual users.

