

Choose Language /
        Escoja el Idioma


 
 
 

 
CubaGenWeb Privacy Policy

Home
Getting Started
Lookup
Queries
Sources
References
Links
Shop

 
 


CubaGenWeb does not sell, rent, exchange or otherwise disclose 
          our mailing lists or information about our site visitors.


CubaGenWeb does not track individual visitors to our Web site. 
          Our site captures limited information about visits to our site, but 
          we use this information only to analyze general traffic patterns (e.g. 
          what pages are most/least popular, what country our visitors are from, 
          etc.) and to perform routine system maintenance (e.g. find broken 
          links).


When you click on an advertiser's link, the advertiser  may employ tracking techniques   to insure that transactions originated through CubaGenWeb are properly atributed to CubaGenWeb and generate commissions for CubaGenWeb. Advertisers, through their affiliate programs, are solely responsible for the use of these tracking techniques and retain sole right and title to all advertising-related content.


If you choose to e-mail us and provide personally identifiable information 
          about yourself, we will not use the information for any purpose other 
          than to respond to your inquiry. 


We actively discourage you from posting personal information to the CUBA mailing list or on the Cuban Surname BBS. Be 
          warned that contents of Internet mailing lists may be archived and 
          re-published by third parties unrelated to CubaGenWeb or to 
          our list host Rootsweb. We are unable to recall or erase any messages 
          sent through the CUBA list. We can, however, delete any posting 
          to the Cuban Surname BBS at the request of the original poster. 
          Be aware, however, that postings to the Cuban Surname BBS are currently being automatically forwarded to the CUBA list.


We have no control of the privacy policies of other web sites unrelated 
          to CubaGenWeb. We provide links to external web sites based 
          solely on the possible utility of their content for genealogical activities. 
          The existence of such a link does not mean that we are aware of or 
          endorse the privacy policies, if any, of that site.


If you are concerned about on-line privacy and censorship issues 
          we encourage you to visit the web sites of the Center 
            for Democracy & Technology and the Electronic 
              Freedom Foundation.

If you live in the US and are tired of receiving phone calls at dinner 
	    time trying to sell you something, you can now register your home and 
	    cell phone numbers with the federal government's National 
	      Do Not Call Registry. Most telemarketers should not call your after 
	    your number is on the list for 3 months. If they do, you can register 
	    a complaint at the same web site and they can be fined. Registration 
	    is free of charge and valid for 5 years.

If you, like us, are tired of receiving "spam" e-mail messages, 
	    we highly recommend ChoiceMail 
	      One spam control software. Although it takes a little effort to 
	    set up, this is the most effective solution we have found to date. The 
	    program allows you to preview the contents of messages without downloading 
	    any images, even invisible ones, thus avoiding signalling the sender. 
	    It is fully featured with customizable "white list", "black 
	    list", accept and reject rules, filtering based on the IP address 
	    that the message is trying to send you to, filtering based on content 
	    and an optional challenge/response mechanism. A free version is available 
	    with some reduced capabilities. If you would like to purchase a copy 
	    of the full version and at the same time help CubaGenWeb with a small 
	    comission, use this 
	      link. 

 
| CubaGenWeb
          Home | Getting Started | Lookup | Queries | Sources | References | Links | Shop |
CubaGenWeb Privacy Policy - Updated
           10-Jun-2007 
        
Copyright © 2007-2010 - Ed Elizondo
       
            
      All Rights Reserved - Todos los Derechos Reservados
advertisements

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
     
    
    
      
        FIRST NAME
LAST NAME
LOCALITY
    
    
      
        
    
    
     
    
  






 
 

