
            We may use your information in various ways to serve you better as a customer and provide an improved online experience. The table provided below outlines how and why we use your Personal Data:
          



                Info Category
              

                How we use it
              

                Why we use it
              



                Name and Contact
              

                Deliver your purchase
              

                To fulfill our contract as retailers and send you moto stuff
              



                 
              

                Send you order updates through email and text
              

                To fulfill our contract as retailers and send you order updates
              



                 
              

                Send you info on products and articles
              

                To keep you up to date. This is only with your permission.
              



                 
              

                Fraud prevention and detection
              

                To prevent and detect fraud against you and/or RevZilla
              



                 
              

                Show you ads while you're browsing the web
              

                So you can see our latest products and deals. This is only with your permission.
              



                 
              

                Find out what you and other customers like
              

                To ensure we're giving you what you want and to stay ahead of competition. This is only with your permission.
              



                Birthday
              

               Fraud prevention and detection
              

                To prevent and detect fraud against you and/or RevZilla
              



                Riding Style
              

               Show and send you updates on the appropriate products
              

                So you can see what you want to see faster. This is only with your permission.
              



                Gender
              

               Show and send you updates on the appropriate products
              

                So you can see what you want to see faster. This is only with your permission.
              



                Physical Traits
              

               In the private version of your Account for Customer Service
              

                So Customer Service can help find you the right gear
              



                Payment
              

               Take payment and provide refunds
              

                To fulfill our contract as retailers
              



                 
              

               Fraud prevention and detection
              

                To prevent and detect fraud against you and/or RevZilla
              



                Order History and Saved Items
              

               To sell you things
              

                To fulfill our job as retailers / allow you to buy moto stuff
              



                 
              

               Provide customer service, support, and handle returns
              

                To fulfill our job as retailers
              



                 
              

                Find out what you and other customers like
              

                To ensure we're giving you what you want and to stay ahead of competition
              



                Contact History
              

                Provide customer service and support
              

                To fulfill our job as retailers / help you with all your moto needs
              



                 
              

                Train our staff
              

                So we can provide the best customer service possible. This is only with your permission.
              



                Device and Usage
              

                To improve our website and set default options
              

                To give you the best shopping experience. This is only with your permission.
              



                 
              

                Protect our website
              

                To prevent and detect fraud against you and/or RevZilla
              



                Info from Linked Accounts
              

                So you can log into our website easily
              

                To make it easier for you to use the website and purchase moto stuff
              



                 
              

                To provide product recommendations
              

                So you can the our latest products and deals specific to your liking. This is only with your permission.
              



                Responses to Surveys, Competitions, and Promotions
              

                Run surveys, competitions, or promotions
              

                To fulfill our contract as retailers and provide you opportunities to win awesome stuff. This is only with your permission.
              


