The following describes the general categories of personal data that we may process, the purposes for which we may process the data, and the legal bases of the processing.The following describes the general categories of Personal Data that we may process, the purposes for which we may process Personal Data, and the legal bases of the processing. In the case of Personal Data we did not obtain directly from you, we describe the source and specific categories of that data collected.We may collect and process information related to your transactions with us.   These transactions include purchases of goods and services that you enter into with us and/or through our website or websites linked to our Site, via phone or email interactions with our employees, or retail locations (“Transaction Data”).  The Transaction Data may include your contact details (such as company, name, or phone number), and the transaction details.  The Transaction Data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our website and business.  We may collect and process data related to your account (“Account Data”).  The Account Data may include your name, title, postal and email address as well as payment information.  The source of the Account Data may be you or your employer when you are acting in a business capacity for your employer. The Account Data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our Sites and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and RevZilla and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.  We may collect and process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding goods and services (“Inquiry Data”).  The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and RevZilla and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.  We may collect and process data about your use of our Sites and services and in our stores (“Usage Data”). The Usage Data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the Usage Data may be cookies, analytics tracking systems or other technologies.   This Usage Data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing your use of our Sites and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent.  See below for further details on “Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies.”We may collect process data about you to ensure security of your Personal Data and our IT systems.  The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the safe and secure:  (1) administration of our Sites, (2) use and storage of business information and, (3) communications with users and customers.  We may collect and process information that you provide to us for the purpose of providing you with additional information on our goods and services, subscribing to our email notifications, and/or newsletters to keep you up-to-date on RevZilla products, events and news (“Notification Data”). The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent, or your implicit consent if you are a customer.  We may collect and process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“Correspondence Data”). The Correspondence Data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication.  Our Sites will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the specific Site contact forms. The Correspondence Data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our Sites and business and communications with users and customers.We may collect and process your Personal Data where necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure, an investigation, or other legal matter. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.We may collect and process your Personal Data where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.We may collect and process the personal information included in your personal profile on our Sites or in our stores (“Profile Data”). This Profile Data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, motorcycle riding style, vehicles owned or of interest, gender, and date of birth, interests and hobbies including social network profiles. The Profile Data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our Sites and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent. We may collect and process information, including contact details in our stores or at events (name, postal address, email address, phone number)  that you provide to us for the purpose of providing you with additional information on our goods and services, subscribing to our email notifications, newsletters, catalogs, mailings to keep you up-to-date on products, events and news (“Notification Data”). The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent or your implicit consent if you are a customer.