The following describes the general categories of personal data that we may process, the purposes for which we may process the data, and the legal bases of the processing.We may collect and process information related to orders you place with us. These orders include purchases of goods that you make through our site. The order data may include your contact details (name, postal address, email address, or phone number), and the order details. The data may be processed for the purpose of delivering the purchased goods and proper record keeping of orders. The legal basis for this processing is for the performance of a contract between you and us for any order you placed with us and for our interests in the proper administration of our website and business.We may collect and process data related to your account and profile. The account and profile data may include personal data including name, postal address, and email address as well as payment details. This data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.We may collect and process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding goods we sell on the site. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.We may collect and process data about your use of our site. This usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data may be Cookies, analytics tracking systems or other technologies. This data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing your use of our site. The legal basis for this processing is consent. See below for further details on “Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies.”We may collect and process data about you to ensure security of your Personal Data and our IT systems. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the safe and secure administration of our site, use and storage of business information, and communications with users.We may collect and process information that you provide to us for the purpose of providing you with additional information on our goods and services, subscribing to our email notifications, and/or newsletters to keep you up-to-date on our products, events and news. The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent, or your implicit consent if you are a customer.We may collect and process correspondence data contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us. This correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our site will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the specific site contact forms. This data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and for record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our sites and business and communications with our users and customers.We may collect and process your Personal Data where necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure, an investigation, or other legal matter. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.