
  Collection of your personal information
When GAP Akis Express collects any personal information on our corporate website, we will express our need for the personal data at the point of collection. Personal information is any information that can be used to identify an individual, and may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, title, occupation, and other information required to provide a service, deliver a product, or carry out a transaction you have requested. Some of the reasons we collect your personal information include:

participation in discussion groups
collaboration efforts
registration to membership programs or newsletter subscriptions
provide registered users a more personalized and meaningful experience on the GAP Akis Express website.

 Uses of your personal information
We will only use your personal information in the way we specified when it was collected. We will not subsequently change the way your personal information is used without your consent. Some of the ways we may use your personal information include:

To provide the ability to create personal profile areas and view protected content.
To provide the ability to contact you, and provide you with shipping and billing information.
To provide customer feedback and support.
To provide contests, sweepstakes or other marketing or promotional activities on the gapakisexpress.com or affiliate websites. Personal information may be collected to administer those programs.
To conduct questionnaires and surveys in order to provide better products and services to our customers and end users. Your completion of any questionnaires is voluntary.
To support recruitment inquiries.
To understand more about you, so we can personalize newsletters and websites to your preferences. For example, allow you the opportunity to request specific information on products and services that may be of interest.
To allow you to forward information to another individual such as a friend or co-worker.GAP Akis Express does not store the personal information of the third party. We collect the information for the sole purpose of sending a one-time email. If you choose to use our referral service to inform a colleague or friend, we will only ask for a contact name and email address.
To meet contract obligations.

  Accessing and updating your personal information
We need your help in keeping the personal information you have shared with us accurate and up to date. Please notify us of any changes to your personal information.
Most of our sites allow you to make these updates yourself online via a particular program’s member pages
 Unsubscribing
Subscriptions to the website and  newsletters can be managed through the gapakisexpress.com website. In addition, each email newsletter includes instructions on how you can unsubscribe from that particular mailing.
You may also unsubscribe from GAP Akis Express’s website and newsletters by sending an email,  including your name, email address and the title of the marketing material you wish to unsubscribe from to: info@gapakisexpress.com
 
  Non-personal information collection
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third-parties for marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so.
 Sharing your personal information
In some instances, GAP Akis Express may collect non-personal (aggregate or demographic) data through cookies, web logs, and web beacons. This information is used to better understand and improve the usability, performance, and effectiveness of the gapakisexpress.com website.
We may share your personal information within GAP Vassilopoulos Group or any of our worldwide subsidiaries for purposes of data processing or storage.
We may also share your personal information with authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to provide a requested service or transaction. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We only provide third-party agents with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to complete the requested service or transaction.
We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your personal information and other related information, if necessary. We also may choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We may collect and possibly share personal information and any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of GAP Akis Express’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
While navigating GAP Akis Express web site you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted by a third party supplier, not on gapakisexpress. com . This is typically done to host special events, such as contests. When information is collected on behalf of GAP Akis Express exclusively, GAP Akis Express’s  privacy policy will be referenced on the site and will govern how your information is used. For other, GAP Akis Express sites, the site owner’s privacy policy will be referenced. It isGAP Akis Express’s practice to require such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent withGAP Akis Express’s privacy and security policies.
We will ask you for your opt-in consent to share your personal information with a third party for any other reason.
  Personalization
We may customize websites or newsletters for certain users based on the information they previously provided or that was collected through gapakisexpress.com websites in order to enhance the overall web experience.
 Security of your personal information
GAP Akis Express is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. We utilize a combination of security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
When we transfer sensitive personal data (for example, credit card information) over the Internet, we protect it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology.
While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit.
We recommend you to take every precaution in protecting your personal information when you are on the Internet. For example, change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser.
 Cookies
GAP Akis Express websites utilize cookies, although you can still access most of them even if you choose to disable cookies in your browser. Some websites will not allow you to complete certain activities if cookies are disabled.
We use multiple third parties to monitor web traffic, statistics, advertisement ‘click-through’, and other activities on GAP Akis Express’s site. Where authorized by GAP Akis Express, such third parties may use cookies, GAP Akis Express’s web log files, web beacons, and other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous aggregate statistics on GAP Akis Express’s website visitors.
We also include web beacons in HTML-formatted e-mail newsletters in order to count how many newsletters (or particular articles, links, etc.) are being accessed.
Current versions of web browsers offer enhanced user controls regarding the placement and duration of both first and third party cookies. Search for “cookies” under your web browser’s Help menu for more information on cookie management features available to you.
 Data retention
GAP Akis Express will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
 Linked websites
Our websites may provide links to other third-party websites which are outside our control and not covered by this policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) sites.
  Newsgroups/forums
GAP Akis Express newsgroups and forums are public. Please consider this before posting material to them.
  Children’s privacy
GAP Akis Express does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data from our systems. GAP Akis Express encourages parents and guardians to go online with their children. Here are a few tips to help make a child’s online experience safer:

Teach children never to give personal information (such as name, address, phone number, school, etc.) unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult.
Know the sites your children are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
Look for website privacy policies. Know how your child’s information is treated.

 Transfer of personal information
We may transfer your personal information to GAP Vassilopoulos Group, to any GAP Vassilopoulos Group subsidiary worldwide, or to third parties acting on our behalf for the purposes of processing or storage.
 Need assistance?
Need help with an update, access, or unsubscribe request? Please contact us by sending an email on info@gapakisexpress.com . To aid in processing your request, please include the following details:
 Policy updates
The GAP Vassilopoulos Group Privacy Policy has been recently updated.
Last update: 25 September 2014

