
 Effective Date: 15/05/2018
G.A.P. Vassilopoulos Group and its associated companies, (collectively, “GAP Group“, or “we“or “us” or “our”) are committed to safeguarding your privacy. In this Privacy & Cookie Policy (“Policy”) We explain to you what information we may collect, use, share and store about you, and the choices and rights that are available to you. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
We comply with the relevant Data Protection legislation as set forth by the European Union regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information.

About GAP Group
Through our network of specialized operating companies, GAP Group is a contemporary and adaptive organization, operating within the services sector by providing a variety of related services under one roof as a one-stop shop. Using our industry expertise, we have developed a full suite of service solutions. To learn more about the details of our services offerings, please click here.

When this Policy Applies
This Policy applies to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information in relation to G.A.P. Akis Express Ltd, member of G.A.P. Vassilopoulos Group,through our website(s) and content that link or refer to this Policy;
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the practices of third parties that GAP Group does not own or control.

What is in this Policy?
Collection & Retention of Personal Information
 Use of Personal Information
 Cookies and Online Tracking
 Sharing Your Personal Information
 International Data Transfers
 Your Privacy Rights
 Security of Your Personal Information
 Children’s Privacy
 Marketing Preferences
 Changes to this Policy
 Contacting Us

 Collection & Retention of Personal Information
 “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. We may collect Personal Information for the shipper and the consignee such as:

General identification and contact information

 Your name, address, telephone details and email address;

Identification numbers issued by government bodies or agencies or passport number;
Marketing preferences and customer feedback

 You may let us know your marketing preferences or other means of sale promotion;
In case you apply for a vacancy at G.A.P. Akis Express Ltd we will collect any recruitment information submitted to us in addition to the above mentioned categories, to assess your application 
including but not limited to past employment experience, references, education history and other.
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers, you confirm that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information 
in accordance with this Policy. You also agree to inform the individual about the content of this Privacy Policy.
We collect information submitted to us

Through our online services: We may collect Personal Information when you communicate with us via online chat services, inform us of any special requests or preferences you may have, or sign up for a newsletter or participate in a survey, contest, or promotional offer.
Through our offline services: We may collect Personal Information from you offline, such as when you visit our Stores, Branches and/or Service Points and receive any of our services, or contact customer service.
Through other sources: We may receive your Personal Information from third parties. This may include information from other partners.

Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain technical information from visitors to our Site(s), such as the Internet protocol (IP) address of their device, their login information, browser
 type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platforms.
Retention of Personal Information: Information submitted to us abide to strict confidentiality principles and advanced security policies. 
We will keep your Personal Information as long as it is necessary, as required by law.
When we destroy Personal Information, we will use safeguards to prevent unauthorized parties from gaining access to the information during the process.
What if I do not agree with this Privacy Policy?
If you do not agree to our processing of your data in the manner outlined in the Policy, please do not submit any Personal Informationto us.
Use of Personal Information
The Personal Information we collect, will be used only as described in this Policy.

We use this Personal Information:

To the extent of our business, of sending and receiving items/ envelopes/ parcels;
To inform you through an SMS at no extra cost about the status of your delivery;
To send you administrative information, marketing communications, promotional offers, periodic customer satisfaction, market research or quality assurance surveys (to the extent permitted after we have obtained your consent);
To allow you to participate in contests and other promotions and to administer these activities;
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, security and fraud monitoring and prevention (including through the use of closed circuit television, and other security systems), enhancing, improving
or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities;
For ensuring valuable items/ envelopes/ parcels are delivered to the correct consignee;
To support recruitment process;
Resolve complaints, and handle requests for data access or correction.
Comply with applicable laws and regulatory obligations (including laws outside your country of residence), such as those relating to anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism; comply with legal process; and respond to requests from public and governmental authorities (including those outside your country of residence); and
Establish and defend legal rights; protect our operations or those of any of our group companies or business partners, our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our group companies, you or others; and pursue available remedies or limit our damages.


 Cookies and Online Tracking
A browser cookie is a small file saved on your hard drive when you visit certain websites. Browser cookies store information that a web site may use for a variety of purposes such as to personalize your experience and to gather web site statistical data, such as which pages you visit, what material you download, your Internet provider’s domain name and country, and the addresses of websites you visited immediately before, and after, visiting a particular web site. You can configure your browser to accept or reject browser cookies or to notify you when you are offered a cookie so you can accept or reject it.
 When you visit the G.A.P. Akis Express Ltd Website, we will place browser cookies on your hard drive to collect and store your preferences for viewing the Website, such as whether you disable Flash so that youwill not have to do so for subsequent visits. In addition, the Website uses cookies to provide a unique identifier to your computer so that we can generate statistics regarding usage of the Website, such as the percentage of repeat visitors and other general statistics, determining the effectiveness of advertisements, and sales generated through advertisements. You may not be able to use some services on the Website if you disable your browser from accepting cookies. When you visit the Website, our strategic partners may also place browser cookies on your hard drive.

Sharing Your Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information to any affiliate within GAP Group for use in accordance with this Privacy Statement. This includes our subsidiaries, affiliates and our ultimate holding company.

Our service providers
 We may disclose Personal Information to our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, payment processing, marketing agencies, auditing and similar third-party vendors and outsourced service providers that assist us in carrying out business activities.
Authorised Sub-agents and other contractors

By using our services through an authorized Sub-Agent you disclose your Personal Information to an authorized third-party to carry out the service. We may also share your personal information with authorized third-party contractors in order to provide a requested service or transaction. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We only provide third-party agents with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to complete the requested service or transaction.
In addition, we may share and disclose Personal Information about you with in the following circumstances:

Compliance with laws: We may disclose Personal Information to a third party where we are legally required to do so in order to respond to or comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, legal process or government requests, including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights: We may collect and possibly share Personal Informationand any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law, including without limitation to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We also may disclose your Personal Informationto third parties when we choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
With your consent: We may disclose your Personal Informationfor other purposes with your consent.

Your Personal Informationis never sold, rented or leased to any external company.

International Data Transfers

Transfers to service providers & suppliers

In certain circumstances information that we collect about you may be sent to suppliers and service providers that are either based outside of the EEA or have servers based outside of the EEA. Countries outside of the EEA protect information differently, and so where we do transfer your information to suppliers based outside of the EEA, we will take all steps necessary to ensure that it is adequately protected and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to relying on any appropriate cross-border transfer solutions such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses 
or the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework.

Transfers to Group companies

As a global company, we may transfer Personal Informationfor certain services to GAP Group companies and third parties located anywhere in the world that may be outside your country of residence for storage and processing in order to provide the GAP Services. These countries may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive as those in your country or residence. We will however protect your Personal Informationin accordance with this Policy and applicable law wherever it is processed.

Your Privacy Rights
You have certain rights under applicable data protection laws, which include the right (i) to request a copy of your Personal Information, (ii) to request access, rectification or erasure; 
(iii) to restrict the processing of your Personal Information and recall your consent where applicable; and (iv) to submit a complaint to the Commissioner’s Office for the Protection of Personal Data. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Information. All the above are subject to the business relationship you have with us and any applicable prevailing legislations.
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below so that we may assess your request and determine, 
under applicable law, whether we are in position to comply with your request.

Your Choices:
Cookies and other similar technologies: For information about how to disable selected cookies and other similar tracking technologies from collecting information on the GAP Services to third party properties, 
please see the Section headed “Cookies and Online Tracking”.
Marketing preferences: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related material from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out by following the instructions in the “Marketing Preferences section”.

Security of Your Personal Information
We are committed to protecting the Personal Information you share with us. We use appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or unlawful access, use or disclosure, and from accidental loss, destruction or damage.
We support online security using secure server technology because we want your data to be safe. We use state-of-the-art security arrangements and facilities on our Sites and through the GAP Services to maintain data security. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet cannot be guaranteed 100% completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Informationthat is transferred over the internet.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.

Children’s Privacy
GAP Group services are not intended for use by children under the age of 14. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 14. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 14, we will delete that data from our systems unless we have the explicit consent from the parent/guardian.

 
Marketing Preferences
We will provide you with regular opportunities to tell us your marketing preferences, including in our communications to you. To tell us your marketing preferences and to opt-out, you can contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.

Receiving e-mail messages and text messages from us:  If you no longer want to receive marketing-related e-mails or text messages from us on an ongoing basis, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related messages by clicking on the link to “unsubscribe” provided in each message or by contacting us.
Receiving telephone communications and postal mail from us:  If you no longer want to receive mobile messages, telephone communications or postal mail from us on an ongoing basis, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related communications by contacting us.
Our sharing of your Personal Information with our group companies for their marketing purposes:  If you would prefer that we do not share your Personal Information on an ongoing basis with our group companies for their own marketing purposes, you may opt-out of this sharing by contacting us at the above addresses.

We aim to comply with your opt-out request(s) within a reasonable time period.  Please note that if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared your Personal Information
(i.e., to those to whom we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date on which we respond to your opt-out request).  Please also note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still send you other important administrative communications from which you cannot opt-out.

 
Changes to this Policy
We will update the “Effective Date” at the top of this page to indicate the date from which any changes take effect. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Any revised Privacy Policy will only apply prospectively to Personal Information collected or modified after the effective date of the revised policy. Customers & Website visitors are responsible for periodically checking the Privacy Policy posted on the Website for changes.

 
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or if you wish to exercise Your Privacy Rights please contact:
G.A.P. Vassilopoulos Group
 20 Strovolos Av.,2011 Strovolos,
P.O. Box 23897, 
1687, Nicosia, Cyprus
ATTN: Privacy Team
 Tel: 22710000
Website:www.gapgroup.com/contact
Email: privacyofficer@gapgroup.com 

