
We fully respect your right to privacy  and undertake to only collect data as required to deliver the services you need,  or with your clear permission and consent. In addition, we are required to implement  statutory regulations in civil aviation as part of our role as an airport  operator. The reasons for processing  your data may include the following:
1.    Delivering the passenger  experience –  our job is to get you through your airport journey as smoothly and comfortably  as possible. Due to the highly regulated nature of air travel, we are required to process data for safety and security reasons as described in detail below.
2.    Providing additional services  at the airport – we provide additional services which you may choose to use to enhance your  journey. In providing these services to you, we may need to gather some data. For  example, these services may require that we process payments, and keep your  name and other details, such as car registration and email address; we may  gather details of your travelling companions or special dietary needs to enable  us to plan and deliver the relevant travel services. Additional services we deliver directly include:
2.1. Car parking services  to provide you with access to the most convenient parking locations – click here for further details and our  Car Parking Privacy Statement.
2.2. Fast Track services to save  you time getting through Security Screening – click  here for further details and our Fast Track Privacy Statement.
2.3. Lounge services to help you  relax or do some work before you fly – click  here for further details and our Lounge Privacy  Statement.
2.4. Airport Club services – membership provides  convenience and unlimited access to services such as Airport Parking Security  Fast Track, and Lounges in both Terminals 1 and 2 – click  here for further details and our Airport Club Privacy Statement.
2.5. Platinum Services – our suite of travel  services to optimise your journey includes premium departures and arrivals  facilities, private check in, dedicated Security Screening, suites and  chauffeur-driven escort to your plane – click here for further details and our  Platinum Services Privacy Statement.
2.6. The Loop Retail Services –  Duty Free  –  for in-store purchases, we do not collect personal data (we do not retain  payment data in our shops). However, in  order to provide duty free prices, we collect flight details as provided on  your boarding card. The information collected  is limited to the item purchased and flight information such as the airline and  destination details. See  here for the loop.ie and see here for Privacy Statement  details.
2.7. The Loop Retail Services –  ‘Click & Collect’ – we offer a ‘Click & Collect’ service that  requires us to collect information to enable us to identify you at the point of  collection and to communicate with you if you ask us to – see here for the loop.ie  and see here for Privacy Statement details.
3.    Providing free wi-fi while  you use our airports –  under Irish law, all ‘Internet Service Providers’ or ISPs are obliged to  maintain records of internet access for a period of 12 months. As we do not collect your name as part of the  wi-fi sign-up, we store the IP address assigned to you and the MAC address of  the device you used to access to wi-fi service.  We keep these records as required by law.
4.    Protecting the welfare of  passengers, visitors and staff at Dublin Airport – we may need to record  personal details relating to any individuals involved in incidents or accidents  in the airport or its environs.
5.    We  may also perform statistical analysis on  passenger and customer flows to improve our services and plan for future  enhancements to our airport facilities – in this situation, we will anonymise  your data before any analysis is performed so we cannot identify you.
6.    Ensuring the safety and  security of civil aviation – this includes CCTV and Queue Measurement:

6.1. Safety  and Security – Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) – as the operator of Dublin Airport and Cork Airport, daa are obliged to keep the airports and their environs safe  and secure. To assist us in this, we  operate CCTV security systems both landside and airside and our Airport Police  manage these important security controls.  CCTV images of you are considered to be personal data and we carefully  safeguard access to these images. We  retain all CCTV footage for 30 days.
6.2. Safety  and Security – Queue Measurement – we are also obliged by statutory regulations  in civil aviation to measure how long it takes to get you safely through the security  screening process. We do this by monitoring passengers’ mobile devices while they  move through the screening area. We only access the MAC address of your wi-fi  or Bluetooth interface, and purge this data after six (6) years. You  are free to switch off your wi-fi or Bluetooth as you go through security or  the airport generally if you wish.
6.3. If  you use the automatic border controls such as passport e-readers, you may be  required to provide personal data. This  system is controlled by Irish Naturalisation & Immigration Service (INIS) for  the purpose of border control.
6.4. If purchasing goods from the  retail outlets post US Preclearance, officially known as US Customs &  Border Patrol (USCBP), your passport may be requested to verify your age and  residency status. We are required to collect this data under the terms of the treaty  to implement USCBP agreed between Ireland and the USA.
6.5. If  travelling to the USA, you may have been asked to provide some personal  information in advance. You may be asked  to provide additional details at US Preclearance, officially known as US  Customs & Border Patrol (USCBP). This information is collected by USCBP and  daa has no access to this data. Click here for additional information on US Customs & Border Patrol. 

