
whychristmas Cookies & Privacy 
Data Privacy Statement
1. Personal data
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the ‘GDPR’).
2. Data Controller
James Peter Cooper is the data controller (contact details below). This means I decide how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
3. How do we process your personal data?
I comply with my obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use personal data for the following purposes:

to reply to any questions asked by contact made through the website (i.e. by the contact form);
to allow me to follow up through media interviews, etc.;

When someone visits my website (whychristmas.com) I use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. I do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
I use a third party provider, Wufoo, to process the contact form on our website. For more information, please see the privacy notice at SurveyMonkey Inc (Wufoo's parent company) [https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy-policy/]. The information is stored in a secure and encrypted manner at Wufoo.
I may pass your information to third party service providers who we have engaged for the purpose of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf. I disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service.
I have verified that these third party services are GDPR compliant (or are working towards GDPR compliance), and are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework (or are working towards certification) where these organisations are based outside of the EU.
4. What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?

Contractual necessity so that we can reply to you;
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations to your work/contract with us.

5. Sharing personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential. I will only share your data with third parties with your consent.
6. How long do we keep data?
I keep data for as long as I need to be able to contact you to reply to any questions.
7. Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:

The right to request a copy of the personal data which JPC-DESIGN holds about you; 
The right to request that JPC-DESIGN corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for JPC-DESIGN to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time;
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data;
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.

8. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
9. Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please, in the first instance, contact James Cooper at james@jpc-design.com
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113, or via email via https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Cookies Policy
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.
To learn more about cookies, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org. You will also find details on how to block and delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
The Cookies We Use
Google Analytics – These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
This data helps us to understand:

Which pages people visit on the site
Which internet browsers are being used
What is popular on the site
Which interactive tools are used by visitors

You can find out more about Google’s cookies on their privacy policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out tools in your browser: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on the this website.
External Links
James Cooper is not responsible for the availability or content of external sites that may be linked to, from the site. If you find a broken link or if you have any questions or concerns about a link, please contact us.

