
    Privacy Policy HOPLR

Date of last revision: 25 April 2018
1. General

    HOPLR (“HOPLR”, “we”, “us”) offers a private social network platform for your local
    neighbourhood, focusing on social interaction and engagement between residents in a certain
    neighbourhood, and with limited access on such platform solely to the local neighbourhood
    relevant for you (the “Platform”) via www.hoplr.com (the “Website”) (“Services”). A User of the
    Website (“User”, “you”) may exchange goods or services with other Users, launch initiatives,
    announce activities, submit reports or get to know other Users better by registering a personal
    account on the Website (the “Account”).
    You might not always be aware, but using our Website implies sharing some Personal Data with
    HOPLR. According to the legal definition, personal data is any data related to an identified or
    identifiable natural person (“Personal Data”). It is sufficient to qualify as Personal Data if the
    data allow us to lay a, direct or indirect, link between one or more data pieces and a natural
    person.
    We consider the protection of your privacy to be very important and want to be very clear about
    this, therefore we have prepared this Privacy Policy. HOPLR shall solely use your Personal
    Data for purposes mentioned in this Privacy Policy and we shall not disclose your Personal Data
    to any natural or legal person or entity other than HOPLR (“Third Party”), unless stated
    otherwise in this Privacy Policy.
    The collection and processing of Personal Data is governed by strict legislative conditions in
    order provide you, as a User, the necessary guarantees that your Personal Data will not be
    inappropriately disclosed. Each processing shall therefore always be consistent with the
    applicable privacy legislation, this is the Belgian Privacy Act of 8 December 1992 on the
    protection of privacy regarding the processing of Personal Data (“Privacy Act”).
    This Privacy Policy applies to the relationship between HOPLR and the User. HOPLR
    undertakes to process, store and utilize the User’s Personal Data in accordance with this
    Privacy Policy and in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act.
    While using HOPLR and its Services, we assume that each User has taken note of this Privacy
    Policy and accepts the collection and processing of Personal Data by HOPLR in accordance
    with this Privacy Policy.

2. Personal Data we collect



            Contact information (e.g. your name, postal address, e-mail address);
        

            The profile data provided by you on your Account (e.g. profile picture, date of birth,
            gender, personal and professional interests, social network profile, job, pets,
            demographics, and password);
        

            The profile data as provided by you on your social network profile and as collected by
            HOPLR upon registration of the User through this social network profile, as well as
            afterwards upon synchronisation, for as long as the User consents hereto (e.g. User
            likes, User activities, User friends);
        

            Information in helpdesk support inquiries;
        

            Web behaviour information such as information related to how the Users use the
            Website (e.g. browser type, domains, page views) collected through cookies and other
            automated technology (section 7 ‘Cookies’);
        

            Location information allowing HOPLR to determinate a User’s location.
        

    We shall solely store your Personal Data on our servers located in the European Economic
    Area.
We may collect several types of Personal Data from the Users of our Website, and store it on our servers such as:We shall solely store your Personal Data on our servers located in the European Economic Area.3. What are the purposes of the data collection and processing?

    In general, HOPLR collects your Personal Data for an overarching goal: offering each User of
    the Website a safe, optimal and personalized experience. Dependent on whether the User
    makes intensive use of the Website or relies on certain Services, the collection of Personal Data
    may be more extensive.
    The purposes for data collection and processing may include (collectively the “Purpose”):


            providing you access to and participation on the Website, the Platform and the Account,
            and the use of the Services;
        

            creating and managing your Account in order to use the Website;
        

            providing you with information from HOPLR such as notifications on use, maintenance
            and warnings, but also personal messages;
        

            diagnosing technical problems and managing technical support and processing inquiries
            concerning the Website;
        

            contacting the Users to (i) send promotional materials or other communications,
            communicate about, and organize your participation in market research or (ii) obtaining
            testimonials or other promotional material;
        

            performing data analyses (including anonymization and aggregation of Personal Data);
        

            the operation, evaluation and improvement of the Website (including the development of
            additional products and/or services, enhancing and improving the current Website,
            analysis of our Website, quality control activities and performing internal business
            functions such as accounting and auditing);
        

            protecting against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and
            other liabilities;
        

            complying with and enforcing any applicable legal obligations, our Terms of Use and
            Privacy Policy.
        

    Furthermore, you agree that HOPLR is free to access, retain, and disclose Personal Data in the
    following activities:


            in order to be in compliance with any applicable legislation or regulations;
        

            if a law enforcement authority or other government official requests so;
        

            to enforce the HOPLR Terms of Use or Privacy Policy;
        

            the investigation of any suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity; and
        

            to protect User’s or HOPLR’s safety and/or rights.
        

HOPLR (i) collects, (ii) uses, (iii) maintains and (iv) may share the Personal Data provided by the User or collected by HOPLR with its affiliates, parent companies or other related companies for all purposes necessary to ensure the proper functioning and operation of the Accounts and/or the proper (technical) functioning of the Website. HOPLR may share Personal Data provided by the User or collected by HOPLR for all purposes necessary to provide the Services.In general, HOPLR collects your Personal Data for an overarching goal: offering each User of the Website a safe, optimal and personalized experience. Dependent on whether the User makes intensive use of the Website or relies on certain Services, the collection of Personal Data may be more extensive.The purposes for data collection and processing may include (collectively the “Purpose”):Furthermore, you agree that HOPLR is free to access, retain, and disclose Personal Data in the following activities:4. User registration

    HOPLR requires Users to register an Account in order to participate on the Platform. Every User
    is and remains in control with regards to all information, data, texts and images uploaded on the
    Website or his Account, including Personal Data (“Data”) in accordance with the Terms of Use.
    You may register on the Website by signing up via your e-mail, or through any of your social
    network profiles, such as Facebook. We shall collect your Personal Data from such social
    network profile solely for the purpose of creating your Account and providing information on the
    Account, as well as keeping your Personal Data up-to- date by regular synchronisation.
    In order to get access to your local neighbourhood group on the Platform, we must ask your home address in order to ascertain that you actually live in that particular neighbourhood. Then, a one-time access code (“Access Code”) is requested that was sent to your home address through an invitation letter. Access to the closed group of your local neighbourhood on the Platform shall be solely granted after validation of your Access Code on the Website or after approval by one of the founders.
    Please be aware that any Data provided by you on the Platform is also accessible and visible
    towards other Users, unless you have indicated that you do not wish certain Data to be public.

5. Security

    HOPLR shall take appropriate administrative, technical and organizational measures against
    unauthorized or unlawful processing of any Personal Data or its accidental loss, destruction or
    damage, access, disclosure or use.
    In the event of and following discovery or notification of a breach of the security of the Personal
    Data, or access by an unauthorized person, HOPLR is required by law to notify the User if the
    breach is likely to affect your privacy.

6. Cookies

    When using the Website, HOPLR may collect certain information by automated means, such as
    cookies (small text files stored in your browser) and similar technologies, including mobile
    application identifiers, to improve User’s experience of the Website, increase security, measure
    use and effectiveness of the Website, identify and resolve issues and marketing purposes. We
    may also use cookies and other automated means for purposes such as management of the
    Website and other aspects of the commercialization of our business.
    The information we collect in this manner includes IP address, browser characteristics, device
    characteristics, operating system version, information on actions taken on our Website (such as
    usage, activity logs and click-throughs), and dates and times of visits. Log data is promptly
    deleted on a regular basis.
    You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools. You may be able to set
    your browser to disable, clear, reset or block the use of cookies or similar technologies. Please
    note, however, that without cookies the Website may not work properly or you may not be able
    to use all of its features.
    Third Parties may also use cookies to collect information about User’s activities on our Website
    to understand and continue improving the performance of our Website. Please check the
    relevant Third Party’s website for more information about their use of cookies as they will use
    cookies in accordance with their own cookies policy, which may differ from our policy.
    
        By continuing to use our Website, you consent to the placement of cookies and other
        automated means in your browser in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
    

7. Disclosure to Third Parties

    Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose your
    Personal Data to Third Parties without obtaining your prior explicit consent, unless this is
    necessary for the Purpose set out in this Privacy Policy, or unless we are required to do so by
    law.
    In the event of full or partial merger with, or acquisition of all or part of HOPLR, HOPLR may
    transfer your Personal Data to a Third Party. In such event, HOPLR shall impose this Third
    Party to use any Personal Data strictly consistent with this Privacy Policy.
    We may also share Personal Data with Third Party cloud providers and service providers who
    help us to provide, understand, commercialize and improve the Website. We do not authorize
    these Third Party service providers to use or disclose your Personal Data except as strictly
    necessary to perform any services under our supervision or to comply with applicable
    legislation. We seek to provide any such Third Party service provider with only the Personal
    Data they need to perform their specific function.
    In any event, such Third Party service providers shall be obliged to treat your Personal Data in
    accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, we cannot be held liable for any damages,
    whether direct or indirect, that may result from the misuse of your Personal Data by such Third
    Party service providers.

8. My rights as a data subject?


        
            My right to object to data processing
        
        Each User can oppose the processing of his Personal Data by HOPLR at any time.
        We may solely use your Personal Data to contact you through mail for direct marketing
        purposes in the event that you have explicitly consented hereto. If you have consented
        hereto in the past, and you no longer want to receive suggestions and/or direct
        marketing through mail, you may at any time unsubscribe.
        
            My right of access
        
        If you are concerned or have any questions about your Personal Data, and you can
        prove your identity, you have the right to request access to your Personal Data which
        HOPLR holds or processes about you. We will then provide you with information about
        the Personal Data that is being processed and on the source of such Personal Data.
        
            My right to correct and my right of erasure
        
        You have the right to request us, free of charge, to correct, erase or block any
        inaccuracies in your Personal Data, if such Personal Data would be incomplete,
        inaccurate or processed unlawfully.
    
    Please note that you can change your Account Information at any time through the settings on
    your Account.
    You have the right to request us, free of charge, to erase all your Personal Data collected,
    stored and processed by us, without unreasonable delay. The erasure is mainly related to the
    visibility, so it is possible that the deleted Personal Data remains temporarily stored, however
    HOPLR shall take all reasonable steps to erase all Personal Data to the maximum extent
    possible.
    The User shall be able to exercise the abovementioned rights, or pose any questions
    concerning this Privacy Policy, through a signed, written request to HOPLR, by post to Hoplr
    NV, Waterhoenweg 3, B-9160 Lokeren, or by e-mail at info@hoplr.com.
Ensuring a safe and lawful processing of Personal Data, each User can be assured that his Personal Data is being processed in a fair and lawfully manner. This means that the Personal Data will only be processed for the above explicit and legitimate Purpose. HOPLR also ensures that the processed Personal Data is always adequate, relevant and not excessive.Please note that you can change your Account Information at any time through the settings on your Account.You have the right to request us, free of charge, to erase all your Personal Data collected, stored and processed by us, without unreasonable delay. The erasure is mainly related to the visibility, so it is possible that the deleted Personal Data remains temporarily stored, however HOPLR shall take all reasonable steps to erase all Personal Data to the maximum extent possible.The User shall be able to exercise the abovementioned rights, or pose any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, through a signed, written request to HOPLR, by post to Hoplr NV, Waterhoenweg 3, B-9160 Lokeren, or by e-mail at info@hoplr.com.9. Data retention and deletion

    We may retain information regarding you and your use of the Website, including Personal Data,
    for as long as reasonably needed to provide you with the Services and the Purpose described in
    this Privacy Policy. Afterwards, the Personal Data of the User shall be deleted.
    In the event that you have registered for an Account, please note that we retain your Personal
    Data even if you temporarily stop using such Account, until you permanently delete your
    Account. Up until deletion of the Account, we may retain and continue to use your Personal
    Data.

10. Third Party websites or applications

    You acknowledge and agree that certain content or services provided by Third Parties may be
    made available to you through the Website or your Account. You agree that such linked content
    or services may have their own privacy policies for which HOPLR cannot be held responsible.
    HOPLR does not in any way review or endorse the privacy practices of such Third Parties.

11. Updates or changes to our Privacy Policy

    It is possible that our Privacy Policy is subject to future modifications and amendments to allow
    us to use or share your previously collected Personal Data for other purposes. If HOPLR would
    use your Personal Data in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of the
    collection, we will provide you with a notice on our Website indicating that the Privacy Policy has
    been changed or updated.

Data Controller:
    Hoplr NV
    Waterhoenweg 3
    B-9160 Lokeren
    Tel: 0485513384
    Email: Hoplr NVWaterhoenweg 3B-9160 LokerenTel: 0485513384Email: info@hoplr.com 