Mapping Your Future gathers information from you in order to help us design our website to better meet your needs and to make the financial aid process easier for you. Mapping Your Future does not share your personally identifying information with third-party marketers. We gather and retain information in the following ways:

When you're viewing the site:

    When you view the Mapping Your Future site, we identify which browser you're using, where you linked from and to, and which part of the site you viewed. We keep statistics about the use of our site to determine ways to make the site better. Identifying your IP (Internet Protocol) address helps diagnose problems with the server and to administer the site. An IP address is the numerical address assigned to your computer, based on where and how you are signing on to the Internet. 
We use cookies to keep track of sessions in specific secured areas of the site. Mapping Your Future does not store any personally identifying information in cookies. Recording a cookie makes your online experience easier and more personalized. Mapping Your Future only creates cookies for each session, and those cookies are cleared when your Mapping Your Future session terminates. If you set your browser to reject or prevent cookies, you may limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our site.
 When you're submitting a question or comment to Mapping Your Future:

    When you submit a question or comment to Mapping Your Future, the information is available to Mapping Your Future professional staff and sponsors. Your question or comment may be sent to the appropriate person (such as a customer service representative at a sponsoring agency or to technical staff) for response or to make revisions to the site.
 When you're participating in a voluntary survey: 

    When you participate in a survey, the information is available to Mapping Your Future professional staff and sponsors. Your comment may be sent to the appropriate person (such as a customer service representative at a sponsoring agency or to technical staff) for response or to make revisions to the site.
 When you're participating in Online Counseling:

    When you complete an Online Counseling session, you are asked to provide your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, Social Security number, birth date, the name of the school you're attending, and possibly information for your parent, spouse, next of kin, expected employer, and references. This information may be shared with your school, lender, and/or guarantor to verify that you have completed counseling, though for a limited period of time. Those entities may share your information with other organizations as authorized under routine uses in the appropriate system of records and as may be authorized or required by federal regulations. 
If you do not wish to provide this information online, you must contact your school to request an alternative method of fulfilling your counseling obligation.
 When you're participating in MappingXpress:

    When you complete a MappingXpress session, you are asked to provide your name, birth date, and other identifying information your school has selected. This information may be shared with your school to verify you have uploaded documents through the MappingXpress service. Your school may share your information with other organizations as authorized under routine uses in the appropriate system of records and as may be authorized or required by federal regulations.
 When you subscribe to a Mapping Your Future newsletter: 

    When you sign up for a Mapping Your Future newsletter, we collect e-mail address, and in some cases, your state, which is added to Mapping Your Future's subscriber database. This information is used to generate a mailing list for the electronic newsletters. Mapping Your Future does not share any of this information with third parties. 
  
