Visiting freeads.co.uk with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies tells us that you want to use freeads products and services and that you consent to our use of cookies and other technologies to provide them to you as described in this notice. Read more about cookies and how we use them.


How we will use your personal data
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data") including browser type and version, IP address, location, operating system, length of visit, referral source, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your usage. The source of this usage information is our server logs and analytics tracking system, Google Analytics (which does not store any personally identifiable information). This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is to improve our service and build a better site for you to use.
We may process your information included in your My Profile section ("profile data"). The profile data may include your name, email address, postcode, telephone number, profile picture, gender, date of birth, interests & hobbies. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely [the proper administration of our website and business]] OR [the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at you request, to enter into such a contract] OR [[specify basis]].
Partners
freeads.co.uk works with selected partners. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of partner or other sites. We encourage you to be aware and to read the privacy policies of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy policy applies only to information collected on freeads.co.uk. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of partner or other sites. 


Third Party Advertisers and Cookies
We have relationships with third-party advertising companies to drive traffic to and to serve ads on freeads.co.uk. We share Clickstream Data and Non-Personally Identifiable Information with such advertising companies. Such companies may also collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of Cookies and other technology and any personally identifiable information you may choose to give in registering and transacting with any website linked to such ads. Although we choose our business partners and clients carefully, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of these third-party advertisers to determine how they handle any information they collect from you.


Voluntary Information
We may ask for further information about you as part of online surveys or if you enter any competition or other promotional feature. This information will be used to enable us to improve the relevant publication, product or service and may also be disclosed to other companies as specified in the relevant promotion.
Access to Data
Under the Data Protection Act 1988, you have the right to be told what personal information we hold about you on our databases. 
Contact
Freeads Classifieds Ltd4 Downmill RoadBracknell RG12 1QS 


