



DistroWatch Privacy Policy





DistroWatch Privacy Policy





 
DistroWatch Privacy Policy




DistroWatch Privacy Statement

                Personal information, such as your name, address or email address that you entrust to DistroWatch will not be shared with any third-party without your explicit permission to do so. We do not sell or rent our mailing lists to third parties.
                We also use cookies on our website in order to save your language preferences and to highlight new content on our front page that has been posted since your last visit.
Third-Party Advertising

                We use various third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here.
Third-Party Cookies

                In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Cookie notification bar

Readers visiting this website from the European Union will be shown a banner at the bottom of the page, informing them that this website makes use of cookies. (See above for examples of local and third-party cookie use.) We display this banner in order to comply with European Union law. Please see this document (in PDF format) for further information on European Union regulations.

Readers who consent to cookies being delivered to their computer can continue to browse DistroWatch without taking any further action. If, however, you wish to opt-out of using cookies, most modern web browsers will allow you to disable cookies used by this website. The following paragraphs explain how to turn off web browser cookies when visiting DistroWatch.

Chrome/Chromium
Click the Menu button and select Settings. In the window that appears, click the Advanced settings link at the bottom of the page. Scroll down to the Privacy section and click the button labelled Content settings.... Under the Cookies header, click the Manage exceptions button. In the box marked Hostname pattern type distrowatch.com and change the Behaviour drop-down box to Block, then click Finished.

Firefox/Iceweasel
Click on the Menu button, click on Preferences and then select Privacy when the settings window appears. Find the "Accept cookies from sites" option and click the Exceptions... button that appears next to this text. In the "Address of website" box, type distrowatch.com and then click the Block button. Then click Save changes.

Opera
Click the Opera button, select Settings from the Opera menu. In the Settings window that appears, click Privacy & security from the side menu. At the bottom of the page, under the Cookies section, click the Manage exceptions... button. In the Hostname pattern box, type distrowatch.com and change the Behaviour drop-down box to Block. Finally, click the Done button.

Internet Explorer
Click the Tools menu and then select Internet Options. In the window that appears, click the Privacy tab. Click the Sites button. In the Address of website box, type distrowatch.com and then click Block. Finally, click the OK button.














 Copyright (C) 2001 - 2016 Unsigned Integer Limited. All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Privacy policy.DistroWatch.com is hosted at Copenhagen and mirrored at Wien.যোগাযোগ, সংশোধন এবং পরামর্শ: Jesse Smith 




