
 
Privacy
 
 
Collection
We may collect personal information about you:

When you register for an online account.
When you contact us to enquire about this site or any of our products or services.
Through your use of this site and the services and functionality offered through it.


 
Use
We will only use personal information about you for the following reasons:

To create an online account for you.
To record and process your orders.
To add to our database so we may inform you of specials, promotions, offers and events via email or post.
To improve the products and services we offer through this site.
To respond to your queries.
Any other reasons which we may notify at the time the information is collected.


 
Disclosure
We may share your personal information:

To our group companies or service providers (e.g. in order to store the information).
Where the disclosure is in connection with one of the purposes for which the information was collected (e.g. to courier companies to enable deliveries).
Where we are required or authorised by law to make disclosure.

Except as provided above, we will not share your personal information with any other third parties.


 
 
Retention and Security
We will not hold your personal information for longer than is required for the purpose(s) for which it was collected.
We will ensure that security safeguards protect the information and we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that information will not be disclosed to any unauthorised person or organisation.


 
 
Access and Correction
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information held by us is accurate and up-to-date. You are entitled to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not we hold personal information about you and you are entitled to reasonable access to this information. You may also request:

That we correct this information if it is inaccurate; and
That your details do not appear on our database.

 
You can make changes to your personal information on the "My Account" page, by contacting us using the "Contact Us" page on this site, or by calling our free phone number - 0800 732 351.
 
 
