
Your Rights, Privacy and Data Protection
Other Terms and Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions relate only to new customers registering online. If you are an existing customer, please sign in to view the Terms & Conditions that relate to your own account.
Website and Catalogue Privacy Statement
Oxendale & Co Limited ("we", "us") is the data controller for the purposes of the Data 
		Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 (as amended) ("Data Protection Acts"). Oxendale & Co Limited 
		is part of the N Brown Group plc group of companies ("N Brown Group"). We do not collect 
		any personal Data about you either by telephone and/or on our website, www.oxendales.ie, 
		(the "Website") unless you choose to provide it to us voluntarily. If you decide to place 
		an order with us, there is certain personal information that we will require from you in 
		order to process your order. This might include your name, delivery address, credit/debit 
		card number and expiration date, billing address, e-mail address, telephone number, your 
		age, occupation, and style interests. 

Information We Collect

We may also collect the following data about you either by telephone or on our Website:

Information that you provide either over the phone or by filling in forms on our 
			Website including information provided at the time of registering as a customer with 
			us and/or registering to use our Website, subscribing to any service which we provide, 
			posting material or requesting further services. 
We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion, and 
			when you report a problem with our Website
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, 
			although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out by telephone and/or through our Website and 
			of the fulfilment of your orders.
Details of calls made to us and/or your visits to our Website.

How We Use Your Information

		 We primarily use your information to provide you with the goods and services which you 
		 order by telephone and/or through our Website. We will also use your information, 
		 including data concerning your shopping habits (for example your personal preferences 
		 and spending patterns) as follows:
		

To open and manage your account with us;
To process payments and orders made by you;
To process applications for credit made by you;
For credit purposes we will use your information and we may also consult with a 
            credit reference agency, e,g, Irish Credit Bureau, in order to assess your credit 
            application and credit record . The relevant credit agency will record the search. 
            This information may be shared with other lenders for the purposes of credit granting 
            decisions relating to customers and occasionally for tracing debtors and fraud 
            prevention.
            
For both your protection and our protection, we will assess your orders and 
            applications for credit for risk of fraud and fraud prevention. For fraud and fraud 
            prevention purposes we will use your information to carry out fraud and security checks
            and we will pass your information to a third party, such as CyberSource, to assist us
            in conducting such fraud and security checks. CyberSource use the information you 
            provide us and information which we may already hold about you in order generate a 
            fraud score based on a specific criteria. We will then use this fraud score in 
            addition to the other information we hold about you in order to make a decision 
            on your order and applications for credit;
We may use automated decision making systems when assessing you for credit and 
            for fraud prevention;
To verify your identity;
To monitor unusual/suspicious activity on your account;
For payment recovery and debtor tracing purposes;
To monitor and record telephone calls with you to for verification purposes, 
            fraud prevention and training purposes.
 

Marketing Preferences


         We (or an affiliated third party) may wish to contact you about other products or 
         services. If you would like to change / alter your current marketing preferences on your 
         account, please contact Customer Services on 01 8300 800.
        

When We Disclose Your
				Information

We may disclose your personal information:

Where you expressly authorize us to do so;
As necessary to provide products and services to you;
As necessary for credit assessment where you have indicated that you wish to avail 
			of our credit facilities
As necessary to allow our contractors or agents to provide services for us;
If we or the N Brown Group, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a 
			third party in which case personal information held by us about customers will be one 
			of the transferred assets and, in which case, we may disclose your personal information 
			to the actual or prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
To other companies within the N Brown Group, which means our subsidiaries, our 
			ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, and other carefully selected third 
			parties (depending on your preferences and authorisations) who may contact you by post, 
			telephone (including sms/text messages) or email with offers which might interest you;
To protect you from fraud and theft, we may pass on personal information that we 
			obtain from you to organizations including law enforcement agencies, involved in 
			fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to 
			comply with any legal obligation; 
In order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply of 
			products and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our 
			parent company, our customers, or others;
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may 
			disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such 
			business or assets.
If Oxendale Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third 
			party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of 
			the transferred assets
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply 
			with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Website terms of use 
			and/or other agreements we have with you; or to protect the rights, property, or 
			safety of Oxendale Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging 
			information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud 
			assessment, fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


Where We Store Your Information

The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a 
			destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by 
			staff operating outside the EEA who works for us or for one of our suppliers. Such 
			staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the processing of your request for 
			information and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, 
			you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably 
			necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this 
			Privacy Statement.
			
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have 
			given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain 
			parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We 
			ask you not to share a password with anyone.
            
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely 
            secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot 
            guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is 
            entirely at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use 
            strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
            

Access to Your Information and Your Rights

You have a right to request access to any personal information which we hold about 
            you and your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Data Protection 
            Acts. You may lodge an access request for free, but depending upon the personal 
            information you request, we may impose a small administrative charge to recover our 
            costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. We will 
            notify you of any such change upon receiving your access request, and confirm whether 
            you wish to proceed and pay such charge. If you have any queries or wish to make an 
            access request please contact the Data Protection Compliance Officer at Oxendale & Co 
            Limited, Woodford Business Park, Santry, Dublin 17. When you contact us by phone your 
            calls may be monitored or recorded for training purposes.
            
You also have the right to a have changed any inaccuracies in the details we hold 
            about you, the right to object to the use of your data and the right to block any 
            specific uses of your data by contacting us using the contact details below.   
            

Queries

If you have any queries please contact the Data Protection Compliance Officer at 
            Oxendale & Co Limited, Woodford Business Park, Santry, Dublin 17 or by 
            telephone on 01-8 300 800.
Right of Refusal
Please note that Oxendale & Co. Limited reserve the right to refuse new customers orders for certain goods (in particular electrical products, computers and computer games) until new customers have built up an appropriate trading history with us.  Your order may be refused even after you sign up for a credit account.  It is within our sole discretion to refuse any order, or part of it, as we see fit.
We also reserve the right to restrict or refuse credit.
Price Policy
The goods and services featured on this website are only available to persons resident in the Republic Of Ireland 
	   and The Oxendales Group T/A The Oxendales Group, Oxendales, Simply Be, Jacamo will not accept orders from outside 
	   the Republic Of Ireland.
When you submit an order via our website you will immediately receive an e-mail acknowledging your order. 
	   This e-mail does not constitute an acceptance of your order by us.  
	   Your order has only been accepted and a contract formed between you and us when we despatch the goods to you.
We describe every item across our websites as accurately as we can, and we believe they represent excellent value 
	   for money. Technical errors or mispricing may occur which we will rectify as soon as possible.  Placing a product 
	   in your bag does not reserve or guarantee the price shown at the time as it is possible that a product's price may 
	   increase or decrease between you placing it in your bag and the completion of your purchase.
If our prices alter for any reason (upwards or downwards), we will notify you at or before the time we complete 
	   your order.  All orders are subject to our acceptance. Acceptance of your order and the formation of the contract 
	   between you and us will take place when the goods are despatched to you. On the rare occasions that there is an 
	   error in the catalogue or online, we will do our best to inform you at the earliest opportunity when you order 
	   or before you receive the goods. We reserve the right to adjust the price of products to take into account any 
	   change to taxes or duties. Finally, all our products are subject to availability. Your rights are also protected 
	   under the European Communities (Consumer Credit Agreements) Regulations 2010.
YOU MAY PRINT OUT AND KEEP A PERMANENT COPY OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR REFERENCE BY CLICKING HERE

Our Delivery Service
Payment Options
Returns
Your Credit Summary
Your Rights, Privacy & Data Protection
The Environment & Other Useful Information


