Our Privacy Promise to YouBy choosing USAA, you have expressed confidence in our ability to serve you. We take this responsibility seriously and we diligently safeguard your personal information.We don't sell your information. We share information outside of USAA only as permitted by law for our everyday business purposes.Your information is confidential. Our employees and the companies we contract with are obligated to hold member information in the strictest confidence.We protect your information. We have physical security on site, rigorous security procedures and world-class virus and intrusion detection software.  No action is needed if you agree with our privacy practicesHowever, you can opt out to limit the information we share and use within the USAA family of companies:View your privacy preferences orCall 1-800-531-7154 — our menu will prompt you through your choices.Your Personal Information and IdentityThere are precautions you can take to help protect your personal information and your identity online. Identity theft occurs when someone uses your name, Social Security number, credit card number or other personal information to purchase a product or service.Signs You Could be a VictimYou're not getting your bills or other mail.You see suspicious charges on your accounts.You get a credit card you didn't apply for.You're unexpectedly denied credit.You get information about services and products you didn't buy.Keep a clean machine. Having the latest security software, web browser and operating system are the best defenses against viruses, malware and other online threats for all your devices. Turn on automatic software updates if that's an available option.Protect your personal information. Make passwords long and strong, and create different passwords for each of your accounts. If you write down your passwords to remember them, make sure they are stored in a secure location away from your devices.Connect with care. Delete or mark as junk any suspicious links in email, tweets, posts and online advertising. If you don't know and trust the source, delete it. Limit the type of business you conduct in public Wi-Fi hotspots.Be web wise. Be wary of communications that ask you to act immediately or that ask you for personal information. Protect your valuable work, music, photos and other digital information by making an electronic copy and safely storing it.Be a good online citizen. Post only about others as you would have them post about you. Help the authorities fight cyber crime by reporting stolen finances or identities and other cybercrime to the Internet Crime Complaint Center at www.ic3.gov, and to your local law enforcement or state attorney general as appropriate.You can find more information about these and other online safety habits from STOP. THINK. CONNECT.™, the global cybersecurity awareness campaign launched in partnership with the U.S. government to help all digital citizens stay safer and more secure online.Social media can connect you with family and friends, colleagues and businesses in an online community. However, just as in real-world communities, you should be careful what you share and how you share it.Use Privacy ControlsPrivacy controls allow you to restrict who can see your profile and posts. Options change frequently and you should check and update your settings often.Watch What You PostWhen posting, keep in mind that even a deleted post may have already been copied and the content may still be in the provider's system even if you can no longer see it. You also shouldn't post significant information about family members, such as their birthdays, ages or even their names.Don't Reveal Too Much on the First DatePersonal information such as where you live, work or go to school could be used against you. Travel plans can give an indication that your home may be unoccupied. Identity thieves will read through your profile history which can paint a detailed picture of who you are.How and Where to Post PhotosPhotos taken with newer cameras and Smartphones can include your location embedded in the image. This can show criminals where you are even if you don't mention it in the post. The background of the photo may also give away information.PhishingSocial media has seen an increase in phishing as people migrate away from email. Beware of links from friends or business users whose accounts you have not verified. These links could infect your computer with malicious software and put your information and online activity at risk.When using a credit or debit card:Only carry the identification, credit and debit cards that you need.See if the card reader appears to be damaged or modified. If so, don't use it. Thieves sometimes use a tactic called skimming where they alter a machine to get a copy of your card information.Be aware of people and surroundings. Don't approach an ATM if you don't feel secure about its location or people around it. Protect your privacy by shielding the keypad with your hand or body while entering your PIN.Stash your cash. After completing your transaction, secure your card and cash immediately, before leaving the area. Count your cash later, in the safety of your home or locked car. Your card is like cash, so keep it in a safe place.Keep your card in sight. When completing a purchase in person, make sure you can see the cashier who takes your card whenever possible. If they leave the area and you feel uncomfortable, ask to speak to a manager. Make sure you check your statement and charges regularly, especially if you're worried about suspicious behavior.  Tell us about identity theft, lost cards

or suspicious activity.Report FraudQuestions?Call 1-800-531-7154 and ask to speak to a representative.Online Information PracticesProtecting your personal and financial information is a responsibility United Services Automobile Association ("USAA", "us", "our" or "we") takes very seriously. This Online Information Practices Notice ("Notice") applies to usaa.com, USAA Mobile Apps, and other sites or consumer applications owned and operated by USAA (collectively, our "Site"). This Notice describes how we may access, collect and use your information. We will use and share any information that we collect from or about you in accordance with the USAA Privacy Promise, the Youth Privacy Promise or the European Privacy Statement, as applicable.We gather information that helps us protect you, maintain the security of our website and apps, and for the purposes described below. When you visit or use our Site, we may collect personal information from or about you such as your name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number(s) (collectively, your "contact information"). Where we believe it is reasonably required for our ordinary business purposes, we may also collect payment card information, social security numbers, driver's license numbers (or comparable), and other information as described below. In certain circumstances, for example when you refer a friend to our Site or make a payment to your friend, we may ask for your friend's name, telephone number and/or email address to facilitate the service.The Types of Information USAA CollectsInformation ObtainedPurposePrevious URL you visitedTransaction information you submitted on our siteSite managementMarketingComplete transactionsRoutine business purposesSite navigation, pages you visited, time you spent on pagesPolls, surveys on our siteDisplay survey resultsMarketingPostings on our siteDisplay postingsRespond to postingMarketingMarketing Cookies and devicesDevice IdentifiersClicks on USAA ads and related pagesContact InformationSite ManagementMarketingRoutine business purposesNon-USAA AccountsDisplay accountsPersonal financial managementPayment transactionsMarketingSocial Media informationSite ManagementRoutine business purposesMarketingBiometric informationGeolocation informationSecuritySite managementMarketingWhen you download and use the USAA Mobile App, we also automatically collect information on the type of device you use and your device's operating system version.Other than where noted above, the purposes for which we collect the information are:How USAA Uses Your InformationSecurity PurposesMaintain a secure session.Authenticate your computer.Detect potentially fraudulent transactions.Verify transactions.Site ManagementProvide technical assistance.Tailor the content we display to you on USAA.com.Resolve performance issues with USAA websites.Improve search engine placement.Improve website navigation and page effectiveness.Perform analyticsMarketingOffer solutions that match your interests and needs.Follow up on transactions you initiate.Tailor the advertising displayed to you on third-party sites.Serve and tailor USAA ads displayed to you on third-party sitesGather information from outside sourcesWe also use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of the USAA Mobile App on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the USAA Mobile App.We contract with companies to distribute e-mails on USAA's behalf, perform analytics, and to deliver online advertisements on our Site, on other websites and on other applications. These companies may use third-party cookies, or other devices such as website scripting, pixels or action tags to collect anonymous information about you when you visit our Site. We use this information to learn which online advertisements attracted you, and to help us analyze our website and the effectiveness of our marketing. In addition, USAA uses first-party cookies for similar purposes. These cookies and other devices do not contain personally identifiable information about you.USAA uses social media information so we can improve our member service and provide you more personalized offers and experiences. When you share social media information with USAA by connecting your social profile to your USAA profile, you will be given a description of what may be collected.  Each social network provides different types of information. Facebook may provide your username, likes, public posts, and other basic data, while Twitter may offer your username, tweets, and basic profile. We may also use your contact information, such as your email address, to obtain your publicly available social media information from third parties.  USAA will be able to collect only the information that is made publicly available based on your Facebook and Twitter privacy settings, not your social account password or any non-public information. All social media information will be protected in accordance with our Privacy Promise. To learn more about protecting your privacy and password, go to USAA's Security Center.Interest-based advertising, also known as online behavioral advertising, uses information collected across multiple web sites that you visit in order to help predict your preferences and show you advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you. Third parties, including our service providers, use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites, including when you visit our Site. We use this information to provide relevant marketing to you when you visit our Site or third-party websites. We also use third-party Web beacons on our Site and on other sites to assist in managing and optimizing our online advertising. These third party cookies and other devices do not contain personally identifiable information about you.In providing interest-based advertisements, we follow the cross-industry Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance. To learn more about interest-based advertising, your choices regarding collection of your online browsing activity, or to opt out of interest-based advertising visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.  If you choose to opt out of interest-based advertising, a cookie will be placed on your browser indicating your choice. Because cookies are stored by your browser, any opt out election you make is valid only for the computer/browser combination used to opt out. Please note that even if you opt out of interest-based advertising, you may still receive advertisements from us, but they will not be customized based on your online browsing activities. Clearing your browser's cookies will remove your opt out since it is stored in a cookie, and you will need to opt out again.Our Site includes links to other websites and social media platforms such as Facebook or Twitter, whose privacy practices may differ from those of USAA. If you submit personal information to any of those sites or platforms, your information is governed by the privacy policies of those sites or platforms. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site or social media platform you visit.Keeping your account information accurate and current is very important. If your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please log into our Site and update your personal profile page. We will retain your information in accordance with our retention schedule as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.We may periodically make changes to this Notice. If we make any changes, we will revise the date at the bottom of this Notice. If we make any significant changes to our online information practices, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account profile) or by means of a notice on our Site prior to the change becoming effective. Your use of our Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Notice. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.Last updated July 24, 2015.  Tell us about identity theft, lost cards

or suspicious activity.Report FraudQuestions?Call 1-800-531-7154 and ask to speak to a representative.Your Privacy PreferencesNo action is needed if you agree with our privacy practices. However, you can opt out to limit the information we share and use within the USAA family of companies. Tell us about identity theft, lost cards

or suspicious activity.Report FraudQuestions?Call 1-800-531-7154 and ask to speak to a representative.