Privacy Policy
Overview of Privacy Policy
Exito Travel, our website and our blog wants to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy and we have agreed to disclose our information practices. If you have questions or concerns regarding our policy, please contact us.
What Information Do We Collect & How Do We use It?
We collect information from you to help us personalize and improve your Exito Travel experience, to process your online requests, and to send you communications to which you have Subscribed. You are required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
If you are buying an airline ticket from us, we collect personal information from you that we need to facilitate fast and efficient communication with you.  In addition, we only pass information to the airline that is required by the airline or the Transportation Security Administration (known as the TSA).
We also may collect your credit card information for purchases, including credit card holder name, credit card number, expiration date, CVV and billing address.  This information is saved on a secure server; please refer to the How Secure is My Personal Information? section below.   All the credit card information collected is limited to use within Exito Travel and is not used without your authorization.
Notice to California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third party to whom Exito Travel may have disclosed, within the past year, Personal Information (as defined herein) pertaining to you and your family for that company’s direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of Personal Information disclosed. To obtain such information, please contact us.
We Hate Spam & Fraud
Exito Travel does not share, sell, loan or give your email, name or other personal information to any other party or organization. We take the protection of your information seriously. We hate Spam and Online Fraud and we have taken a serious of steps to protect you.
Optional & Fully-Verified Opt-In Email Subscription Lists
We offer a number of free subscriptions to e-newsletters and e-lists.  You are NEVER required to sign up for any of these lists.
Additionally, we use fully-verified opt-in to prevent spam and ensure that any emails sent to you are because you have specifically requested it. Anyone can type an email address that does not belong to them into a form for more information. Only verified opt-in ensures that the email address entered actual belongs to the person who entered it.  
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communications or by emailing us at info@Exitotravel.com
Newsletters
If you wish to Subscribe to our newsletters, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you.  Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unSubscribe.  Please see the “Optional & Fully-Verified Opt-In Email Subscription Lists” section.
Exito Travel is the sole owner of the information collected on www.Exito Travel.com and blog.Exitotravel.com. Exito Travel collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Online Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer’s name. We do obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
If you authorize Exito Travel to publish your contact information for reference purposes to other future travelers on this site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of our page, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.  We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you authorize us to publish in the bulletin board/past participants page.
Service-related Announcements
Communications from Exito Travel
We may send you service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so.  For instance, if you purchase a ticket from Exito Travel, you will receive confirmation by email and via the US Postal Service to your mailing address.
Service Providers
We use the services of authorize.net and Verisign, a third party, to facilitate online payments on our site. When you initiate a purchase on our website, we will share your full name and billing information as necessary for the third party to provide that service.
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Cookies
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use session ID cookies.  We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser.
We set a session ID cookie to provide you with better information regarding what you might be accessing at that moment.   Session ID cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited.  Some of our business partners use cookies on our site.  We have no access to or control over these cookies. See “Third Party Advertisers.”
Legal Disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
How Secure is My Personal Information?
To protect your information, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software which encrypts all of the information that you input into our applications and credit card payment forms.
Concerning credit card transactions, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. To do this we use a payment gateway provided by a leading payment gateway provider, Verisign.
About Changes to This Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.  If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our home page.
This privacy policy was last modified on December 15, 2015. Exito Travel may revise this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes, we will post those amendments on our Web site so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it and how you can access or update your personal information.
