7. Credit Reporting Collection Statement
Your information is being collected by Origin Energy Limited (ABN 30 000 051 696) or one of its Australian subsidiaries (together, we or us). Our contact details are available at originenergy.com.au/contact or you can email us at: privacy@originenergy.com.au
We may collect, use, hold and disclose certain credit related information about you for the purposes of providing you with energy and related products and services and to process your payments for these products and services. Credit related information includes information such as your name and contact details, your credit history (including any repayments or late repayments you have made), details of any credit you have sought or obtained from other credit providers, any credit rating or credit assessment score that we calculate or that a credit reporting body might provide to us and details of any credit-related court proceedings or insolvency applications that relate to you.
We may collect credit related information about you from credit reporting bodies and other credit providers who have provided credit to you. We may use and hold this credit related information in order to conduct a credit assessment on you, to evaluate your credit-worthiness and to decide whether to provide you with energy and related products and services on credit. We may disclose your credit related information and your personal information to third parties, including debt collectors, credit management agencies, other credit providers, credit reporting bodies and government bodies and regulatory authorities (where required or authorised by law). Credit reporting bodies collect a range of credit related information about individuals and use that information to provide a credit-related service to their customers (which include us). 
The credit reporting bodies that we may disclose your information to are: 

Dun & Bradstreet (Australia) Pty Ltd (contact details available at www.checkyourcredit.com.au/ContactUs); and 
Veda Advantage Information Services and Solutions Limited (contact details are available at www.mycreditfile.com.au/support). 

If we disclose your information to other credit reporting bodies in the future we will update this collection statement. 
These credit reporting bodies may include your information in reports provided to other credit providers to assist them to assess your credit worthiness. If you do not pay for the energy and related products and services that we provide to you, if you commit fraud or try to do so, or if you otherwise commit a serious credit infringement, we may disclose this information to these credit reporting bodies. This may affect your ability to obtain credit in the future. 
We also have a credit reporting policy, which forms part of our general Privacy Policy. You may obtain a copy of the credit reporting bodies’ credit reporting policies by contacting them using the contact details set out above. 
We may also disclose credit relating information about you to third parties to whom we have assigned your debt. 
You have a right to access the credit related information that we hold about you, to correct that credit related information and to make a complaint about our handling of your credit related information. More information about how to access and correct the credit related information that we hold about you and how to lodge a complaint relating to our treatment of your credit related information (and how we will deal with it) can be found in our credit reporting policy.
You also have a right to request that credit reporting bodies do not use any credit related information held by them for the purposes of pre-screening any direct marketing by credit providers. If you would like to make such a request, please contact the credit reporting bodies using the contact details set out above. 
We disclose credit related information to third parties that provide services to us or that provide services to you on our behalf. We may hold this credit related information in, or may disclose this information to third party services providers located in, one or more overseas countries. Your credit related information may be held in New Zealand, the United States of America, India, the Philippines, Singapore, Vietnam, Chile, Botswana, Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. If your credit related information is held in other overseas countries in the future we will update this collection statement.
If you believe that you have been a victim of fraud or identity theft, you have a right to contact the credit reporting bodies and ask them not to disclose your credit related information. If you would like to make such a request, please contact the credit reporting bodies using the contact details set out above.
 
