
Privacy Statement of Grizzly Industrial速, Inc.
Information about our Organization and Web siteModem information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organization like Grizzly Industrial速, Inc. We are based in the United States of America.
Our principal activity is: The sale of Woodworking and Metalworking Machinery and accessories.
Our privacy policy covers Grizzly Industrial速, Inc. and its Web site:

Organization Name: Grizzly Industrial速, Inc.
                Address: P.O. Box 2069
                City, Zip: Bellingham, 98227
                State: WA
                Country: USA
                Web Site(s): grizzly.com

Providing Visitors with Anonymous AccessYou can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Web siteOur Web site does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. Our Web site does not include links to third party Web service providers.
Automatic Collection of InformationWe use cookies to improve the quality of service we provide and to make your shopping experience with us more enjoyable.
Children's PrivacyWe do not knowingly collect personal data from children. We take reasonable precautions to ensure that we do not collect data from children.
Disclosure and Visitor ChoiceWe do not disclose your personal data to other organizations.
Confidentiality / SecurityWe give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us the following types of personal data:

Primary personal data (such as name and contact details)
Identifiers (such as credit card details, Web site password)

We have implemented security policies, firewalls, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:

Unauthorized access
Improper use or disclosure
Unauthorized modification
Unlawful destruction or accidental loss

All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Privacy ComplianceWe comply with all privacy regulations applicable to our Website.

