
IFI is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information and procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
We use the information we collect about you to help efficiently administer our business and the services we provide to you in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. We take privacy seriously and endeavour to be as open as possible in terms of how your information is used.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
General Bookings
If you wish to book tickets using our Web Site, we will need to know your name, e-mail address and credit card details. We gather this information to allow us, our agents and sub-contractors to process your booking and to send you an e-mail confirmation of each booking.
Loyalty & Membership
If you wish to sign up to IFI Loyalty or Membership schemes, you will need to complete the registration process and we will need to know your name, contact details and areas of interest. We will use this information to communicate with you on any matter relating to provision of our services in general, which includes our email communications, containing information of upcoming attractions and information about special features of our Web Site or any other service or products which we think may be of interest to you. If at any time you decide you would rather not receive this information, please unsubscribe from these mailings. A facility explaining how to unsubscribe is available at the end of every correspondence.
External web sites
The website links to a number of external websites and then to the Internet and you acknowledge that your access of such websites will be subject to the relevant third party’s terms and conditions and that any information you provide to such third parties is subject to its own privacy policy. IFI has no control over how such information is used and, as such, any course of action you have regarding any alleged misuse of such information must be against the relevant third party. You acknowledge that the same information may be provided by you to both that third party and IFI, but only when specifically provided to IFI is it subject to this Privacy Policy.
What about “cookies”?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer. Our cookies contain information that we can use to identify you and allow us to efficiently operate the Login service. The information stored within the cookie is encoded and restricted so only IFI and its agents are allowed access. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
How does IFI protect customer information?
While the nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee the security of the information you transmit to us via the Internet, we follow strict security procedures (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access or loss. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose your sensitive information to you.IFI may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.Please note, however, that IFI may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties as a result of a court order or pursuant to a statutory or governmental order or decree or to comply with any search warrant or similar presented to IFI by any to law enforcement or government officer. The IFI may take photographs during public events in the IFI Foyer where audiences may on occasion be identified. On these rare events the public will be informed by signage that photographs are being taken but it is up to the IFI patron to inform our staff if there is an issue. Photographs will be used for the IFI website and social media networks unless otherwise stated.
Sale of business
In the event that our business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers’ advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
Your consent
By using our on-line booking service or by using Login and submitting your information you consent to the collection and use of that information by IFI as set out in this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will also e-mail to inform you of any changes. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your personal data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 we will update or delete your personal data accordingly. You can also update your own information by logging onto the website using your username and password.
 
