
This website is an initiative that is designed, created and coordinated by the Irish Film Institute (IFI) to promote and inform the public about the IFI’s work, as well as to engage The IFI’s audience.
 The Site is also used for on-line bookings to our events. We collect information presented by the consumer in relation to transaction such as name, address, contact details. This information is confidential and not shared with any other party. 
By visiting this Site, you are accepting the terms of this policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of those other websites
1. Purpose of policy
We are committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold about you. Using personal information allows us to develop a better understanding of our patrons and in turn to provide you with relevant and timely information about the work that we do. The purpose of this policy is to give you a clear explanation about how we collect and use the information we collect from. We use your information in accordance with all applicable laws (Data Protection Laws of 1988, 2003, and the General Data Protection Regulation of 2018) concerning the protection of personal information.
This policy explains:

What information we may collect about you
How we may use that information
In what situations we may disclose your details to third parties
Our use of cookies to improve your use of our website
Information about how we keep your personal information secure, how we maintain it for and your rights to be able to access it

If you have any queries about this policy, please email: info@irishfilm.ie.
2. Who we are 
The Irish Film Institute is Ireland’s national cultural institution for film. It provides audiences throughout Ireland with access to the finest independent, Irish and international cinema; it preserves and promotes Ireland’s moving image heritage through the IFI Irish Film Archive, and provides opportunities for audiences of all ages and backgrounds to learn and critically engage with film. More information about the IFI can be found here -http://ifi.ie/about/. The Irish Film Institute is a company limited by guarantee, incorporated on the 2nd June 1945 and is a registered charity with the Revenue Commissioners and the Charity Regulator. More about our governance can be found here http://ifi.ie/about/board/
3. Information collection 
We use the information we collect about you to help efficiently administer our business and the services we provide to you in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003, and the updated General Data Protection Regulation of 2018. We take privacy seriously and endeavour to be as open as possible in terms of how your information is used.
4. Information you give us 
General Bookings
If you wish to book tickets using our website, we will need to know your name, e-mail address and credit card details. We gather this information to allow us, our agents and sub-contractors to process your booking and to send you an e-mail confirmation of each booking. We also hold your contact details to contact you should there be a change in the event that you book for.
 Loyalty & Membership
If you wish to sign up to IFI Loyalty or Membership schemes, you will need to complete the registration process and we will need to know your name and contact details. You are also given the option to sign up for our email communications: to receive our weekly e-newsletter, or to manage your preferences of areas of interest and receive information related to that area. We will use this information to communicate with you only for the specific services that you have signed up to receive information on If at any time you decide you would rather not receive this information, please unsubscribe from these mailings. A facility explaining how to unsubscribe is available at the end of every correspondence.
Special categories of personal data
Data Protection law recognises that certain categories of personal information are
more sensitive such as health data, biometric data, genetic data, sexual orientation and religious beliefs. We do not collect this type of information about our patrons .
5. Information about your interactions with us
When you visit our website, we collect information about how you interact with our content. When we send you a mailing we store a record of this, and in the case of emails we keep a record of which ones you have opened and which links you have clicked on.
6. Third parties 
There are certain circumstances under which we may disclose your personal information to third parties. These are as follows:
To our own service providers who process data on our behalf and on our instructions (for example our ticketing system software provider). In these cases we require that these third parties comply strictly with data protection laws around security of personal data. IFI may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. All of these databases are hosted offsite, not on servers on The Ark’s premises. Only authorised, trained staff have access to these databases. We have Data Processing Agreements in place with these third party platforms.
Please note, however, that IFI may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties as a result of a court order or pursuant to a statutory or governmental order or decree or to comply with any search warrant or similar presented to IFI by any to law enforcement or government officer.
From time to time, IFI may run competitions or promotions in conjunction with third party organisations who may wish to access your information for promotional purposes. Access to this data will be collected on an opt-in basis, and agreeing to provide this information to a third party organisation will not be a condition of entering the competition. All data for online competitions on the IFI website is deleted after 3 months of the competition date.
External web sites
This website may link to a number of external websites and then to the Internet and you acknowledge that your access of such websites will be subject to the relevant third party’s terms and conditions and that any information you provide to such third parties is subject to its own privacy policy. IFI has no control over how such information is used and, as such, any course of action you have regarding any alleged misuse of such information must be against the relevant third party. You acknowledge that the same information may be provided by you to both that third party and IFI, but only when specifically provided to IFI is it subject to this Privacy Policy.
7. Legal basis 
There are two bases under which we may process your data:
Contract purposes
When you make a purchase from us or make a donation to us, you are entering into a contract with us. In order to perform this contract we need to process and store your data. For example we may need to contact you by email or telephone in the case of cancellation of an event, or in the case of problems with your payment. We will also email you a confirmation of your online booking. For IFI Members, the receipt of the monthly programme is part of the contract between Members and the IFI. Should you not wish to receive an IFI programme you may object to receiving these at any time by emailing the IFI box office info@irishfilm.ie
Consent
Marketing communications:
We aim to communicate with you about the work that we do in ways that you find relevant, timely and respectful. We use consent as the legal basis for communications by email for our weekly ezines and any direct marketing communications about IFI activity and events. We are committed to never sending marketing communications to you unless you have given your consent to receive this information. The IFI uses its box office system Admit One, and Mailchimp to administer this consent and you can unsubscribe at any time through our Mailchimp system, or by emailing info@irishfilm.ie.
By using our on-line booking service or by using Login and submitting your information you consent to the collection and use of that information by IFI as set out in this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will also e-mail to inform you of any changes. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your personal data by using the methods above, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003, the 2018 General Data Protection Regulation. We will update or delete your personal data accordingly. You can also update your own information by logging onto the website using your username and password.
You have the right to object to any of this processing at any time. If you wish to do this, please use the contact details at the end of this policy. Please bear in mind that if you object this may affect our ability to carry out the tasks above.
8. Other processing activities 
IFI events (photography and video)
The IFI may take photographs during public events in the IFI Foyer where audiences may on occasion be identified. On these rare events the public will be informed by signage that photographs are being taken but it is up to the IFI patron to inform our staff if there is an issue.
Photographs will be used for the IFI website and social media networks unless otherwise stated.
CCTV
There IFI operates a strict CCTV policy and ensures that the use of CCTV is in line with requirements under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. Recorded images are retained for 1 month from the date of recording. However the organisation reserves the right to retain images for a longer period where there are objective reasons for doing so (for example, retention of images for the purposes of investigation of an identified issue).
Sale of business
In the event that our business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers’ advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
Children’s use of the website
We welcome GDPR and the Data Protection 2018’s commitment to special protection for children’s personal data. The Irish Film Institute has always had specific policies in place to safeguard children and Vulnerable Adults, more about the IFI’s child protection & VA policy can be found here.
As the Irish Film Institute operates a programme for schools and young people, it acknowledges that they are all below the legal age for giving consent to the processing of their personal data. This website has been created in the understanding that it is the significant adults in the children’s lives that will be using it or making a booking. There are minimal opportunities for children to supply information to us via the site and we reasonably expect that any children under the legal age of consent, 16 or under, who are using the site are doing so with the express permission and supervision of adults. Therefore we judge the risk that we would be processing children’s data via the site to be minimal. Any personal data that we request about the children who take part – including taking pictures and video – will always be gathered with the express consent of the parent, guardian, or teacher.
Pictures and Video of Children
“The use of images play an important role in many aspects of work with children and young people. Images in many formats can be used to record, document, demonstrate, promote and celebrate activities and experiences. Increasingly, accessible and diverse technology has meant that recording, sharing, disseminating and publicising images is more widespread than ever before.” (Source. The Arts Council Guidelines for taking and using images of children and young people in the arts sector
The Irish Film Institute has a clear policy in place for capturing images of children for documentation, archiving or promotional use:

Images can only be captured with the written consent of the child’s parent guardian, or teacher.
Witholding of a consent must never affect or limit the child’s experience of the activity in which they are taking part in.
Even if a parent has given consent, if a child decides that they don’t want their picture taken, their wishes must be respected.
Parents taking pictures of their own child at an event is permitted(assuming it’s not disruptive to the event or infringing artists’ copyright) but if they’re taking pictures that include other children, they should be reminded of the importance of data protection and ask them to refrain from taking pictures featuring other children. If that is unavoidable, they should be reminded that these images should not be shared online.
Capture of images should be done in a respectful way, with no or minimal impact on the focus or experience of the children.
Care must be taken to avoid inadvertent discrimination or stereotyping of any child, particularly on the basis of disability, ethnicity or gender.
Avoid providing additional information that can assist someone in identifying a child or which could be used as grooming tools (hobbies, likes/dislikes, full name of child and so on).

9. Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer. Our cookies contain information that we can use to identify you and allow us to efficiently operate the Login service. The information stored within the cookie is encoded and restricted so only IFI and its agents are allowed access. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
For statistical and strategic planning purposes information generated from cookies helps us determine:

The number of first time and repeat visits. (this is identified by the IP address of your webserver)
The traffic on the website, pages visited, and length of time spent on the website.
The IP address of the user’s webserver.
The top level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .net, .biz).
The previous website address from which the user reached us, including any search criteria used.
The number of visits which shows the traffic of users around this website (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded).
The type of web browser used by the website user.

Below are the cookies used on www.ifi.ie

_dc_gtm_UA-27736343-1 Google Tag Manager and Google Analytics ID
AWSELB – Amazon Web Servers for email confirmations on Bookings
_ga – Google Analytics, tracks users
_gid – Google Analytics, tracks sessions
_fr – Facebook tracking cookie
wfvt_2723506229 – WordPress/Wordfence, tracking users
wordfence_verifiedHuman – Cookie set by the Wordfence Security WordPress plugin to protect the site against malicious attacks

10. Your debit and credit card information
If you use your credit or debit card to purchase from us or to make a donation, we will ensure that this is carried out securely and in accordance with the Payment Card Industry. Credit Card information is processed through Realex Global Payments which has the following security standards: A fully PCI DSS v3.2 Level 1 compliant environment ensureing customers’ card details are retained securely, and Dual Tokenisation which ensures that Cardholder data is protected and protected against digital breaches for the purpose of credit card fraud by replacing customer’s card number with an algorithmically generated number. Credit card details are not stored or accessible to the Irish Film Institute once processed.
11. Maintaining your personal information 
We store your personal information indefinitely such that for any subsequent purchases you make we are able to link them back to a single unique record that we hold for you on our system. If there are aspects of your record that are inaccurate or that you would like to remove, you can usually do this by logging in to your account through our website. Alternatively please use the contact details at the end of this policy. 
12. Security of your personal information 
We have in place appropriate safeguards (both in terms of our procedures and the technology we use) to keep your personal information as secure as possible. We will ensure that any third parties we use for processing your personal information do the same. We will not transfer, process or store your data anywhere that is outside of the European Economic Area. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose your sensitive information to you.
13. Your rights to your personal information 
You have a right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies in this data corrected. Please use the contact details at the end of this policy if you would like to exercise this right. 
14. Contact details and further information
In line with GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 you have the right to:
Make a Subject Access Request – You have the right to access information we hold about you. If you wish to exercise your right of access, you must submit a written request to the address below.
To have your information updated or corrected – if you discover that any of the data that we are holding is out of date or inaccurate, please get in touch via  info@irishfilm.ie and we will update the information
To object to direct marketing – You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. Email marketing will only ever take place if we have had consent from you for that purpose. You can unsubscribe from email marketing at any time via the links at the bottom of every email. To opt out of postal marketing, just email info@irishfilm.ie or call 01 679 5744
To have your information deleted from our records – Unless there is a compelling legal basis for us to retain your data, you can ask us to delete your information. Just email info@irishfilm.ie request this.
Email: Info@irishfilm.ie
Address: Data Protection, Irish Film Institute, 6 Eustace St, Temple Bar, Dublin 2

 
