8.Toggl collects, generates and receives information in a variety of ways. Some of this information constitutes Personal Data and the rest does not. We shall use the word “Information” to designate any and all of the data that are collected, generated or otherwise processed by us or on our behalf. This part of the Policy describes which Information and how is collected or generated through the activities listed in section 1.9.Profile InformationWe collect Information about you in the course of negotiating, preparing, concluding and amending agreements between you and Toggl. The Information collected may include the data provided in such agreements and any data that you furnish for the purposes of negotiating, concluding or amending those agreements.For example, when you register for a Service user account (“User Account”), we ask you to give us your full name, email address, country of residence and time zone, and you may also upload a profile picture. In order to maintain a Workspace, i.e., act as a Workspace Owner, you need to provide us with your physical address and may give a telephone number at which you can be reached. During the sign-up procedure, we may automatically record your internet protocol address (IP address) and an application programming interface token (API token) is automatically generated and stored under your User Account (this is an authentication token that you can use for accessing the Service through other software). For validating human access to the User Account, you will create a user name and a password, which both will be stored in our data base along with the API token. You will also be assigned a user identifier (user ID), which is a certain numerical value that we generate, store and can identify you by.The Service has a user invitation feature that can be used for inviting you to become a User. If a User elects to invite you, she will give us your email address and the Service will send you an invitation. We store this email address but not as part of your User profile (as you are not yet a User). It will only become such if you obtain a User Account.10.Billing InformationIf a User subscribes to a paid Service plan, we ask her to supply us with the full name of the person or entity that will pay for the Service plan, their physical address and, optionally, email address and VAT number (i.e., the registration number of a “taxable person” as respects value added tax). The payer may or may not be the User subscribing to the Service plan, so it is possible for us to receive the above Information about you from another User.In the case of a paid Service plan, you will supply a third-party payment service provider (who acts independently from us) with such information as they request from you to facilitate your payments to us. We do not collect any information about your methods or instruments of payment, except that, if you give the payment service provider credit card details, the last four digits of the credit card number are stored in the Workspace under subscription billing info. This piece of Information forms part of Workspace Data.11.Usage InformationAs with most websites and on-demand software solutions (i.e., where software is delivered over the internet in the form of a “service”), certain data are automatically collected when you visit a Website or use a Service application and this Information is recorded in log files. For example, when you log in to the Service, the date and time of your login will be recorded along with your IP address (giving us your approximate location) and a limited user agent string (telling us what type of Service application, e.g., web, desktop or mobile, was used for the login). When you create a data entry via the Service, your Service application type and version may be recorded.If you use the Service feedback feature, then certain Information about you and some technical data concerning your Service release and other software and hardware are automatically sent to us along with the content of your communication. The Information we receive depends on the type of Service (and, respectively, the device) you are using but will usually include some of your Profile Information (name, user ID and email address) as well as information about which Service application and what version you are running and the type and version of your device’s operating system. It may also include the name of your device and information as to your web browser type and version, Service settings and usage history, Workspace Service plan, and which Service release/update channel you have chosen (stable or beta).Certain features of the Service (specifically, Timeline and Autotracker), if enabled, will automatically record (Timeline) or monitor (Autotracker) what other applications you use or which websites you visit during your Service sessions and, based on these data, either provide you with Information as to your past activities, relating them to your interactions with the Service and the matters you have been working on, or make suggestions regarding your use of the Service. These features are strictly opt-in and can be easily disabled, and the information they record or generate is only available to the User whom it relates to.On a more general level, we collect (or have third parties collect for us) anonymous Information about the use of our Service and customer base. Such data may, e.g., include Information about the number of Users and their distribution (active, passive, paying, non-paying, etc.), User churn, Workspace team sizes, choices between application types, settings, modes of use and Service plans, Service performance, practices and trends in using specific features or components of the Service, the effectiveness of Service messages, and other Information that is not Personal Data.Accessing resources on Websites may (depending on the site visited, resource accessed, device used and your hardware and software settings), result in the following Information being collected: your IP address, approximate location, Website entry and exit pages, referral sites and keywords, session time and duration, activities on the Website (e.g., pages viewed, links followed, clicks made), web browser type, version and settings (including, e.g., language preferences), device type, name and settings as well as the type and version of its operating system, and your internet service provider or mobile network operator. Some of this Information is collected by the use of cookies, as described in the next section.12.Cookie InformationWhen you use our web or cloud applications, visit Websites or retrieve resources (e.g., files or other information) that form part of a Website, certain pieces of data known as cookies are sent to the device you are using and will be stored there. Your web browser stores them either at our request or the request of a third party whose services we use. Each cookie, in one way or another, distinguishes you from other Users and Website visitors. There are also other techniques, such as using web beacons or pixels, whose purpose can be similar to that of some cookies. In this Policy, the word “cookie” designates the objects delivered by those techniques as well.Cookies vary by nature and purpose. For instance, a “session cookie” only exists in the temporary memory of your device, i.e., while your Service session or visit to a Website lasts, and is usually deleted when your web browser is closed. A “persistent cookie”, on the other hand, has a longer lifespan: it remains on your device until you delete it (i.e., instruct your browser to do so) or until it expires. A “secure cookie” can only be sent over a “secure” (encrypted) connection, making it harder for others to intercept information. A “first-party cookie” belongs to us and a “third-party cookie” belongs to someone other than Toggl, e.g., a company providing us with Service or Website analysis services or delivering our messages (such as advertisements) across the internet.Some of the above cookies are associated with your User Account and certain of your Profile Information, allowing you to log in to the Service and remembering that you are logged in (which makes it possible for you to use the Service, enhances security and helps us to show you the right content). Other cookies allow us (or third parties we have engaged) to recognise and count the number of visitors to a Website, see how they move around the site when using it, which links they follow and who reads what, or to selectively record and analyse how and by what means Users are interacting with our applications (only specific pieces of information are collected, and without identifying the Users). Certain cookies are used to recognise you when you return to a Website, enabling us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences, e.g., your choice of language. And, quite importantly from the privacy aspect, there are some third-party cookies that gather information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of ours (in other words, track your online behaviour), which may result in advertisements or other messages being displayed to you based on your browsing history.You will encounter all of these cookies when interacting with our online applications, Websites or web resources. Cookies are vital to the Service and Websites. You can, however, remove them (individually, in selections or all in one sweep) and it is possible to disallow their use altogether or refuse certain types of them (your browser tools or support pages will tell you how to do that). But, if you disallow first-party cookies, your copy or instance of the Service will not operate properly or may not operate at all and your experience at Websites will be notably poorer or at least not as we intended.Third-party cookies can usually be managed by the tools provided by those parties. Some of such tools are available here:https://adssettings.google.com (Google advertising settings);https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout (Google Analytics opt-out);https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies (Facebook cookie policy and opt-out);http://optout.networkadvertising.org (Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page);http://optout.aboutads.info (Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page).We cannot give you an exhaustive list of the means for opting out of third-party cookies as the service providers who may set such cookies in connection with the Service and Websites change from time to time. Contact us, using the details at the end of this Policy, to learn which third-party cookies may currently be in use on a particular Website or Service application.The Service and Websites do not respond to web browsers’ “do not track” signals and our data processing practices are not altered upon our receipt of such a signal.We are not allowed to use cookies unless you agree to it, and by accepting this Policy you have. If the device you are using is not your own (e.g., if you are using the Service or displaying a Website on your employer’s computer or smart device), we expect you to have the owner’s authorisation to agree on her behalf with our storing cookies on the device and retrieving information from it as described in this Policy. By using the device you are confirming to us that you are so authorised.13.“Third-Party Information”A User can choose to permit third-party services for her copy or instance of the Service or in relation to certain aspects of the Service. Typically, a third-party service is software that integrates with the Service and a User can enable or disable this integration for her Service application, User Account or Workspace. Once enabled, the relevant third-party service provider may share certain information with us. For example, if you choose to use a third-party service to validate your access to the Service, then the provider of such a service may send us your name, user name, email address and/or telephone number to perform the validation. Or if some other third-party application (e.g., a storage, development, communication, project or resource management or accounting service) is enabled to permit data to be imported into your Service user environment or otherwise exchanged between the application and the Service, we may receive your name, user name, email address, profile picture, location and/or such other information as you have elected to let the application make available to us, and we are authorised to access such of your data in that third-party application as you let us. You should check the privacy settings of these third-party services to understand what data may be disclosed to us.14.“Other Information”We receive from you such Information as you provide us when filling in forms (e.g., applications or questionnaires) on a Website or via the Service or when you participate in our Service-related campaigns or programmes, sign up to receive notifications, newsletters or other communications from us, request support for the Service, interact with our social media accounts or correspond or otherwise communicate with Toggl. If you email us or send us a letter or a message, we may retain a record of such communication, including your name and address, email address or telephone number (as applicable), the content of your communication and our response. We may complement these data with other Information.