

PRIVACY POLICY
Major League Gaming (“MLG”) uses "Cookies" to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user experiences. To find out more about "Cookies", and the options available to manage them, please click here. By using this MLG online property, you consent to our use of "Cookies".
Welcome to MLG's Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 23, 2018.

Every day, millions of people worldwide use and enjoy MLG websites, products and services. We appreciate your trust in our products and services. In order to provide you with great services and make them better, Major League Gaming Corp. (“MLG”) will collect both personal information and non-personal information (collectively, "Information") and act as the data controller regarding your personal information. We take care of how your Information is processed and used.
This Privacy Policy:

explains how MLG collects, stores, uses and transfers or discloses your Information;
applies to all MLG websites, products and services (“Properties”).

MLG uses cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties. For more information about MLG’s use of cookies please see our Cookie Policy, which is also incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy and made part of this Privacy Policy.
MLG reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at https://accounts.majorleaguegaming.com/privacy_policy, so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If MLG makes a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you in our Privacy Policy as posted and on the MLG home page.
Table of Contents

Scope of MLG Privacy Policy
ESRB Privacy Certified Program
Information We Collect and How We Use It 
Children and Parents
Your Choices
Sharing Information
Security
Accessing Information and Retention Period
Contacting Us
Important Notice
Your California Privacy Rights
Users in the EEA
Disclosure to Users Outside the US and the EEA

1.  Scope of MLG Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all Properties, including:

MLG websites, online products and services; and
MLG mobile applications. 

This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites, online properties, or systems to which our Properties may link r through which our Properties may be accessed, and you accept MLG is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of any such third party websites, properties, or systems. In some instances, we may direct you to a site that is operated by a vendor or partner. Even though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of the Properties, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection by an affiliate or other vendor or partner.
This Privacy Policy does not cover Information provided when you apply for a job at MLG.
Back to top
2. ESRB Privacy Certified Program
This Privacy Policy and the ESRB certification seals shown on our Properties confirm that MLG is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certified Program (“ESRB Privacy Certified”). To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and ESRB Privacy Certified has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all MLG Properties where this Privacy Policy is posted.
As part of the ESRB Privacy Certified Program, we are subject to frequent audits of our Properties and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
Whenever you visit Properties that display the ESRB Privacy Certified certification seal, you may request information about:

Whether a company uses cookies, tracks IP addresses or uses other passive means to collect information;
Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information and how will it be used;
With whom, if anyone, will your personal information be shared;
What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information;
How you can access and, if necessary, change the personal information a company collects and maintains;
Whether and how information is collected from children under 13;
How a company ensures data security, quality, and integrity; and
Where and how to ask questions or file complaints.

DISCLAIMER: Although ESRB Privacy Certified does not monitor non-English Properties, MLG makes all best efforts to ensure that non-English Properties adhere to applicable data collection guidance and principles set forth by ESRB Privacy Certified, including adherence to EU and other territorial regulations outside of the U.S.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB Privacy Certified at http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.aspx; or
ESRB
Attn: VP, Privacy Certified Program
420 Lexington Ave, Suite 2240
New York, NY 10170
privacy@esrb.org
Back to top
3.   Information We Collect and How We Use It 
MLG collects Information about you from you and other sources. As set out below in more detail, we use and in specific cases combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust and improve our Properties, and to send you messages or personalized information about our services, new features and more, including for marketing and promotional purposes.
Information Provided by You 
As set out in more detail in the following, MLG may collect Information from you when you: (A) create an MLG account; (B) use our Properties; (C) participate in sweepstakes, contests and promotions; (D) use MLG customer service; (E) choose to receive newsletters on products and services, receive marketing emails, and/or participate in surveys; (F) buy MLG services or products online; (G) participate in chat rooms; or (H) use your Facebook account with MLG or allow sharing through Social Media. 
A. Creation of an MLG Account 
MLG will collect certain Information from you when you create an MLG account, such as your date of birth, email address, username, and in specific cases, first and last name. This personal information is combined with other Information such as your country, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, purchase history, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services and marketing preferences. You also have the option to provide your address, city, postal code and time zone. Additionally, we collect and combine Information when you link a third party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Nintendo, Steam, and Battle.net) to your MLG account, such as the username associated with you third party account, and the use of certain Properties may require you to link a third party account to your MLG account. 
When you create an MLG account, a public profile is also created for your account. This public profile will show your username and the date you created your MLG account. You also have the option to customize your profile and publicly share certain Information, such as your name, age, date of birth, gender, online contact information, third party account information (e.g., social media account information) and information about what video games you play and what video game consoles you own. If you choose to link certain third party accounts to your MLG account, additional information may be required to be shown publicly (e.g., if you link your XBOX Live or PlayStation Network account, the username associated with that account will be shown on the public profile associated with your MLG account).
B. Use of Our Properties
When you visit or use our Properties we collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as websites you visited before and after you used a Property, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, third party account information (for example, Information associated with your XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Nintendo, Steam, or Battle.net account), gameplay data, purchase histories, and Social Media data. We use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively referred to as “Cookies”) to do this.  In addition, we or our partners also use Cookies to serve ads in our Properties. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details.
MLG collects, processes, and combines data such as your age, gender, interests, name, email address, video game console, marketing preferences, customer service, and device-related information. 
C. Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions
When MLG runs contests or promotions on our Properties, we collect certain Information from participants such as their name, address, postal code, email address, phone number, age and/or date of birth, or other information or content submitted by you. We may also need to collect additional information in order for you to claim a prize. That Information will be combined with other account information and will be used and shared in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
D. Interact with Customer Service
In order to be able to provide you with customer service and assist you with resolving any issues you may have, MLG or its affiliates, including Blizzard Entertainment, collects Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your customer service issue and its resolution.
E. Receive Newsletters on Products and Services, Receive Marketing Emails, and/or Surveys
MLG offers you the ability to receive newsletters or marketing periodically by email about our products and services. We also, from time to time, will send you surveys in order to improve consumer experience with our services. At any time, you can manage your preferences from your account settings and stop receiving further newsletters or marketing emails by unsubscribing from the link in the footer of each email we send to you. 
F. Buy MLG Products or Services Online
MLG does not collect any credit card and/or billing information when you purchase products or services online, or when you participate in certain services (e.g., Gamebattles). However, you may be required to provide credit card and/or billing information to one of our third-party vendors in order to complete a purchase or receive a prize. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of our third-party vendors before providing them with your personal information, as their privacy practices may vary from ours.  At the time of purchase, in specific cases, you also have the option to provide Information (such as your email address) to MLG for the purpose of sending you additional information or offers.
G. Chat rooms, Message Boards and Forums
From time to time, MLG makes chat rooms or other community tools available to you. From time to time, we may use the content you write (including your name or screen name if you post it) for promotional purposes, in email newsletters or elsewhere. Accordingly, you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these areas. 
H. Social Media 
You can interact with some Properties through social networking sites, such as Facebook and Twitter (or social media plug-ins and applications) ("Social Media"). When you interact with MLG and/or the Properties through Social Media you acknowledge that we may access your Information, including your public profile information, solely in accordance with your Social Media privacy settings, and use it to (1) create an MLG account, or link your Social Media account to your MLG account; (2) give you exclusive content; (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Properties; and (3) contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences through Social Media, including through providing tailored marketing, or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards. 
When you post personal information publicly through the Properties (e.g., on your MLG public profile or using publicly accessible chat rooms and community tools), or on Social Media, it will be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the personal information by third parties. For more information about how your Social Media uses and protects your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use. 
Information Provided by Other Sources 
We may also obtain Information, such as contact details (for example, name and email address), country, IP address, purchase histories, marketing preferences, cookie information, hardware and software information and other technical information about you from other sources, such as our affiliates, Social Media, our vendors (for example, event ticket providers and merchandise vendors), or partners (for example, advertisers or media partners), and combine that Information with Information we have collected from or about you. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us.
We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
Back to top
4. Children and Parents 
MLG does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13 in the US or under the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions where the child is located. However, we may collect technical information required for delivering the service and for the support of our internal operations from all users of our Properties. If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their children’s other personal information or otherwise used their children’s personal information for another purpose, they may reach out to us via the Contacting Us section below.
We recognize a special need to protect the personal information of children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, phone numbers, or other personal information without parental permission, when online. MLG also recommends that parents familiarize themselves with parental controls available on consoles, mobile telephones, tablets and other devices they provide to their child and accompany their child if aged under 13 years of age when online. Parents should contact MLG immediately if they have any concerns. Please see the Contacting Us section below for further details.
Back to top
5.  Your Choices 
You have choices over the Information provided by you and by other sources, and how that Information is used by MLG. You can exercise your choices by updating your preferences at any time and also by managing your settings on your devices and third party accounts. 
Your Choices About Information Provided by You 
If you do not want to provide MLG with personal information, then you can choose not to provide it. Please note that if you choose not to provide us with personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the relevant MLG product or service that you want. For example, without providing an email address, you will not be able to create an MLG account.
Your Choices About Information Provided by Third Parties
You may be able to control how third parties collect and share your Information by changing your preferences or opting out of collection directly with those third parties. Before disclosing Information to third parties, we recommend you check their respective privacy policies for further details.
Your Choices About MLG Using Your Information
You can exercise choices over how MLG uses your personal information and update your preferences at any time:

to remove yourself from individual contests  or promotions, or from receiving email marketing or newsletters from MLG, simply click the unsubscribe link in the email or access your account from http://www.majorleaguegaming.com/ and edit your email marketing preferences. You will need your password to access your account;
to disable selected Cookies from collecting information relating to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or analytics data and from serving you with personalized advertising on our Properties or third party properties please see our Cookie Policy.

If you opt-out of receiving email marketing communications from us, please note we may still contact you occasionally about the status of your account, such as to inform you that your account may be expiring, or for other service related information.
If you are a user located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Users in the EEA section below.
Back to top
6. Sharing Information: 
As set out below in more detail, MLG shares Information:

with the various Activision Blizzard group companies available here for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;
with vendors and partners engaged by MLG in order to provide you with goods or services you have requested or online advertising selected by us;
with third parties in offering certain promotions, events, tournaments or other goods or services jointly or on behalf of such third parties;
if required to do so by applicable law, regulation or legal process;
if necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights; 
if necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person; and
in connection with the sale of our business or assets.

Please note that any information, including personal information that you reveal in a bulletin board, message board, chat room or other public forum is publicly viewable.
Vendors
Vendors provide goods and services (for example, media partners, event ticket providers, merchandise vendors, survey providers, billing, consumer services support, consultancy, information technology hardware and software) to MLG in order to support, operate and develop the Properties and to deliver marketing communications on our behalf. Vendors use your Information to execute, deliver and/or from time to time improve the services they provide. We do not share Information with vendors to use for their own direct marketing purposes or any other purpose other than those set out in this section without your consent.
Third Parties
Other third parties may need your Information in order to provide goods and/or services you have requested, for example, to deliver MLG products that you have purchased. In addition, MLG may offer goods and/or services jointly with, on behalf of, a third party. These goods and/or services may be hosted on the Properties or on the third party’s service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share the Information you submit in connection with these goods and/or services with the third party. MLG is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, which may use your Information for their own purposes. The third party’s use of your Information will be governed by that third party’s privacy policy. If you do not want your information shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer of information by not using that particular service or by not providing any information at that time.
Law
We will disclose your Information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability. 
This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
Legal Rights
We will disclose your Information where necessary for the purpose of exercising, establishing or defending our legal rights.  For example, we will review your communications and other account information in order to investigate allegations of hacking or any other breach or alleged breach of any applicable Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy and disclose your personal information, including communications, to our legal advisors, consultants and law enforcement or other government officials.
Protecting Others
We disclose your Information with third parties where we believe this is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person. For example, we disclose Information relating to an online account if we in good faith believe the user of that account is using it in ways that are harmful to others (e.g. making inappropriate contact with minors). 
Sale of Our Business or Assets
Separately, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, MLG's customer information including Information and communications may be transferred to our successor or assign.
Back to top
7.  Security
MLG takes a range of security measures – as set out in detail below – designed to help protect your Information. However, complete online and offline security can never be guaranteed, so you should always take care when sharing your information online.
MLG takes a range of security measures designed to protect your personal information and keep it confidential (unless it is non-confidential by nature, for example, publicly-available information like user generated content, competition rankings and scores, etc.).  We also take steps to ensure that the personal information collected is protected from misuse and alteration. In addition, we request vendors who process personal information on our behalf to themselves take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information. However, the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving, as are the technical and organizational industry standards relating to management of those risks. The complete security of any personal information collected, stored or used by us or our vendors cannot therefore be guaranteed.
Back to top
8.  Accessing Information and Retention Period
As set out in more detail below, you can view, correct update or request the deletion of your personal information in any of your MLG accounts at any time. 
If for any reason you wish to view, correct, or update personal information collected about you, or if you want to delete your MLG account, simply access your MLG account through http://www.majorleaguegaming.com/ and edit/delete your personal information. You will need your password to access your personal account. You may also send us an email asking us to delete your account at privacy@majorleaguegaming.com.  
If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information, you can send your request to us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section below. 
Retention Period
We delete your personal information which we process for the performance of the contract or based on your consent in case you terminate your contract with us, delete your MLG account, withdraw your consent or where you request us to delete your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an exception, we will not delete your personal information where we still have a legitimate interest to use your personal information. For example, we may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Service or other user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. In any case, we will not retain or use your personal information longer than necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Due to technical reasons, residual copies of Information that has been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems. 
Back to top
9.  Contacting Us
To contact us, you can send us an email at privacy@majorleaguegaming.com, or write to us at:  Major League Gaming, 3 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10016, ATTN: Privacy.
You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified if you have a question or complaint that has not been resolved to your satisfaction. Please see the ESRB Privacy Certified Program section at the top of this Privacy Policy for further details.
Back to top
10.  Important Notice
For privacy related information applicable to users who are California residents or based outside the US please see below.
Please note your use of this MLG website, product or service is also subject to the terms of the MLG Terms of Service available here.
Back to top
 
11. Your California Privacy Rights 
Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, without their approval. 
If at any time you wish to opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties and/or receiving information from MLG (via e-mail or postal mail) about new products, services, or promotions, please send us an email to privacy@majorleaguegaming.com, or write us at:  Major League Gaming, 3 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10016, ATTN: Privacy. We will be happy to honor your request.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users
Since January 1, 2015, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or delete Information provided by you or publicly posted by you by accessing your MLG account through http://www.majorleaguegaming.com/ or other product or service as applicable and editing/deleting your Information. You will need your password to access your personal account. You may also send us an email asking us to delete certain posted content at privacy@majorleaguegaming.com. In the alternative, you may write to us at Major League Gaming, 3 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10016, ATTN: Privacy.
We will be happy to review, update or remove Information and/or content as appropriate. Residual copies of Information and/or content that have been deleted from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems. We may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose.
Do Not Track
California Business and Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) permits our customers who are California residents to be informed as to how MLG responds to Web browser "Do Not Track" settings. As Do Not Track is a standard that is currently being developed, MLG does not take actions to respond to Do Not Track settings, and instead we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy.   
If you would like to find out more about Do Not Track you may find the following link useful: http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
Back to top
12. Users in the EEA
As set out in more detail below, we only process or transfer your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. You also have additional rights regarding your personal information if you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information
We only process your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below.
Performance of the Services
We process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to: 

administer your MLG Account; 
to provide you with requested customer service or technical support;
provide contests or promotions in which you have enrolled; 
support functionality of the Properties (e.g., streaming, chat rooms); or
provide global customer service.

Consent
We process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing:

newsletters, direct e-mails and surveys about our Properties; and 
certain other marketing features.

Legitimate Interest
We process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing:

to provide you with requested services (e.g., gamebattles);
to debug and improve our current and future Properties;
in order to give you exclusive content, personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences; and
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity.

Legal Obligation
We process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.  
Your Rights to Your Personal Information
You have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information as set out in detail in the Accessing Information section above. To access your personal information, you can also make a request here .  To delete your personal information, you can also make a request here. 
You may object to the processing of your personal information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may, in particular, control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time. You can use the methods described in the Accessing Information  section above, or make a request here.
In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer personal information that you have provided to us. 
Where we rely on your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time. You can use the methods described in the Accessing Information section above to update your marketing preferences.
For each of the rights described above, you can also send your request to us by using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above 
We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred.
International Transfers
Your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your personal information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above.
Back to top
13. Disclosure to Users Outside the US and the EEA
In addition, if you are a visitor to our websites or other online products and services from outside the U.S., the personal information you provide will be collected, processed and stored directly on, or transferred to, servers in the United States or other countries where MLG, Activision Blizzard group companies or our other partners or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. 
No matter where the Information is located, MLG takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, processing, storage and transfer of your Information, please do not provide your Information when requested and stop using our websites and other online products and services.
Unfortunately, we no longer offer MLG accounts to Russian based consumers.  
Back to top

