YoYo Games Platforms Privacy Policy
Last updated: 15/02/2016
Introduction

Hello!  This document explains how we (YoYo Games Limited) collect, store and use information from you and how we will protect your privacy rights.  It covers: (1) any of our websites, including http://www.yoyogames.com/, the GameMaker Community and any of our forums or sub-domains; (2) any of our products or services, including but not limited to GameMaker: Studio, GameMaker: Player and GameMaker: Marketplace; and (3) any of our products or services (including support services) which may be accessible via a web application, mobile application, third party platform or social networking service.  We will call them together our "Services".
By using any of our Services, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to this privacy policy.  If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use any of the Services.  If you have any queries, please email us at helpdesk@yoyogames.com. Please see our Cookie Policy for information about our use of cookies and similar tracking technologies.
Who we are

	We are YoYo Games Limited (company number 05260718) of Fourth Floor, 61 Southwark Street, London, SE1 0HL, UK and our affiliates and group.  
        
About this Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  This privacy policy (together with any applicable legal documents for the Services) sets out the basis on which we will process information we collect from you or that you provide to us.  This may include personal information (meaning information which, on its own or in combination with other information, can be used to identify you) and non-personal information in the European Union.
In accepting this privacy policy, you must be over the minimum applicable age in your jurisdiction or have obtained appropriate parental or guardian approval. In any event, your continuing use of YYG Platforms will be deemed approval of this privacy policy.
Information which we collect
The information we collect about you can include information which, on its own or together with other information, can be used to identify you as an individual. We also collect other information which does not personally identify you.  All of this can include:

Your name;
Your email address;
Any user name (such as a forum user name) used to identify yourself in any Services;
Details of your digital platform account regarding our games (such as your YoYo Games user account);
Any other information with which you supply us via the Services (and for the avoidance of doubt this may include collection of non-personally identifiable information collected via use of games or products made using our Services and which are distributed outside of our Services, e.g. on iOS); 
Technical or other details about any device which you use to access the Services, including, but not limited to: Internet and/or network connection (including your IP address); your Media Access Control (MAC); any device Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or equivalent; your operating system, browser type or other software; your hardware or mobile device details (including your mobile device type and number and mobile carrier details), if applicable; or other technical details.  This is technical data about our users and their actions and patterns, which we do not believe identifies any individual to any third parties;
Details of your use of our Services including, but not limited to: metrics information about when and how you use the Services; traffic data; certain information from third party services such as social networks, strictly in accordance with the applicable networks' terms and conditions (and with your prior consent) and your geographical location data; 
Other personal or business information you give us in order to help you with any queries or support matters via our forums or customer support service.

How we collect information:
We may collect and process information about you through the following means: (1) information that we collect via any of our Services; (2) information given when you contact us or report a problem with any of the Services; and (3) we may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them. We may collect this information via our Services or third party services connected with them.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Please see our Cookie Policy.
Where and how we store your personal information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, stored and processed at a destination outside the European Economic Area (including the USA).  By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you have a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Please don't share it with anyone. We recommend you avoid generic passwords (e.g. 1234 or password) and change this at least once every 3 months.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.  Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our servers via any of our Services; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of your information
By providing us with the information about you discussed above, you consent for us to use that information in the following ways: (1) to ensure that content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other device from which you access the Services; (2) to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you; (3) to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us; (4) to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so; (5) to notify you about changes to our Services; (6) to improve or modify the Services, for example based on how you use our Services; (7) to calculate conversion rates and other elements of Services' performance; and (8) for marketing purposes (with your prior consent).
Sharing your information with third parties
We may share your non-personal information with third party partners who work with us to provide the Services to you in order to support, improve or amend any Services.  We may also share your non-personal information with data analysis services. 
We will not share your information with third party advertisers except with your consent.
We do not disclose personal information about identifiable individuals to advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate and/or anonymised information about our users to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience. 
We may share your information with developers using the YYG Platforms, but this will only be provided in aggregate or alternatively in comparative absolute values, and shall be provided only as long as it shall be presented in the YYG Platforms in an anonymized manner that does not expose or indicate the users’ identity (including, without limitations, any personal or device identifiers) to any third parties.
Please remember that any communications you have via our Services may reveal your screen name, other details about you and the content of any communications by you to other users.   We are not responsible for the activities of other users or other third parties whom you choose to provide your information to or otherwise interact with (whether via our Services or otherwise). 
“Publisher Property": means products or services which can be licensed via the YYG Platforms. This can include (but is not limited to): (i) software created to facilitate the development of interactive entertainment products; (ii) content (like graphics, sounds, music, text) which are intended to be integrated with interactive entertainment products; and/or (iii) services (such as graphic design or audio engineering) offered to Customers.
“YYG Platforms”: means any YoYo Games platforms, products or services from time to time including (but not limited to) GameMaker: Studio, GameMaker: Player, GameMaker: Marketplace and YoYo Games websites (including the YoYo Games GameMaker Community / forums), as updated, replaced or expanded from time to time.
Other ways in which we may share your information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of the YoYo Games group of companies and parent group.  We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we sell or buy appropriate business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective or actual seller or buyer of such business or assets.   If we or substantially all of our assets are merged with or acquired by a third party, personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.  We may share or disclose your personal information with third parties if we are under a legal duty to do so, or in order to enforce or apply any terms and conditions applying to any of the Services; or to protect our rights, property, or the safety of our customers or others.
Links to third party sites
Our Services may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites or services of partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites or services may have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies, nor do we endorse such websites or services.  Please check before you submit any personal information to these third parties.
Our status in EU data protection law
In relation to our provision and administration of the Services, we are the data controller under the United Kingdom's Data Protection Act 1998.  In other circumstances (for example regarding Publisher Property) we may be a data processor. We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal information you provide to us in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and other applicable privacy laws. 
Please be aware that we are subject to various laws and we may be required to release personal information to comply with law enforcement or other legal requirements.
Your rights
If you are a European Union citizen, you have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for marketing purposes by contacting us at helpdesk@yoyogames.com.  EU data protection legislation gives EU citizens the right to access information held about you.  Any access request may be subject to a small administrative fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.  You may also email us at helpdesk@yoyogames.com to request that we delete your personal information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honour your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes (and if so we will explain this to you at the time).
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy at any time:  please take a look at the “LAST UPDATED” date at the top of this page to see when this privacy policy was last revised.  Any amendments to this privacy policy will come into effect a reasonable period of time after this "LAST UPDATED" date (normally we consider 30 days to be a reasonable time period) unless you contact us before that date to discuss or query any of the amendments.
Contact us
We welcome any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy, which should be addressed to helpdesk@yoyogames.com.
