
West Indies Management Company privacy policy.
Receiving Email Promotional Communications
 At the West Indies Management Company (WIMCO), we value our customers and respect your privacy. We will not share your email address with unrelated third parties for their marketing purposes. We want to communicate with you and provide exciting content, news and occasional offers, but only if you want to hear from us.
 
We comply with the Federal laws in sending offer-driven emails. If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us, please let us know by writing us at:  West Indies Management Company, PO Box 1461, Newport, RI 02840.
 
Note in your letter that you wish to be removed from promotional email programs, and please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you communicating with us. If you ask us to remove your name and email address from promotional lists, we will mark it as a "Do not contact" request to ensure that we can honor your request, and we will place it in a “do not contact” file. It may take up to 14 days to process your request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from WIMCO. If you have multiple email addresses you will need to request to opt-out for each one. If you make a reservation inquiry however, our villa specialists will still be able to communicate with you using the email address you provide them with.
Information Collection and Use
WIMCO is the sole owner of the information collected. When you contact us to request assistance in selecting a villa we require your contact information in order to respond to your inquiry. We send our villa rental newsletters to people who request information about the destinations, villas and the hotels we represent. Every newsletter we send includes easy-to-use removal instructions and complies with Federal regulations for such communications.
Reserving a Villa
When renting a villa we collect your contact information over the phone. In some cases we may also request a credit card number. This information is used strictly for billing purposes and to process your reservation. If we have a problem processing your reservation, your contact information is used to get in touch with you. Your information will only be provided to third parties for the purpose of processing your reservation.
Links
Several pages on our web site contain links to other sites that we think are informative. WIMCO is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites you may visit from WIMCO.
 
WIMCO reviews this Privacy Policy periodically and reserves the right to update or modify this policy at any time. If you have questions regarding your privacy please contact us: West Indies Management Company, PO Box 1461, Newport, RI 02840.

