
1.0 Privacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting our visitors' privacy and we will not collect any personal information about you as a visitor unless you provide it voluntarily. Any personal information you communicate to us is kept within our own records in accordance with the EU Directive 2006/24/EC. 2.0 Aims of the EU DirectiveEU Directive 2006/24/EC aims to harmonise Member States’ provisions concerning the obligations of the providers of publicly available electronic communications services or of public communications networks with respect to the retention of certain data which are generated or processed by them.
This Directive applies to traffic and location data on both legal entities and natural persons and to the related data necessary to identify the subscriber or registered user. It shall not apply to the content of electronic communications, including information consulted using an electronic communications network.We therefore consider that we have a legal duty to respect and protect any personal information we collect from you and we will abide by such duty. We take all safeguards necessary to prevent unauthorised access and we do not pass on your details collected from you as a visitor, to any third party unless you give us your consent to do so.3.0 Links to other Web SitesOur site has a number of links to other local and international organisations and agencies. In some cases, for the benefit of the visitor, it may be required that we link to other web sites of other organisations after permission is obtained from them respectively. It is important for you to note that upon linking to another site, you are no longer on our site and you become subject to the privacy policy of the new site, if any. 4.0 Access to your informationYou may request us at any time what information is effectively held on you if any, at that particular time. You have the right to have any inaccuracies corrected and where applicable erased, if they are not already deleted.
5.0 Cookie Policy
This website www.liquigasmalta.com (hereafter referred to as “Website”) uses cookies. A cookie is a small text file that we send to your internet browser so that we are able to recognise your browser when you return. Cookies can collect data on the use of the Website such as which pages are visited and the duration of a user session. When you use the Website, the cookie sends data to Liquigas Malta Limited (hereafter referred to as “Our Company”, we or us).
Our Company does not retain a cookie longer than necessary 
We use session cookies and permanent cookies:

A session cookie can track usage such as the webpages you visit and what options you use. When you close the internet browser, the session is ended, and the cookie is deleted.
A permanent cookie enables the Website to recognize you at a subsequent visit.

Our Company stores cookies that are essential in providing the functionalities of the Website. If you do not wish to receive any cookies at all, you may set your browser to refuse cookies all together. Please note that in that case you may no longer be able to use all the functionalities of the Website.
Non-strictly necessary cookies 
Only if you have given prior consent, Our Company places cookies that are not strictly necessary for providing the functionalities of the Website. Through such non-strictly necessary cookies we collect information about your use of the Website and we remember your preferences. Examples of collected information are which pages are visited and the length of a user session. Through these cookies we aim to improve your user experience of our Website. If you do not consent to cookies being placed, these cookies will be blocked.
Our Company will use Google Analytics' cookies. 
Google Analytics is a web analysis service that is offered by Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies only to analyze the usage of the Website by users. Google uses aggregated statistical data to give Our Company an insight in the way users use the Website. Our Company has concluded a data processing agreement with Google to ensure proper protection of your personal data. Our Company does not make use of any other Google services related to Google Analytics. To the extent allowed by the Google Analytics functionalities, Our Company has opted out from sharing your information with Google. Google will remove the last three digits of your IP address. Google may only provide the aforementioned data to third parties if Google is required to do so by law, or to the extent third parties process these data on behalf of Google.
 

