Data protection policy This policy describes the way we collect, store, use and protect your personal information. We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. In addition, if the revise version includes a substantial change, we will provide you with 30 days’ prior notice by posting notice of the change on the “Policy” page of our website. Collection of Information  The type of information submitted to or collected by paysafecard.com varies depending upon the nature of the activity and relationship with paysafecard.com. 1. Browsing the Websites:  When you browse the company’s website (including the payment application), paysafecard may collect information regarding the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol addresses of the computer or Internet Service Provider you are using, and anonymous site statistical data. This information is collected for the purpose of assessing the effectiveness of the company’s website and for security reasons. We also gather, store and process information in order to be able to provide you with better services and customised information and communication. For this purpose, we use so-called cookies in several places. The cookies serve to make our service more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are filed on your computer and that your browser stores. We use persistent cookies to determine whether there has been communication in the past between your computer and us. Persistent cookies stay on your hard disk until they are deleted or expire automatically. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your hard disk by changing your browser settings to “do not allow cookies”. For detailed instructions on how to do this, please consult your browser manual. You may delete cookies that are stored on your hard disk at any time. Disallowing cookies can negatively affect the performance of features provided by this online service.  We therefore recommend allowing cookies. This website uses Google Inc. technology to collect and store in anonymous form information on the surfing behaviour of visitors to this site for marketing purposes.  The data stored in cookies is analysed using an algorithm so that product recommendations in the form of web banners and advertising can be displayed on third party websites. Data on your use of this website gathered from cookies is sent to a Google Inc. server in the USA and stored there.  You can disallow the anonymous analysis of your surfing behaviour by opting out of Google advertising services at www.google.com/privacy/ads/.  Our website uses social plugins ("plugins") of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are labelled with the Facebook logo or with "Facebook Social Plugin". If you visit one of the pages of our website that contains such a plugin, your browser creates a direct connection with Facebook servers. Facebook directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser which integrates it into the webpage. Through integration of the plugins, Facebook receives information that the webpage in question has been viewed. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign the view to your Facebook account. When you interact with the plugins, for instance click the “like” button or make a comment, your browser passes on this information directly to Facebook and stores it there. To find out about the purpose and scope of the data collection and the use of the data by Facebook and associated rights and possible settings for the protection of your privacy, please consult the data protection information of Facebook. If you do not wish Facebook to gather information about you via our website, please log out of Facebook before visiting our website.  Our internet presence uses the "+1" button from the social network Google Plus. This is operated by ("Google") Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States. The button is recognizable in that displays a "+1" on a white or colored background.  If you visit a page on our website with such a button, your browser automatically creates a direct connection with Google's servers. Any content of the "+1" button is sent by Google directly to your browser, where it is embedded in our web-page. This means that we have no influence on the scope of data that Google records with this button, but we assume that your IP address is recorded.  The scope and purpose of data collected by Google, and how it is later processed and used the company, can be found in Google's data protection policy for the "+1" button: www.google.com. There you will also be able to see your privacy rights as well as ways in which you may change the button's settings in regard to this.  If you are a registered member of Google Plus and do not want Google to collect data on you via our website, which is then linked to your member profile, you must log out of Google Plus before you visit our website.  2. Inquires:  The website contains various names, company e-mail addresses, and fax numbers that you may use to solicit information about the website, paysafecard.com services, and the company in general. When you send us an e-mail, send us a fax, or contact us by telephone, paysafecard.com may store the inquiries and their contents, including any personally identifiable information you may have provided. Any personally identifiable information you submit via an inquiry is collected only with your knowledge and active participation. 3. Other:  We may collect additional information from or about you in other ways not specifically described here. For example, we may collect information related to contact with our customer support team or in cases where a direct to bank account refund is requested. Personal data may be collected, if required by a Distributor/Merchant, when you provide personal data to a Distributor/Merchant as part of a transaction. How We Protect and Store Information  We store and process your information on our servers, and we protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with the applicable law. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities. We do not pass on any data to third parties - unless we are legally obligated by court order or passing on data is necessary because of fraudulent access to our Internet infrastructure to take legal action. We will not pass on any data for other purposes - either commercial or not. We gather, store and process information in order to provide you with a better service and individual information and communication. Furthermore, you have right of access to the personal data stored about you, their origin and the purpose of their storage. You can request information about these stored data by sending an email to info@paysafecard.com. Please note, however, that - despite our high security standards - information that you voluntarily release over the Internet can be used by others. paysafecard is therefore not liable or responsible for the disclosure of information due to data transmission errors and/or unauthorized access by third parties. How We Share Information with Other Parties  We may share information with: Law enforcement, Financial Supervision Authorities, government officials, or other third parties when:we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order or similar legal procedures.we need to do so to comply with law.we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or for investigations.Merchant/Distributor may share information with paysafecard.com whenwe are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order or similar legal procedures.we need to do so to comply with law.we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or for investigations.paysafecard.com will not sell or rent any of your information to third parties for their marketing purposes and only shares your personal information with third parties as described in this policy. Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing Statement  As a company with a global presence, paysafecard is committed to full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations regarding Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”). paysafecard.com’s policy is to prevent people engaged in money laundering, fraud and other financial crimes, including terrorist financing, from using paysafecard.com’s services.  paysafecard.com has robust policies and procedures to detect, prevent and report suspicious activity. To comply with OFAC (Office of Foreign Asset Control) requirements, and global sanctions, we screen applicable collected information against government watch lists. In addition, we may request that you provide us with documentation to help prove your identity or for business verification purposes. We report suspicious transactions to the financial intelligence unit in the respective country where we have the obligation to. How to Contact us about Privacy Questions  If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact us by writing to us at paysafecard.com, USA, Inc., Attn: Compliance Department, 61 Broadway, Suite 510, New York, NY 10006, info@paysafecard.com Newsletter subscription:  You will now receive our newsletter, which offers you the latest paysafecard information. You will also benefit from special promotions during which we give away paysafecard credit to try out our latest offers – such as games, music downloads and Internet telephony. It is our top priority to protect your privacy. It is therefore important to us that you know when we gather and use which data. The information that you entered when you registered for the newsletter will only be used in connection with drawing up and sending our mailings and in keeping with the latest data protection regulations. All your data will of course be treated strictly confidentially. To this end, we have put into place all necessary and available technical and organizational measures. We endeavor to keep your data safe within the framework of the latest data protection regulations. We therefore improve our safety measures regularly in line with technological development. You can revoke your consent about the use of your personal data at any time. The revocation can be made using the unsubscribe function for instance, which is provided at the bottom of each newsletter. Once you have unsubscribed, all your data will be removed from our mailing list. paysafecard reserves the right to change this data protection declaration at any time in keeping with the latest data protection regulations. If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us at: info@paysafecard.com 