 How TuneIn Collects Your Information
Account Registration and Profile Creation. If you register to use the Service, then you must provide us with your name, date of birth and email address, in order to create an account and user profile. You may also optionally add to your profile certain demographic information, such as your country, zip code, time zone, and gender, as well as your photo. If you are a broadcaster, we ask you for information about your station and broadcast(s) when you register on our Services, including your name, email address, phone number, website, content streaming URL, as well as background information on the station and broadcast(s).
Social Sign-On. We collect information from social media services when you use your credentials for these services to log into the Service. For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, we collect the information you have authorized Facebook to share with us, such as your name, email address, gender, date of birth, and profile picture. We may also obtain other non-public information with your permission.
Subscriptions. If you obtain a Subscription to the Service, then we will ask you to provide your payment information, such as your credit card number, so our service providers can process your payments for the Service.
Communications. We will collect any information which you provide to us through your communications with our customer-support team. If you subscribe to our newsletter, then we will collect certain information from you, such as your email address.
Information from Third Parties. We may collect information about you from third parties, such as other users or our marketing partners. For example, we may receive information about you when another user allows us to upload your contact information to the Service. We may combine this information with the other information we collect about you.
Using the Service. When you use the Service, we collect information about your activities, such as the stations, artists or channels that you listen to, the User profiles that you view, your searches for friends or stations and your other actions and interactions with other Users or content on the Service, the stations, content and people that you follow ( “Follow Lists”), your comments, any Content that you Post on the Service, and any other information resulting from your use of the Service that is publicly accessible by other Users ( “Public Information”).
Your Contacts. If you give us permission to import to the Service the contacts from any email account associated with your account, then we will collect information about your contacts. We also collect your contacts if you share information or Content with them from the Service or invite them to use the Service.
Location Information. We may obtain information about your physical location at regular intervals when you use the Service, such as by use of geolocation features in the device(s) through which you access the Service, or by inference from other information we collect (for example, your IP address indicates the general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet). We use location information to comply with radio stations’ content licenses (which are location-specific), and to provide you with features, notifications, advertising, or other content that is influenced by your location (such as showing you your local radio station).
Device Information. We receive information from Users’ devices, through which a User accesses the Service, such as IP address, web browser type, mobile operating system version, and unique device identifiers.
Widget Information. Other websites may integrate TuneIn widgets (such as the TuneIn Player or TuneIn Follow Button). When you visit a site with a TuneIn widget embedded, we may receive certain information, including information about the web page you visited, your IP address, and other information about your device. TuneIn and the widget can recognize you across websites containing TuneIn widgets, and the widget may be used to show personalized content or advertising. We know when you interact with a widget, and websites containing the widgets may receive this information.
Cookies and Related Technologies. When you visit the Service, we and our third party service providers receive and record information from your browser and from cookies and similar technologies. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Please review your web browser’s “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
Third parties that advertise goods or services on the Service (collectively, “Advertisers”) may also use cookies or other technologies to track your use of the Service. Advertisers also may use cookies to track your online activities across websites over time to provide interest-based advertising. Some of our Advertisers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. Please visit these organizations’ opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of receiving web-based personalized ads from member companies. Please visit your device’s settings or install the AppChoices app to learn more about how you may opt out of receiving personalized ads in mobile apps.
One of the third party services that we use to track your activity on the Service is Google Analytics. If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use information about your use of the website, then you can install an opt-out in your web browser (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/). You also may opt-out from Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network by using Google’s Ads Settings located at www.google.com/settings/ads.
