General site information
eSports News UK is the sole owner of any user information collected and displayed on this website, unless otherwise attributed to an external website, where stated. eSports News UK cannot be held responsible for the terms and conditions or privacy policies of other sites. We will only use any information we collect about you lawfully, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
eSports News UK is the sole owner of any user information collected and displayed on this website, unless otherwise attributed to an external website, where stated. eSports News UK cannot be held responsible for the terms and conditions or privacy policies of other sites. We will only use any information we collect about you lawfully, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.IP addresses
An IP address is a unique identifier given to you by your internet provider when you connect online. We use these addresses to track your movements and look at trends, such as geographical location, which helps us track our readers, produce better statistics and improve our quality of service. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. We will not share IP addresses with anyone else, unless we believe said IP address is from a user who we have reason to believe is breaking the law. IP addresses are not linked to any personal information that can be used to identify someone.
Cookies
We may use a cookie to record a user's preferences to make it easier to access eSports News UK in the future. Your privacy is not compromised, because the cookie is stored on the user's computer. You can deactivate cookies in your web browser, or even block cookies.
Competition terms and conditions
Please visit this link to read the terms and conditions that apply to every competition that is run by eSports News UK.
Changes to this privacy policy
Should our privacy policy change in the future, eSports News UK will so its best to ensure these changes are brought to your attention by posting details of them on this website for a certain amount of time.