

General site information & GDPR
Esports News UK is the sole owner of any user information collected and displayed on this website, unless otherwise attributed to an external website, where stated. Esports News UK cannot be held responsible for the terms and conditions or privacy policies of other sites. We will only use any information we collect about you lawfully, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and now the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which came into force in May 2018.
 
IP addresses
An IP address is a unique identifier given to you by your internet provider when you connect online. Sites can use these addresses to track your movements and look at trends, such as geographical location, helping to track readers, produce better statistics and improve our quality of service.
When you post a comment on the Esports News UK website, your IP address is stored in the site's back-end. However, Esports News UK does not use these IP addresses for any reason.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. In other words, IP addresses are not linked to any personal information that can be used to identify someone.
We will not share IP addresses with anyone else, unless we believe said IP address is from a user who we have reason to believe is breaking the law.
 
Analytics
We’ve implemented Google Analytics based on Display Advertising (e.g.  Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting).
We and third-party vendors, including Google, will use this remarking information and data based on previous visits to our site to serve relevant messages across the web.
You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings. 
Esports News UK also uses software to track the performance of articles and advertisements on the site.

We uses cookies on our websites in order to provide enhanced functionality to users, such as user accounts and saved preferences. We may also use cookies to ensure that you see the most relevant ads and limit the number of times we show you the same advertisements.

If you continue to use this site, we'll assume you are happy to accept these cookies. Some of the adverts carried on our websites are delivered by third party servers and in doing so they may leave cookies on your machine.
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" when the prompt appears, then you are consenting to this.
You may opt out of personalised advertising by visiting Google's Ads Settings. You can also opt out of some third-party vendors’ uses of cookies for personalised advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.
What are cookies?



Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's previous visits to this website or other websites.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you the reader based on your visit to Esports News UK and/or other sites on the internet.


 
Information we hold
We collect the name, email address and IP address of those who register to our website in order to comment on it, or those who sign up to receive our email newsletter (which you can do in the right nav bar on this page). We do not share this data with anyone else, it is kept internally purely for the purposes of allowing readers to access our website and leave comments and interact with other users.
We also store the name and address of competition winners, purely for the purpose of sending them any prizes that are required to be mailed out to them. The names and addresses are sometimes shared with the competition partner (a third-party who may provide the prizes), this will be made clear to the winner(s) when Esports News UK contacts them by email or Twitter direct message, and the information will not be shared if the competition winner does not wish them to be shared. Please visit this link to read the terms and conditions that apply to every competition that is run by Esports News UK.
We do store basic information of members of staff/volunteer writers, such as names, contact numbers and emails. We will only use this information to contact them.
Data is kept by us indefinitely unless stated otherwise. Individuals have a right to complain to the ICO if they think there is a problem with the way their data is handled.
Sometimes we are contacted by third-parties who wish to seek contact information from someone in esports. We will never share personal information like this with a third-party without contacting the person in question and seeking permission from them first.
We will never track or store information around a person's race, religion, political views, sexual orientation, health information, biometric or genetic data.
 
Your rights and deleting data
Under GDPR law, you have the right to be informed; the right of access; the right to rectification; the right to erasure; the right to restrict processing; the right to data portability; the right to object and the right not to be subject to automated decision making including profiling.
As a news publication, Esports News UK will publicly publish the names of people relevant to esports in our articles. If particularly older articles (for example 10+ years) become 'irrelevant' and the party in question has shown 'remorse' for any negative actions, then they may have a right to be forgotten.
If you want your data deleted and/or want to be forgotten, affected parties should contact Esports News UK with the relevant details and reasons why.

 
Changes to this privacy policy
Should our privacy policy change in the future, Esports News UK will so its best to ensure these changes are brought to your attention by posting details of them on this website for a certain amount of time, and emailing anyone signed up to our newsletter.



