
Our Services use cookies, "beacons" and other web technologies (collectively, "Web Technologies"). When you visit or interact with our Services we may use Web Technologies to collect information about your usage and device including, without limitation, location based data, device identifier numbers, browsing history, domain name, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, date and time of each visit, the pages you visit, and other information.
We may use this information to improve and personalise your experience while using our Services, or while visiting our stores, based on areas we believe may be of interest to you. For example, when you are using our App, we may use location information and unique device identifiers so that we may offer you tailored information about our products while you are physically present in our stores. Information collected from you, including via Web Technologies, may also be used to facilitate, support and improve the technical performance and functioning of the Services.
If you use our Services, you are consenting to the use of Web Technologies (including cookies) in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
For more information about the types of cookies our Services use, please click here for our Cookie Policy. For more information about cookies generally, for example, how to control and delete cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org. 
In addition, we may offer you additional choices with respect to the use of these Web Technologies. Some of our Web Technologies will only be employed on your device on an opt-in basis, i.e. where you actively choose to receive them. For example, when using the App in a store where the service has been rolled out, you will be prompted to confirm whether you agree to your location data being used so we can make you aware of any special in-store items or promotions. You can withdraw consent at any time by turning off the location services sharing settings for the App on your Device, or by deleting the App.

