
We may need to disclose your personal data to our Business partners, suppliers, and sub-contractors as follows:

A. your delivery address and telephone number to our partner courier companies; 
B. certain personal information to third party payment management companies to enable them to verify your credit or debit card details; 
C. your details to service providers who help us deliver the App;
D. certain purchasing information and use of discounts to business partners who facilitate such discount schemes, provided you have previously registered with them; 
E. personal information to business partners who provide us with and assist us in operating customer service management software, designed to improve and manage our interaction with customers and your customer service experience;
F. advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others;
G. analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our products, Sites and Services; 
H. personal information to business partners that assist us with our marketing efforts; 
I. Service providers whom we may employ to assist us in carrying out and then analysing the results of customer surveys or questionnaires; 
J. Goodwill providers; 
K. Legal insurers. 
We may share information that we collect about you with affiliates, which include other entities directly or indirectly controlled by, or under common control with, us (“Affiliates”), business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors, marketers, advertisers and advertising networks for marketing and advertising purposes, which may include: (i) sending you direct mail or emails about their products, services, sales, promotions events, news and store openings that may interest you; or (ii) serving ads or adverts that may interest you; or (iii) for data analytics that assist in the improvement and optimisation of products, Services and the Site.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:

B. if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to: prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss to you or us; prevent or report suspected illegal activity; protect anyone's rights, property, or safety; and/or
C. if you otherwise consent or direct us to share your information with third parties.

