PROCESSING OF INFORMATION
By using the Site and/or Service, you agree to our collection and use of your personal information as described in the Agreement and this Privacy Policy. DeskTime collects user behavior data including application usage and Site visits. We do not and never will collect keystrokes, form input, or anything of sensitive nature. User may share its contact information to other Users of the same Client (company, organization, institution, group of people, etc).
There are 3 different levels of usage rights: (i) “Owner” has the most comprehensive rights in its group (e.g., manage payment information, review information about all Users of its group, grant and revoke rights to “Administrators”, etc., (ii) “Administrator” may form a group (e.g., department), review information about all Users of its group (department), etc., (iii) “End-users” are other Users (i.e., others than Owner and Administrators). End-users may review information about themselves, their productivity among all other Users in the same group, contact information of other Users in the same group.
Our records include names of applications used, names of tasks to be worked on, websites visited, DeskTime client version, path to the application, start time of use and end time of use, time spent on breaks, screenshots of your computer screen. The Service may record the number of keystrokes or mouse movements you make. It does not record where you click on the screen and it does not record what you type.
Screenshots recorded and all other information (such as websites visited and applications used) can be viewed by you and by your “Administrator” and “Owner”. “Administrator” and “Owner” may enable/disable screenshot records of its End-users.
Screenshot, website and application data is only tracked when you record that you are working on your computer and is not recorded when you turn on “Private Mode”. Website and application monitoring is active for all Users when they are tracking time. Screenshot monitoring can be individually activated or deactivated by your “Administrator” and “Owner”.
You can enable “Private Time” to pause DeskTime at any time. If you enable “Private Mode” via the tracker in the system taskbar, DeskTime will stop tracking anything you do on your computer. To enable DeskTime again, just press the “Private Mode” button again.
All data (including screenshots, websites visited, programs used etc.) is kept in our database for 6 months. After 6 months, only general data, like "arrival time", "left time", "desktime time", and "time at work" will be available to see and export.
You can also delete your account at any time. Deleting your account deletes all your data from our database.
