
How Do You Use My Data?
When you become a member
When you become a member of the American Chemical Society, we will use your personal information to process your membership application and provide you with your membership information and benefits. The details we collect from you when you become a member include your name, address, email address, phone number, payment details, academic/industry affiliation and sector preferences.
To complete your membership application, we share your personal information with our subcontractors, e.g., payment processors, who are involved in the membership application process.
We need to process your personal information in this way to register you as a member and provide the ongoing membership services and benefits to you, as part of your membership contract with us.
When you use our products and/or services (e.g., SciFinder)
When you use our products and services, we collect such information from you as: your name, address, email address, phone number, job title, employer/academic institution and payment details (if applicable).
We use this information to verify whether you have an active account with us, and to make sure you can access the services you have signed up to receive. We also use the information collected from you to improve our products and services and to provide customized content to you, including, for example, improved searching and search results.
We need to collect and use your personal information in this way to carry out the contract in place between us.
When you attend one of our national meetings or industry events
When you attend one of our events (such as the national meeting), we will collect the following information from you: name, address, email address, phone number, employer/academic institution, individual demographic data and payment details. If you are already a member and register to attend an event, we will use the equivalent membership details we already hold on file for you to confirm your booking, and you can update the data during the transaction.  The details we collect from you will include your name, address, payment and other contact details. We need to use your personal information in this way to complete the booking contract between us.
We provide a delegate list to the organizations and other individuals who attend our events. We do this because our events provide a useful networking opportunity, and we have a legitimate interest in wanting to help build and develop the scientific community. You can object to us using your information in this way by contacting us using the information provided at the time of registration.
When you attend one of our educational sessions or sign-up for our webinars
When you attend one of our educational sessions, short courses, workshops, (such as Short Courses Learning Management and Classroom sessions) or webinars we will collect the following information from you: name, address, employer/academic institution and payment details. If you are already a member and register to attend a session or webinar, we may use some of the membership details we already hold on file for you to confirm your booking, and you can update the data during the transaction.
The details we collect from you will include your name, address, payment details, phone number and email address. We need to use your personal information in this way to complete the booking contract between us.
When you phone us, email us, or use our website chat service
When you phone us or contact us by chat or email with general queries, or when we support your use of our products and services, we may also handle your personal information (your name, contact details and the other details you provide to us) in order to provide the customer services you have requested. This could be when you contact us to provide customer support for questions you may have with regard to membership, subscriptions, payments and other service type inquiries, or when you ask for our assistance troubleshooting issues with our products or services, explaining how our products or services work, or if you request information about new products and/or services. All phone calls are recorded for quality assurance and training purposes, and an announcement to that effect is included in our greeting. We record phone calls because we have a legitimate interest in monitoring the quality of our calls, and training our staff using live examples.
Unless we are contracted to provide this support, we rely on your consent to handle your personal information in this way. If you do not provide us with the personal information we request from you for customer services purposes, we may not be able to fully answer your queries.
When you have expressed an interest in the Society:
This section applies if you have opted in to receive marketing communications from us, or have previously expressed an interest in the Society and not opted out.
When you sign up to one of our webinars, whitepapers, or take one of our quizzes your registration details may be disclosed to the webinar sponsor. We rely on our legitimate interest to promote and develop the scientific community when we transfer your data to the sponsors.
We will handle your personal information (such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, job title, employer/academic institution and sector preferences) to provide you with marketing communications in line with any preferences about which you have told us.
When we send you marketing emails because you have opted-in to receive them, we rely on your consent to contact you for marketing purposes.
If you have not opted-in and we send you marketing communications, we do this because of our legitimate interest to promote the success of the Society.
Every email we send to you for marketing purposes will also contain instructions on how to unsubscribe from receiving them.
You are not under any obligation to provide us with your personal data for marketing purposes.
You can tell us that you do not want your personal information to be processed in this way at any time by contacting us at service@acs.org or, where relevant, by following the unsubscribe link shown in every marketing communication you receive from us.
When you create an ACS ID, a set of digital access credentials:
When you create an ACS ID, the set of credentials that allow us to authenticate your use of ACS websites and applications, we will collect the following information from you: name, email address, institution, username and password. We may also collect your ACS member number to provide you with access to ACS member-only content.
We need to process your data for this reason to provide the contracted services you have requested.
To make our site, products and services better and to increase our membership base:
We will also use your personal information to provide you with a more effective user experience (such as by displaying articles and links in which we think you will be interested).
Our use of your personal information in this way means that your experience of our site will be more tailored to you, and that the articles and links you see on our site may differ from someone accessing the same site with a different history or browsing habits.
We also share your aggregated, anonymous data with third party analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site.
We will also use your personal information for the purposes of making our site, products and services more secure, and to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes. We process your data for this reason because we have a legitimate interest to provide you with the best experience we can, to continue increasing our membership base and to ensure that our site, products and services are kept secure.
You can prevent us from using your personal information in this way by using the 'do not track' functionality in your internet browser. If you enable the ‘do not track’ functionality, our site may be less tailored to your needs and preferences.
If our business or our assets are sold:
We will transfer your personal information to a third party:

if we sell or buy any business or assets, we will provide your personal information to the seller or buyer (but only to the extent we need to, and always in accordance with data protection legislation); or
if the Society or the majority of its assets are acquired by somebody else, in which case the personal information held by the Society will be transferred to the buyer.

We process your personal information for this purpose because we have a legitimate interest to maintain business continuity and to ensure our business can be continued by the buyer. If you object to our use of your personal information in this way, the relevant buyer of our business may not be able to provide services to you.
In some circumstances we may also need to share your personal information if we are under a duty to disclose or share it to comply with a legal obligation.
Children’s Guidelines:
The Society (www.acs.org) meets the guidelines of TRUSTe’s Children’s program.
Back to top
 

