
When you use Jobtome services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it.
1. References about Data Controller
Jobtome International SA (owner of the brand and of the website “Jobtome” / “Jobtome.com”) handles all personal data of users
            and guests in full accordance with the provisions of the European privacy legislation.
2. Data collected through browsing
When you visit Jobtome, we gather some personal data, such as pages viewed, links or buttons clicked, date and time of access, your IP address, the browser used and your operating system
            (following “Browsing Data”), that will be used only to obtain anonymous statistical information on the use of the website or for purposes strictly linked to its running. Furthermore, we
            track the opening of e-mails that notify new jobs and the number of clicks on attached links for statistical purposes.
3. Data voluntarily provided
Your email address: Jobtome allows you to create a system for the notification of new job offers (Job Alert). The activation of the notification occours through the imput of the User's email address,
            the geographical area and/or the professional field in which you would like to monitor ads. THe effective enrollment at the Job alert service is subject to the current privacy policy and to service conditions.
            The email address can be entered manually or through the identification service of Facebook, provided by Facebook Inc. Through authentication, Facebook provides access to some basic information of your profile
            and other information related to permissions you give when you authorize our application. Jobtome, however, only uses your email address and does not record any other information, except what is strictly necessary to the
            operation of integration. Aside from the notification of new notices, Jobtome may send you specific job offers. These offers come from our partners who are interested in the professional figures you are tracking.
            Jobtome reserves the right to send to your e-mail address also commercial communications or advertising of services of its property or coming from third parties, including also external companies employed by Jobtome.
            As soon as you cancel the reception of the Job Alert, the service will be interrupted and your address will be removed from our database. Interruption and removal can also occur under other conditions,
            for example in the event that you stop clicking the link attached in your emails for a long period of time.
4. Uploading of Curriculum Vitae
Jobtome, for some Countries, allows his Users to upload the Curriculum Vitae in an electronic format. For the Curriculum Vitae, Jobtome does not require confidential data,
            such as health, religious beliefs and political opinions and urges its Users not to upload them.
5. Manner and place of retention of personal data
We handle your data according to the law, taking all appropriate security measures aimed to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or unauthorized destruction of Personal Data. The retention is done with
            tools, both manual and computerized and / or telematic, with organizational procedures and with logic strictly related to the stated purposes. Personal Data are handled at the registered office of the Data Controller and,
            according to services provided by third parties, also the ones outside the Country and/or outside the European Union The Data are kept for the time necessary to perform the service you have requested, and deleted at the
            fading of the purposes for which they were collected and treated.
6. Users Rights
You have the right to contact Jobtome, at the given contact addresses, to obtain:

the confirmation of the existence of your Personal Data and, if so, the list of Personal Data in possession of Jobtome;
information on the terms and purposes of the processing of your Personal Information;
updating or modification of your Personal Information;
the deletion of your Personal Data, including the deactivation of the service Job Alert.


