
At Oxfam, we rely on the generosity and support of private individuals like you to carry out our vital work to tackle poverty. That is why we want to be completely transparent about why we need the personal details we request when you support us and how we will use them.
When we will get in touch
The first time you give us personal details - for example, when you sign up to receive email updates, support our "Tag Your Bag" scheme, sign a petition, register for an event or make a donation - you will receive follow up information from us directly relevant to this activity, including how your support is helping.  Sometimes, these communications might also include other related ways you might consider supporting us.
Long-term supporters, often supporting us in different ways at different times as their lives and circumstances change and they get to know us better, really are the life-blood of Oxfam. Our aim is to communicate to our supporters in a way that makes you want to stay involved with us for as long as possible, as you see the impact of your support grow.
We will not share your data
Please be assured that we will not, under any circumstances, share your data with anyone for marketing purposes, and you will not receive offers from other companies or organisations as a result of giving your details to us.
You can unsubscribe at any time
You are free at all times to ask us to stop contacting you - simply click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or contact us via the website to be removed from our mailing lists.
What details we ask for and why
There are minimum levels of data we need to capture for different purposes - such as donating money or signing up to Gift Aid. We always ask for your name and title so we know how to talk to you.
Email address
We need to be able to confirm any transactions you make on the Oxfam GB website by sending you an email, which is why this field is mandatory on all our web forms.
We capture consent to send marketing emails on each form, but if you do not wish to receive these, simply uncheck the corresponding box before you submit the form.
Postal address
We ask for your house number and postcode so that we hold a valid postal address for you. We need this information for the following reasons:

To set up Direct Debits and one-off card payments
To claim Gift Aid
To deliver items to you (items you have purchased or event materials for example)
If you have consented to receive marketing emails and / or post from us, we will use your postcode and address to send you more relevant information, such as events in your local area.

Telephone number
We would like to be able to contact you by phone, however you are not required to provide your telephone number to us, unless the form field is mandatory a specific reason is given on the form. If you would rather not receive such contact, please email us at changes@oxfam.org.uk, phone 0300 200 1300 or write to Supporter Relations, Oxfam House, John Smith Drive, Cowley, Oxford, OX4 2JY.
SMS
You can opt out of SMS communications by texting NOINFO to 70066. This is charged at standard rate only.
Cookies
Oxfam also uses cookies. Cookies are small text files on your device.  They are made by your web browser when you visit a website. Every time you go back to that website, your browser will send the cookie file back to the website's server. They improve your experience of using a website, for example, by remembering your preference settings and by measuring your use of a website to ensure that it meets your needs. See our Cookie Policy for more detail on how we use cookies and how you can control your
    cookie preferences.
Please read our Privacy Policy for full details on how we handle your data. Thank you for supporting Oxfam.

