
March 2016



HONG KONG BAPTIST UNIVERSITY

The Privacy Policy Statement

The Hong Kong Baptist University, as a Data User, respects the privacy of personal data. The University is fully supportive of and committed to upholding the spirit of the six Data Protection Principles and to complying with the requirements of the Ordinance in its management practices. For compliance with the requirements of the Ordinance, the University has prepared the "Code of Practice for Compliance with the Data Protection Principles specified in The Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance" to ensure compliance by staff members in the strictest standards of security and confidentiality. The main points of the University's privacy policy and practices are summarised as follows.

Purpose and manner of collection of personal data

1. Personal data will only be collected for a lawful purpose, and by lawful and fair means. Data collected in relation to a specified purpose must be adequate but not excessive in respect of the purpose. Upon collection, the Data Subject must be explicitly informed of:

(a) the purpose(s) for which the data are to be collected and the groups of persons to whom the data may be transferred;
(b) whether it is obligatory or voluntary for such data to be supplied, and the consequences of not supplying the obligatory data;
(c) the right of the Data Subject to request access to, and correction of data held by the Data Users; and
(d) the person in charge to handle such data access and correction requests.

Accuracy and duration of retention of personal data

2. All reasonably practicable steps will be taken to ensure that the personal data kept is accurate.

3. Personal data will not be kept longer than is necessary for the fulfilment of the purpose for which it is collected.

Use of personal data

4. Without the prescribed consent of a Data Subject, the personal data will not be used for any purpose other than the purpose for which the data was originally collected. The prescribed consent may be withdrawn by a Data Subject.

Security of personal data

5. All reasonably practicable steps will be taken to ensure that personal data held are protected against unauthorised or accidental access, processing, erasure or other use.

6. Regarding the transmission of personal data over the Internet, the University has imposed the following security measures:

(a) Encryption - The University is continuously enhancing the implementation of encryption mechanism in protecting the University data. Encryption technology, such as SSL, will be employed whenever possible, for the transmission of data collected online. The University servers are, to the maximum possible extent, protected against security attacks over the Internet by means of system securities set up and the "Firewalls". A well-organised and safe system of backups is in place.

As such, users' data supplied to the University will reside in the University servers which are protected to the maximum possible extent against unauthorised or accidental access, processing, erasure or other illegitimate manipulation.

(b) Use of Cookies - In order to protect the users' privacy, the University will normally not implement applications with cookies requirement. In rare cases, when "session cookies" are used, a statement will be provided on its web page to alert users before initiating or signing in the application. The "session cookies" helps the University to recognise users' identity when they visit multiple pages in its web application within the same login session, so that the University does not need to ask users for their password on each page. Once users sign out or close their browser, the cookie expires and no longer has any effect. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. Users may choose to set their browser to decline the cookies or inform them when the cookies are set. However, in this way, they may not be able to visit some portions of the University's website.

Any information collected by "cookies" is anonymous and does not contain any personal data. Although through cookies, the University's web servers can monitor which sites the users have visited, which pages they have seen and which options they have chosen, the University will NOT make any analysis on these cookies data NOR provide such data to outside organisations.

7. At the same time, the University does not allow users, both internal and external, to make rude and annoying spamming which includes sending unsolicited email, making mailbombs, disseminating commercial advertisements/promotions and distributing mail chain letter. Appropriate action including legal prosecution may be taken to the offenders.

Information to be generally available

8. The following information in relation to personal data of the University will be generally available:

(a) the kinds of personal data held;
(b) the main purpose for which personal data are used; and
(c) the policies and practices in relation to personal data.

Access to personal data

9. A Data Subject will have the right to request access to his/ her personal data held by a Data User, through writing to the data holding department/office. A fee, which is not excessive, will be charged for the processing. The Data Subject will be notified of the outcome within 40 days of submitting his/her access request, and will be given a reason if a data correction request is refused.

10. A Data Subject also has the right to request the data holding department/office in writing for correction of his/her personal data.
Management personal data

11. For each group of data collected from a Data Subject or a group of Data Subjects, the University designates the department/office which collects, holds and uses the data as the Primary (Data) Holder (PH). It is held responsible for updating, protecting, providing access to and meeting requests for access/correction from the Data Subjects. The other departments/offices which make use of the same data transferred from the PH are the Secondary Data Users (SDUs). SDUs are expected to observe the six Data Protection Principles as well, particularly with regard to duration of data retention and use and security of data.

12. Data Users should adhere to the Data Protection Principles and draw up internal guidelines and practices for adoption by members of their respective departments/ offices where appropriate.

13. A Data Protection Officer is to be appointed from each Faculty/School/Office of the University to help protect the privacy of the data held in the Faculty/School/Office, in compliance with the six Data Protection Principles, review and improve the relevant internal process and enhance the awareness of protecting personal data privacy among his or her colleagues in the Faculty/School/Office.

The kinds of personal data held by the University and the respective purpose(s) of collection are enclosed for information.

 
Personal data held by the University and the respective purpose(s) of collection

Personal data kept in different Faculties/Schools/Offices vary depending on their purpose of collection. In general terms, personal data could be classified as factual, evaluative, or statistical data. Factual data are mostly provided by the Data Subjects themselves, evaluative data are normally provided by another person on the Data Subjects, whereas statistical data are derived primarily from factual and evaluative data. For the latter purpose, personal data are depersonalized before statistical analyses are performed. Examples of personal data kept by the University include the following:

(a) identification data, e.g., name, Identity Card/Passport No., photo, etc.
(b) personal details, e.g., age, sex, date of birth, contact telephone, address, etc.
(c) family data, e.g., marital status, details of other family members, etc.
(d) contractual data, e.g., appointment period, terms of appointment, etc.
(e) education background and employment details
(f) record of assessment and review, e.g., self-statements, review/promotion panel resolutions, etc.

1. Personal data of Job Applicants kept in the Personnel Office include applicants' personal particulars, copies of qualifications, record of experience, test results, interview assessment, resolution of assessment panel, last employers’ references, external assessors’ reports, etc. They are kept for recruitment administration purposes. These personal data will be transferred to the relevant Faculty/School/ Department/Office for recruitment consideration and will be kept until the completion of the recruitment exercise.

2. Personal data of Staff of the University are kept for various purposes in manpower planning and management, development and maintenance of employment relationship. These will include the provision of access to and usage of University facilities, benefits, remuneration and payroll, preparing tax returns, facilitating performance appraisals, review of appointment, promotion, granting awards/fellowship, organising training and development activities. Staff data may be transferred to the Departments/Offices of the University providing facilities or staff benefits, insurers, medical and dental practices/consultants, fund administrators/ managers of the Superannuation Fund or Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme(s), and auditors appointed by the University for the above-mentioned purposes.

3. Personal data of Former Staff of the University are kept in the Personnel Office. Physical personal files of former staff, which contain personal particulars, family data, contractual data, evaluative data and other benefits-related data, will be destroyed after a retention period. Basic data of former staff will be kept electronically for provision of certificate of service.

4. Personal particulars, examination results and evaluative data of Student Applicants are collected as a basis for selection of applicants for admission. Data of successful applicants will be transferred and become part of the student records kept by the University. These data in electronic format with personal identification data masked will be kept for statistical purpose. All hard copies of unsuccessful applications will be destroyed upon completion of the admission process.

5. Personal data of Students of the University, including personal particulars, family data, education background, academic and assessment records, as well as senate resolutions, are kept for registration, academic and administrative communication, statistical purposes as well as provision of student welfare services. Upon graduation of students, their personal data and basic study information will be transferred to the Alumni Affairs Office of the University and become Alumni data.

6. Personal data of Alumni, Donors and Prospective Donors are collected, kept and used for the purposes of handling donation related matters, sending news and updates, invitation to the University events and gatherings, data analyses and generation of statistical reports.
 

Should you have any queries concerning the Policy, please call (852) 3411 7400.


 

