TagRugby.ie Privacy Statement

 
Irish Tag Rugby Association Limited (hereafter “ITRA”, “we”, “us”), is committed to  protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully  (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
  
In order to make your visits to our website as responsive as possible, we collect information when you visit us. To help ensure an enjoyable online experience for all of our visitors, we provide this summary of what information we collect online, and how we use that  information. This privacy policy statement applies only to the information collected online by us. 
  
We are committed to protecting the privacy of users of this website. We are aware that, as a
  
This privacy statement explains policies on data collection and use practices of the ITRA (www.tagrugby.ie) website (the “Site”) hosted by Jalmia Limited for ITRA. This does not apply to other online or offline ITRA sites, products, or services. Our website contains links to other sites not controlled or operated by us. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of websites that we do not control or operate. By accessing the Site, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement. 


COLLECTION OF INFORMATION

1. NAVIGATIONAL INFORMATION

We gather navigational information about where visitors go on our website. This information allows us to see which areas are most visited and helps us improve the quality of your online experience by recognising and delivering more of the most desired features and services.
 
 
2. TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
 
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to identify website visitors unless required to do so by rule of law. 
 
 
 
The technical details logged are confined to the following items: 

The User’s IP address 
The previous website address from which the user reached us, including any search criteria used. 
Click screen data which shows the traffic of users around this website - for example pages accessed and documents downloaded. 
The type of web browser used by the website user. 

3. COOKIES 
 
Cookies are very small text files stored on your hard drive. They uniquely identify your computer and allow us to store profile information, improve website security and help us to customise your website experience. 
 
 
 
Cookies are used on this site for the venue pages. A unique user identity is created when you choose a specific venue as your home location, which ensures that you are brought directly to this venue page next time you visit the website. For more detailed information on cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
 
4. PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 
If you register a team or sign up as an individual play for one of our events (or make other transactions on our website), we will gather personal information, such as name, email, telephone number and credit card details, as well as information about your purchases on our website. We will not make this database list available to other unaffiliated companies for their marketing purposes, unless specific consent for such transfer to third party affiliates has been received from you.
 
 
 
If you sign up as a player or referee on our website, you will be asked to provide your email address and mobile contact number. This enables you to receive information on ITRA events from us via email and SMS. We do not make the names in our mailing list available to other unaffiliated companies for their marketing purposes. 
 
 
 


USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

ITRA only holds and uses personal information to provide additional service to our customers. These services include, but are not restricted to, making payments easier by holding default details for payment & delivery and informing you periodically by email and/or SMS of upcoming ITRA Events, special offers etc. 
 
 
 
If you previously signed up to receive information from us, but no longer wish to receive it, simply email info@tagrugby.ie or call 01 2020100 and we will remove you from our database. Please be aware, even if you ask to be removed from our mailing list, you will still receive e-mail notifications regarding teams registered in current or upcoming ITRA Events.
 
 
 
ITRA will not disclose ‘Personal Information’ to any unaffiliated third party without prior consent being obtained from the customer concerned, unless if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: 

Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ITRA or the Site. 
Protect and defend the rights or property of ITRA. 
Act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of ITRA employees or agents, users of ITRA products or services, or members of the public. 

 
Please be aware that we may use third party contractors to help provide services to you, such as processing payments, monitoring site activity, serving site content, organising information, conducting surveys and administering e-mails, drawings or contests. Outside contractors who have access to personal data are required to treat the personal information in a confidential manner.
 
 
DATA PROTECTION ACT 
 
ITRA holds information on users and members in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998, and will adhere to any other relevant future legislation in this area. Under this legislation, account holders can obtain a copy of all information which ITRA has on its databases in relation to them. Account holders wishing to obtain such information should contact ITRA at info@tagrugby.ie. ITRA reserves the right to charge a fee of €5 for providing copies of such information to you. 
 
 
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 
ITRA strictly protects the security of your personal information and honours your choices for its intended use. ITRA carefully protects your data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.
 
 
 
Customer also have a significant role in protecting their information. No unauthorised person can see or edit your personal information without knowing your log in details (username and password), so do not share these with others.
 
 
SITE SECURITY 
 
ITRA has a committed security policy. ITRA will retain copies of the information provided when you register on the website, order any products / services from the site and enter into any competitions. ITRA implements a number of sophisticated security measures to ensure the safety of any personal information provided. The information is contained on a secure server, which is accessible only by a limited number of employees who have authorised access rights to such information.
 
 
 
All sensitive and credit / debit card information supplied by any customer in the process of payment is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. SSL is commonly-used for managing the security of message transmission on the Internet through public-and-private key encryption and a digital certificate that establishes your credentials when doing Internet business or other on-line transactions. This certificate is issued by a certification authority, in our case Thwate Security. To see the certificate for this site click here (NEED HYPERLINK TO SECURE CERT). When you are asked to enter any personal details or credit card information the web site will be secure. This is easily identifiable by an icon in the bottom of the browser window resembling an unbroken key or a closed lock. SSL ensures that the information being transmitted to ITRA is secure. 
 
 
 
If your browser supports SSL, and if you entered our site via our secure server access, then transmission of any sensitive data will be protected. If your browser does not support SSL, we recommend that you upgrade to the latest version of any browser to enhance the security of further transactions, otherwise the transmission of your personal data may not be protected and ITRA disclaims any responsibility in this regard. 
 
 
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT 
 
As the Site expands, improves, and updates ITRA’s offerings and services, ITRA reserves the right to modify or amend the policy at any time and for any reason. When policy changes occur, ITRA will revise the "updated" date at the top of this privacy statement.
 
 
 
For material changes to this privacy statement, ITRA will notify you by placing a prominent news story on the website. ITRA encourages you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how the organization is helping to protect the personal information collected. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and updates to this statement.
 
 
 
Please be aware that this privacy statement, and any other choices you make on the Site, will not necessarily apply to personal information you may have provided to ITRA in the context of other, separately operated, ITRA products or services. 
 
 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
 
ITRA welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you believe that we have not adhered to this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mail at info@tagrugby.ie or by calling 01 2020100. ITRA will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. 
 
 