TAGRUGBY.IE PRIVACY POLICY
(Updated on 24th May 2018)
  
The Irish Tag Rugby Association Limited (hereafter “ITRA”, “we”, “us”), is committed to  protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.
 


Our website contains links to other sites not controlled or operated by us. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of websites that we do not control or operate. By accessing this website, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement. 
 
A. Data Controller

“ITRA” (referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” or “Tagrugby” in this policy) refers to the tag rugby events organisation, which runs adult and youth tag rugby tournaments, leagues, blitzes and competitions. ITRA is the “data controller” of all personal information that is collected and used about tag rugby customers for the purposes of the Irish Data Protection Act 2018. Irish Tag Rugby Association Limited is registered in Ireland with registration number 330313 and registered offices at 5 Rogan's Court, Patrick St, Dun Laoalghaire, Co Dublin.This privacy statement explains policies on data collection and use practices of the Tagrugby.ie website, hosted by Jalmia Solutions for ITRA. This statement applies only to the information collected online and does not apply to other offline ITRA sites, products or services.Our website contains links to other sites not controlled or operated by us. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of websites that we do not control or operate. By accessing this website, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.“ITRA” (referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” or “Tagrugby” in this policy) refers to the tag rugby events organisation, which runs adult and youth tag rugby tournaments, leagues, blitzes and competitions. ITRA is the “data controller” of all personal information that is collected and used about tag rugby customers for the 
B. Website Policy
1. Information

All information provided on our website is supplied in good faith. We endeavour to display the most up-to-date and accurate information and will happily correct any mistakes made. We cannot though be held responsible for any errors or omissions in details provided online. 

2. Credit Card Security
Using a credit card to make purchases via our website is a secure way to pay for your items. We have put a number of security steps in place to give you, the customer, total confidence when purchasing your items via our website. Your credit card information is only supplied to our Credit Card processing company at the relevant stage of the payment process. We do not retain any records of credit card information on our web servers. 

3. Pricing
All items purchased will be charged in Euro (Ireland) or Sterling (UK). For an exact conversion rate for your currency, please contact your bank or credit card provider. 

4. Articles and website content
The info on this website is not meant to replace the advice of a medical expert. Regarding your own specific situation, do not rely upon any information that you read to replace consultations or advice received by qualified health professional. The information provided is intended for educational purposes only and it should never be construed as medical advice. Website contributors have no liability towards the choices you make towards your own health after reading the content. Furthermore, each article might not apply to every individual. 

C. Collection of Information

1. Navigational Information

We gather navigational information about where visitors go on our website. This information allows us to see which areas are most visited and helps us improve the quality of your online experience by recognising and delivering more of the most desired features and services. 

2. Technical Information

Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to identify website visitors unless required to do so by rule of law. The technical details logged are confined to the following items: 

•  The User’s IP address; 
•  The previous website address from which the user reached us, including any search criteria used; 
•  Click screen data ,which shows the traffic of users around this website - for example pages accessed and documents downloaded; and 
•  The type of web browser used by the website user . 

3. Cookies

Cookies are very small text files stored on your hard drive. They uniquely identify your computer and allow us to store profile information, improve website security and help us to customise your website experience. Cookies are used on this site for the venue pages. A unique user identity is created when you choose a specific venue as your home location, which ensures that you are brought directly to this venue page next time you visit the website. For more detailed information on cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
 


4. Personal Information

If you register a team or sign up as an individual to play in one of our events, you will be asked to provide your email address and mobile phone number. This information allows us to contact you with detailed information about the event you have registered for, including in case of a cancellation. These operational communications are not made for marketing purposes, should not be considered as spam and cannot be opted-out of. 

We will also use your contact details to keep you informed via email and/or SMS about ITRA events, news and offers that we think will be of interest to you. We will always give you the chance to unsubscribe should you choose to do so. At the bottom of every marketing email / SMS, there will always be an “unsubscribe” button. 

We do not make the contact details of our database available to other unaffiliated companies for their marketing purposes, unless specific consent for such transfer to third party affiliates has been received from the user. 

Any personal information we hold will be held securely and in accordance with our internal security policy and the law. 

5. Access and Control of your Personal Information
If you have any questions/comments about privacy or your personal information, please do not hesitate to get in touch with us via email You can usually modify your browser to prevent the storing of cookies. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. We also track click through links in emails sent as part of our ezine service., you will be asked to provide your email address and mobile phone number. This information allows us to contact you with detailed information about the event you have registered for, including in case of a cancellation. These operational communications are not made for marketing purposes, should not be considered as spam and cannot be opted-out of.We will also use your contact details to keep you informed via email and/or SMS about ITRA events, news and offers that we think will be of interest to you. We will always give you the chance to unsubscribe should you choose to do so. At the bottom of every marketing email / SMS, there will always be an “unsubscribe” button.We do not make the contact details of our database available to other unaffiliated companies for their marketing purposes, unless specific consent for such transfer to third party affiliates has been received from the user.Any personal information we hold will be held securely and in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.If you have any questions/comments about privacy or your personal information, please do not hesitate to get in touch with us via email info@tagrugby.ie or phone 01 2020100. 
6. Use of Your Personal Information
ITRA only holds and uses personal information to provide additional services to our customers, such as informing you of upcoming payment deadlines or news and special offers via our ezine service. 

If you previously subscribed to this service but no longer wish to receive information, simply click “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of the next ezine you receive. 

Please note that, if you ask to be removed from our mailing list, you will start receiving communication once again from us if you register for a new tag rugby event on our website. 

ITRA will not disclose personal information to any unaffiliated third party without prior consent being obtained from the customer, unless required to do so by law or in the good faith that such action is necessary to: 

• Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ITRA. 
• Protect and defend the rights or property of ITRA. 
• Act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of ITRA stafff, agents, users of ITRA products or members of the public. 

Please be aware that we may use third party contractors to help provide services to you, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, serving site content, organising information, conducting surveys, administering ezine and SMS campaigns, organising competitions etc. Outside contractors who have access to personal data are required to treat the information in a confidential manner.  
 
7. Retention of Personal Data
In broad terms, we will not retain your data for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purpose it is being processed for. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the purposes for which we process it and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means. 

We must also consider periods for which we might need to retain personal data in order to meet our legal obligations or to deal with complaints, queries and to protect our legal rights in the event of a claim being made. 

When we no longer need your personal data, we will securely delete or destroy it.
 
D. Access to Your Information
If you would like to know what personal information ITRA holds about you, you may make a request to ITRA for copies of this information. You should be aware that we will need to see proof of identity before processing any such request (known as a ‘subject access request’) and may charge an administration fee of up to €10 to cover our costs in providing you with this information. 

All subject access requests should be made via email to If you would like to know what personal information ITRA holds about you, you may make a request to ITRA for copies of this information. You should be aware that we will need to see proof of identity before processing any such request (known as a ‘subject access request’) and may charge an administration fee of up to €10 to cover our costs in providing you with this information.All subject access requests should be made via email to info@tagrugby.ie  
 
E. Security of Your Personal Information
ITRA strictly protects the security of your personal information and honours your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction. As explained above, your personal information is never shared outside the company. Inside the company, data is stored on password-controlled servers only accessible to co-workers who need it to carry out their job responsibilities. 

Customers also have a significant role in protecting their information. No unauthorised person can see or edit your information without knowing your team/group login (username and password), so do not share these with others. 

Site Security
ITRA has a committed Security Policy. We retain the information you provide when registering on our website for any event but implement a number of sophisticated security measures to ensure the safety of this personal information. The information is contained on a secure server, which is accessible only by a limited number of employees who have authorised access rights to such information. 
 


If your browser supports SSL, and if you entered our site via our secure server access, then transmission of any sensitive data will be protected. If your browser does not support SSL, we recommend that you upgrade to the latest version of any browser to enhance the security of further transactions - otherwise the transmission of your personal data may not be protected and ITRA disclaims any responsibility in this case. 
 
All sensitive and credit / debit card information supplied by any customer in the process of payment is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. SSL is commonly-used for managing the security of message transmission on the Internet through public-and-private key encryption and a digital certificate that establishes your credentials when doing Internet business or other on-line transactions. When you are asked to enter any personal details or credit card information, the website will be secure. This is easily identifiable by a green lock icon in the Page Address URL. SSL ensures that the information being transmitted to ITRA is secure.If your browser supports SSL, and if you entered our site via our secure server access, then transmission of any sensitive data will be protected. If your browser does not support SSL, we recommend that you upgrade to the latest version of any browser to enhance the security of further transactions - otherwise the transmission of your personal data may not be protected and ITRA disclaims any responsibility in this case.F. Changes to this Privacy Policy
As the ITRA website expands, improves and updates, we reserve the right to modify or amend the policy at any time and for any reason. When policy changes occur, ITRA will automatically update the Terms & Conditions with the new details. 

For material changes to this privacy statement, we will notify you either by placing a prominent notice on the ITRA website or by sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how the organisation is helping to protect the personal information collected. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and updates to this statement. 

Please be aware that this privacy statement and any other choices you make on the website will not necessarily apply to personal information you may have provided to us in the context of other, separately operated, ITRA events.
 
G. Contact Information
ITRA welcomes your comments regarding these Terms & Conditions. If you have any questions or queries, please contact us by e-mail at 

By disclosing your personal information to us, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by ITRA in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.ITRA welcomes your comments regarding these Terms & Conditions. If you have any questions or queries, please contact us by e-mail at info@tagrugby.ie or call us on 01 2020100. ITRA will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.By disclosing your personal information to us, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by ITRA in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.