
Your privacy is a top priority for us.


Our commitment to privacy When dealing with your personal information we observe our obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 and comply with the Australian Privacy Principles, as well other relevant State legislation. The Act is available at http://www.comlaw.gov.au When personal information no longer required, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner, according to regulations outlined by Administrative Functions Disposal Authority (AFDA). In using our website, you are entitled to expect that any information as a result of that use will be treated within the terms of the New South Wales government's privacy responsibilities and obligations. The Sydney Children's Hospitals Network (SCHN) website is maintained by Sydney Children's Hospitals Network. This Privacy Policy applies to all the publicly accessible pages on the SCHN site located at www.schn.health.nsw.gov.au. Sydney Children's Hospitals Network does not have any responsibility for the privacy policies or practices of third party sites linked to the SCHN site. Our Privacy Policy sets out how we will collect, use, store, disclose and de-identify your personal information. Updated December 2017. What information do we collect? When you browse this website, we automatically record the following information: the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the machine which has accessed it your top-level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .edu, .au, .uk etc.) the address of your server the date and time of your visit to the site the pages accessed and documents downloaded the previous site visited the type of browser, device and operating system you have used. Only sessional cookies are used from this website to collect information. This means once you finish using the website no information is kept. How do we use the information we collect? The information we collect during each visit is aggregated with similar logged information and published in reports in order for the Sydney Children's Hospitals Network to identify patterns of usage of the site. This helps us to improve the Sydney Children's Hospitals Network website and the services we offer. We do not disclose or publish information that identifies individual machines, or potentially identifies sub-groupings of addresses, without consent or otherwise in accordance with the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1988. What exceptions are there to this rule? Sydney Children's Hospitals Network will collect, use and disclose more extensive information than stated above in the following circumstances: unauthorised attempts to access files which are not published Sydney Children's Hospitals Network pages; unauthorised tampering or interference with files published on the Sydney Children's Hospitals Network site; unauthorised attempts to index the contents of the Sydney Children's Hospitals Network site by other sites; attempts to intercept messages of other users of the Sydney Children's Hospitals Network site; communications which are defamatory, abusive, vilify individuals or groups or which give rise to a suspicion that an offence is being committed; and attempts to otherwise compromise the security of the web server, breach the laws of the State of New South Wales or Commonwealth of Australia or interfere with the enjoyment of the Sydney Children's Hospitals Network site by other users. Sydney Children's Hospitals Network reserves the right to make disclosures to relevant authorities where the use of the Sydney Children's Hospitals Network site raises a suspicion that an offence is being, or has been, committed. In the event of an investigation, Sydney Children's Hospitals Network will provide access to data to any law enforcement agency that may exercise a warrant to inspect our logs. Is the information stored securely? Information collected is stored in an appropriately secure format as required by law and held for archival purposes. When the information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected it is deleted. What will we do with the information you provide as feedback? We provide electronic feedback forms for the Sydney Children's Hospital, Randwick and The Children's Hospital at Westmead to allow you to comment on our services. Users may provide personal details for the purpose of receiving a reply to their feedback. This information will only be used for the purpose for which it was provided. We will not add your email address or name to any mailing list. Sydney Children's Hospitals Network may publish aggregated information about feedback on the website, but it will not identify, or be able to be used to identify individual users. Complaints about a breach of your privacy If you’re concerned about how we have collected or managed your personal information please call us on telephone on (02) 9845 3364. If you wish to raise an issue about your privacy, please contact us by email at: SCHN-CHW-PR@health.nsw.gov.au If you are still not satisfied, you can make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. Questions about this policy If you have a question about this privacy policy or want to access your personal information you can contact us at: SCHN-CHW-PR@health.nsw.gov.au We aim to respond to you within 28 days of receiving your request. If we’re not able to help with your request, we will let you know in writing. 
