

Profiling and automated decision making
RSC does itself carry out automated decision making or profiling. We will share email addresses, which have been given directly to RSC by data subjects, or browsing information,   obtained in ways such as pixel tracking, to enable us to show tailored adverts on a third party platform, such as Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and Google, whom may perform profiling.

Film and Video
We have a procedure in place in relation to our use of images through use of photographs and video, including process for consent to use (as applicable), retention and deletion. For more information please contact our Data Protection Officer at the address shown above.
CCTV at Thomas Graham House or Burlington House
RSC operates use of CCTV surveillance cameras at these offices. Surveillance is monitored through a live feed by RSC staff within our Facilities Management and Hospitality teams. Off-site/remote access to surveillance footage is only granted to our staff and is provided securely through our IT system, subject to our off-site working practices and policies. Surveillance cameras are located in public access areas such as meeting rooms, post rooms, corridors, cafes, canteens, libraries, stairs, lifts, reception areas and fire exits. Surveillance cameras on these sites record images only; there is no recording of sound. 
Our staff will have 24 hour access to the surveillance feeds and may access them during out of office hours in the case of an emergency, incident or alarm activation at our sites. 
Surveillance footage is stored securely for a period of 60 (sixty) days in our UK based servers, after which time the surveillance footage is automatically deleted.
In the event of an incident or accident at either site, the footage may be downloaded by our staff and stored securely on our UK based servers in the interests of preserving evidence for any potential investigation and/or claim(s). Any such downloaded footage may also be shared with the relevant authorities, including the Police, where we are required to do so by law. We may retain footage that is downloaded and/or stored for these purposes for a period up to 6 (six) years to take into account the statutory limitation periods for any potential investigation(s) and claim(s). Once any potential investigation(s) or claim(s) has concluded, we will delete the relevant footage.
Access to the surveillance footage is limited to our staff and those third party contractors that are required to perform maintenance and servicing of the surveillance camera equipment, including ADT Fire and Security PLC (“ADT”). ADT are our chosen third party contractors for this service at both sites, however, alternative third party contractors in the same industry may be used by us to maintain and service our surveillance camera equipment in the event of an emergency or a change in our requirements. ADT, or any such third party contractor, will not have access to the surveillance footage off-site/remotely.

