Through this website the Cyprus Advanced Driving and Road Safety Network (also known as CyprusDriving) try to supply information that is as up to date and as accurate as possible but laws, regulations and procedures can change without notice.Our sources of information are usually reliable, but we cannot be held in anyway responsible for omissions or errors that may occur.Nor can we be held liable for actions taken by a third party as a result of this information. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.   In no event will the Cyprus Advanced Driving and Road Safety Network be liable for any loss or damageincluding without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.Occasionally the interpretation and implementation of procedures in Cyprus have, historically, been fairly flexible.What may be applied in one particular case may not be applied on other occasions of similar circumstances, when the correct procedure may then be applied.The appropriate Government Department makes the final decision an all matters coming within their jurisdiction.If the department is vehicle or driving related, the details of how to contact them are likely to be on this site. Please use the search facility if you have a problem finding the information you require.   It should also be understood that some of the contributors to the website may hold differing views to other contributors.They do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the majority of the Networks members.Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Cyprus Advanced Driving and Road Safety Network.We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly.However, Cyprus Advanced Driving and Road Safety Network takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.Should you find anything on the site that is incorrectplease contact us so that matter can be investigated and put right.CyprusDriving Email Privacy StatementThis e-mail message, including any attachments, is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged and/or confidential. If you are not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the communication to the intended recipient, please notify us immediately by replying to this message and then delete this message from your system. You are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, distribution and/or reproduction of this message and/or any attachments by unintended recipients is unauthorized and may be unlawful. Furthermore, although we have taken precautions to minimize the risk of transmitting software viruses, we advise you to perform your own virus checks on any attachment to this message. We do not accept liability for any loss or damage caused by software viruses.© 2015, CyprusDriving. All rights reserved. 