Introduction This privacy statement sets out the data processing practices carried out through the use of Arab Bank for economic development in Africa (BADEA) website. The statement should read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use, of which this statement forms part thereof. BADEA is committed to keeping information given by the users of our website confidential. It is necessary that users fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. BADEA is the sole owner of information collected on www.badea.org. BADEA will not sell, share, or rent this information to others, and it will be used only by BADEA for technical administration of the website, customer administration, and research and development. Links:The BADEA website may contain links to, and may be accessed from, other websites. BADEA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the BADEA website. We encourage our users to be aware that, when they leave www.badea.org, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. Collection of InformationWhen you register at www.badea.org or use our services, you volunteer the following information: 1. Personally identifiable information: Users provide the following types of personal information: · registration related information (such as your name, home or work address, telephone number, etc); · Information about the searches you carry out; and · Information about your visits to the BADEA website. Please note that no personally identifiable information is collected from visitors to our website who do not wish to register as users to www.badea.org. However, if visitors wish to contact us, send comments, or recommend www.badea.org, the visitor must provide some personally identifiable information such as name and e-mail address. This information will only be used by www.badea.org. 2. Non-personal identifiable information: Technical information is also collected when you use the website. Some of the technical information that may be collected include: the type of browser you are using, your manner of connecting to the internet, your internet protocol address (which is the internet address of your computer, that all computers automatically provide whenever accessing the internet or other computers), etc. Although this tracks user traffic patterns and gathers information, it does not track individual users. Method of Collecting InformationWe collect information about you in the following ways: Cookies These are very small text files placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies work like identification cards informing the server that you are a returning visitor to the web page. They can only be read by the server that gave them to you and are unique to your computer. If you would prefer, you can set your browsers to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you do so. You can also set your browser to notify you when you receive cookies, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept them. Alternatively, you may switch off cookies by changing your browser settings. Use of Information Information gathered is mainly used for the following: · To operate and improve these website; · To enhance the user's experience; · To personalize the content for individuals and respond to their queries; · To conduct research about the use of the website; and Legal matters: The BADEA website will not disclose your personal data to third parties unless we are required by law or legal process to provide information regarding a user. Commitment to Security BADEA website has established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of www.badea.org. Reasonable steps will always be taken to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. All our employees and data processors that have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data. However, we cannot guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties acting illegally). Privacy Policy Changes This privacy statement states our current practices and policies. If our practices change in the future, this statement will be updated and posted here so that you have the latest information on our data collection and use policies. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact: The Portal Manager Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa Information Technology Department P.O. Box 2640 Khartoum - Republic of Sudan Tel : 249-1-83773646 /83773709 FAX : 249-1-83770600/83770498 E-mail: badea@badea.org E-mail: it@badea.org 