
This is the Privacy Policy for the Ramblers. 
We respect your privacy and will not sell your personal information to any third party. 
We are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of your personal information. 
Any personal information you provide to us will be treated in accordance with this policy and current UK Data Protection legislation. 
We are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner for the United Kingdom and the Channel Islands. 
Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you. For example, it can include information such as your name, date of birth, email address, postal address, telephone number, fax number and credit/debit card details. 
Uses of personal information
 We collect personal information when you ask about our activities, register with us, (for example, signing one of our campaign petitions), order products and services, (such as publications and email newsletters), make a donation to us, or otherwise give us personal information.  
By providing personal information you consent to its processing as described in this policy – examples of processing include: to process membership subscriptions, managing Ramblers Walking for Heath and Ramblers Group activities; to contact you with information on our partnerships and campaigning work and to help us to reduce administration costs. 
When we collect your personal information we use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access. However, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. 
In order to administer the activities we provide, your personal information may also be shared with local group membership secretaries in your area and Walking for Health scheme co-ordinators. Your details will be used to keep you updated with your local walks programs and walking events that may interest to you. 
 
Your personal information is also used for: 

Communications about our campaigning work 
Communication about activities 
Fundraising 
Marketing and marketing purposes 
Administration purposes 
Fulfilment of orders for goods and services 
Administration of donations and legacies 
Customer satisfaction surveys 
Research and analysis 

Personal information disclosure
We sometimes use other companies to capture personal information or undertake fulfilment services on our behalf, these activities are carried out under contract and in compliance with the Data Protection Act. 
People aged under 18
If you are aged under 18, please ensure you obtain your parent/guardian's consent before providing any personal information. We will not accept donations or orders for goods or services from persons aged under 18 years. 
Dispute Resolution
If you think we have not followed our Privacy Policy in some way or if you have questions about this policy. You can contact us by mail at the following address: 2nd Floor Camelford House, 87-90 Albert Embankment, London, SE1 7TW UK. You may also contact us by email at ramblers@ramblers.org.uk or you may call us at +44 (0)20 7339 8500. 
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer when you visit our website. Please read our information on cookies to find out how cookies are being used on this website, how they affect you and how you can manage them. 

Notification of change of Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Notice of any change will be posted on our website and will be deemed effective on publication. 

