
 
Introduction
The processing of your personal data is carried out by or on behalf of the Ramblers. The Ramblers Association is a registered charity in England & Wales No: 1093577, and in Scotland No: SC039799. We are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner for the United Kingdom and the Channel Islands, data controller number Z7904496.
We respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining the security of your personal information. This policy outlines how and why we collect and use personal data. We want to ensure you are informed and in control of your data. 
Please be assured that we will never sell your personal data, and will only ever share it with third parties where we have your permission and/or where it is necessary for us to fulfil a contract or service obligation.


Questions?
If you have any questions about this policy or how we use your personal data, please contact us by email at dataprotection@ramblers.zendesk.com


What data we collect
We collect personal data provided by you. This includes information you give us when you join as a member, join us on a walk, take action to support our work or become a volunteer.
For example:

We collect personal details (name, address, date of birth, email address, telephone etc) when you join the Ramblers as a member.
We collect financial information (payment information, gift aid eligibility etc) when you make a donation to an appeal or become a member.
We collect information about your interests and preferences, such as which campaigns you support, where you like to walk and how you would like us to contact you.

If you purchase a Ramblers gift membership for someone else, your details will also be recorded. 


How we use your information
When we collect your data, we will ask for your consent to use it in different ways. We will only use your personal data in ways you have given us permission to do so. 
We may also use your data in order to:

enter into, or perform, a contract with you;
comply with a legal duty;
to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person;
for our own (or a third party’s) lawful interests, provided your rights don’t override these.

There may be occasions where we want to contact you about something that you have not explicitly signed up for. We will only do this if you have given your consent for us to contact you about similar activities, or if the communication is for a closely related purpose. For example, if you sign up to be a member of the Ramblers, we may want to let you know about other opportunities to get involved in your local area.
Membership data
When you become a member, we will hold personal information about you to help administer your membership (for example, your name, address, email address, date of birth, payment and gift aid details).  Your contact details (name and address) will be shared with local group membership secretaries and other identified volunteers in your local group and areas. This enables local volunteers to let you know about group walks and other local activities related to your Ramblers membership, to help you make the most of your membership.  Our Ramblers volunteers, including your local membership secretary – abide by the Ramblers privacy and data-protection policies and your information will be treated confidentially.
Walking for Health data
If you participate in the Walking for Health scheme your personal data will be shared with scheme co-ordinators to manage participation in local walks.
Medal routes data
If you use the Medal Routes app your personal data will be used for the following purposes; the analysis of walking and demographic data to identifying trends and for reporting purposes; to share public user-generated ‘Community Routes’ with other users, if made public by the app user; through representing you on our leaderboard for logged walking routes, where your username and photo will be shown to other app users. 

Any reporting of data will be anonymised and treated confidentially.
Social media
We may provide your email address and your mobile number to digital advertising or social media companies who work on our behalf, such as Facebook and Instagram so that you can be excluded from targeted advertising campaigns.

This is so we can ensure you aren’t receiving inappropriate adverts (eg one for membership when you are a member). This data is always provided in an encrypted format and is deleted immediately after use. For more information please refer to the instructions provided by the social media site: www.facebook.com/legal/terms/customaudience
Ramblers App 
When you use the Ramblers app, your personal data (such as name and email address) will be used to verify your membership of the Ramblers. This data will also be used to record your trends (i.e. the group walks you attend and the frequency of your walks). This will help us plan our membership propositions and help the groups plan more popular walks. 
The Ramblers is committed to protecting your data and your right to privacy. Personal data collected on the walk register is automatically deleted upon submission to The Ramblers. The data is also tracked through to the Insight Hub (The Ramblers business intelligence platform), where it is displayed to your group volunteers and anonymised for all other groups.
The Ramblers app uses various analytics software to anonymously track your usage of the app, so we can see which pages are most popular.
 



Administration
We collect and use personal data for administrative purposes in order to help us carry out our charity work. 

This includes:

receiving membership subscriptions and donations (e.g. direct debits or gift-aid instructions; direct debit confirmations or other payment confirmations).
maintaining contact databases of our volunteers, members, walkers and supporters, their interests and contact permissions.
performing our obligations to fulfil membership contracts.
fulfilling orders, or for other services (placed online, over the phone or in person).
helping us respect your choices and preferences. For example, if you ask us not to send you information about our charitable work which includes marketing information, we’ll keep a record of this so that we know not to contact you again.
management of our group led walks programmes, events and the national Walking for Health programme. 

Sometimes we will need to contact you, regardless of any contact preferences you may have specified. This will only ever be for essential communications in order to fulfil our promises to you as a member, walker, volunteer or buyer of goods or services from the Ramblers. 
These communications include:

Your membership renewal reminder 
Your quarterly membership magazine. Please be aware that the magazine includes advertisements, competitions and fundraising information.
Your local group and area AGM notices 

If you are registered as a Ramblers volunteer you will also receive regular volunteer updates about our work in relation to your role as a volunteer.


Disclosing and sharing data
We will never sell your personal data. 
We may share personal data with suppliers who provide us with services. For example, in order to process your membership renewal reminder, your name and address will be shared with our selected fulfilment house, who will print and post your membership renewal invitation on our behalf. However, these activities will be carried out under a contract which imposes strict requirements on our supplier to keep your information confidential and secure.


Marketing (including fundraising)
We use personal data to communicate with you to promote the work we do as a charity. This includes keeping you up to date with our news, campaigns, events and fundraising activities. 
As a charity, we rely on donations and support to continue our work. From time to time, we will contact members and supporters to let them know about our fundraising campaigns. This might be about an appeal, a competition we’re running, or to suggest ways you can raise funds (e.g. a sponsored event or activity, or buying a product if the Ramblers will receive some of the proceeds).
As with other communications, we will only contact you about fundraising if you’ve told us you’d like to hear from us about this sort of activity. You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications at any time.
Marketing includes news and information about:

our charity and our role in educating the public about walking;
events, activities and local groups that are most relevant to you;
Ramblers membership benefits and offers, to help you make the most of your membership;
volunteering opportunities, to help you get involved;
appeals and fundraising (including donations, legacies and also competitions, etc.) to support our work;
products, services and offers (our own, and occasionally those of carefully-selected third parties which may interest you); and
general membership information, to help you make the most of your membership.

We also collect information about how you respond to our communications. This helps us identify things you are interested in, and may affect how we communicate with you in the future,


Sensitive personal data
If you participate in Walking for Health, you may provide sensitive personal health data. We use this data to understand how walking benefits you, and to provide our funders with anonymous statistics.
Sensitive personal health data may also be collected as part of any accident reporting on a led walk or other organised event.  This information may be shared with our insurance company in line with our legal and insurance obligations.
When sensitive personal information is collected we will take extra care to ensure your privacy rights are protected.


Information we generate
We conduct research and analysis on the information we hold, which can in turn generate personal data. For example, by analysing your interests and involvement with our work, we are able to build a profile which helps us know/understand which of our communications are likely to interest you. Please see below under ‘Research and profiling’ for more information about how we use information for profiling and targeted marketing.


Information from third parties
We may collect information from social media where you have given us permission to do so, or if you post on one of our social media pages.


Research and profiling
We evaluate, categorise and profile personal data to help us tailor materials, services and communications and to help prevent unwanted communications from filling up your inbox. 
This also helps us understand our supporters, improve our organisation and carry out research connected to our charitable aims. 
This section explains how and why we use personal data to understand our supporters improve our relationships with them, and provide a better supporter experience.


Internal research and analysis
We carry out research and analysis on our supporters, members and volunteers, to determine the success of campaigns and appeals, better understand behaviour and responses and identify patterns and trends. This helps inform our approach and make the Ramblers a stronger and more effective organisation. Understanding our supporters, their interests and what they care about also helps us provide a better experience – for example, through more relevant communications.


Analysis and grouping
We analyse our supporter data to identify common characteristics and preferences. We do this by assessing various types of information including behaviour, for example, previous responses or demographic information, such as age or location. 
By grouping people together based on common characteristics, we can ensure you receive the communications, products and information which are most important to you. This helps ensure you receive relevant information, and means we aren’t wasting resources on contacting you with information which isn’t of interest.


Profiling to help us understand our supporters
We profile supporters in terms of financial, political and practical support. For example, we keep track of the amount, frequency and value of each person’s support. This information helps us to ensure communications are relevant and timely.
If, based on information that you have provided (such as geographical location, demographics, or previous donations), it appears an individual might be willing and able to provide more support, we may contact you to see if they wish to do so.


Anonymised data
We may aggregate and anonymise personal data so that it can no longer be linked to any particular person. This information is used for a variety of purposes, such as recruiting new supporters, research, to identify trends or patterns within our existing supporter base and to demonstrate the impact of our work. This information helps inform our actions and improve our campaigns, products/services and materials.


Young People
We will not accept donations or orders for goods or services from persons aged less than 18 years of age.


Cookies
Our website uses local storage (such as cookies) to provide you with the best possible experience and to allow you to make use of certain functionality (such as being able to shop online). A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer when you visit our website. Please read our information on cookies to find out how cookies are being used on our website, how they affect you and how you can manage them – see http://www.ramblers.org.uk/technical-stuff/use-of-cookies.aspx


Complaints
If you are unhappy about how we have used your data, you can complain to the Ramblers directly by contacting our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@ramblers.zendesk.com
If you are not happy with our response, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you can complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office which regulates and enforces data protection law in the UK. Details of how to do this can be found at www.ico.org.uk


Notification of changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Notice of any change will be posted on our website and will be deemed effective upon publication.
 
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 04/04/2019

