




ADP Online Privacy Portal
ADP's clients, associates,  suppliers and visitors provide us with vast amounts of personal  information.  Protecting the privacy and  security of this Personal Information is central to ADP's mission.  
ADP has a Global Privacy Policy that applies to all affiliates and associates worldwide. This program helps us  ensure that Personal Information is handled properly. The Global Privacy Policy  governs Personal Information  collected by ADP for its own purposes as well as information provided to us as  a data processor for our clients. It protects information collected online as  well as offline.
ADP is also committed to transparency. We want individuals to understand how we collect and use Personal Information so they can interact with ADP with  confidence.  The links below can help you  find the information you need about privacy and ADP.  If you have any other questions, please  contact us directly at Privacy@ADP.com. 
Effective date: August 1, 2016




Privacy Statement for Clients and Client Employees


ADP is committed to protecting  the privacy and security of all Personal Information that we process in order  to provide services to our clients.  We  receive Personal Information from our clients about their current, prospective  and former employees as well as employee dependents and family members, as  needed to provide benefits.  This notice  explains our practices with regard to all of the Personal Information we  receive from our clients as a data processor. 
ADP will collect and process your  Personal Information only as instructed or permitted by our client (the employer) or  you.  ADP will at all times maintain  reasonable and appropriate security controls to protect your information. 
ADP will disclose all of your Personal Information to the employer and to other entities when instructed by the  employer.  We may disclose your Personal Information to our affiliates and data processors as needed to provide the  services that you and the employer have requested.  These entities are all contractually bound to  limit use of your Personal Information as needed to perform the services.  We will also always disclose Personal  Information when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies and courts in the  United States and other countries where we operate.  
If you questions about your privacy rights, please contact your employer’s  human resources department. If you believe that ADP has not handled your Personal  Information properly, or that it has breached its privacy obligations, your  complaint may be directed at ADP’s Privacy & Data Governance Office at Privacy@ADP.com. The Privacy Office will  investigate any complaint and notify the individual within a reasonable time frame  of the outcome of the investigation.




International Data Transfers


Where authorized ADP may transfer Personal Information pertaining to individuals outside the United States to ADP affiliates and suppliers in the United States and elsewhere in the world. ADP will always protect the privacy and security of Personal Information, regardless of where it is processed.


Personal Information transfers form the European Economic Area and other countries with data transfer restrictions are authorized by approved model contracts or other appropriate means.


ADP has historically participated in the U.S-E.U. and U.S-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Programs. Although the Safe Harbor framework is no longer a valid basis for transfer of EU Personal Information, and ADP uses alternative bases for data transfers, ADP continues to comply with the Safe Harbor Principles as a demonstration of our commitment to the protection of Personal Information.

For  more information about the Safe Harbor Principles, please visit the U.S.  Department of Commerce's Website http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.






Social Security Number Protection Policy Statement


ADP collects Social Security numbers  and other sensitive Personal Information in the ordinary course of its  business. ADP has implemented reasonable technical, physical and administrative  safeguards to help protect the Social Security numbers and other sensitive  Personal Information from unlawful use and unauthorized disclosure. All ADP  associates and contractors are required to follow these established procedures,  both online and offline.
Access  to Social Security numbers is limited to those employees and contractors who  have a need to access the information to perform tasks for ADP. Social Security  numbers are only disclosed to third parties in accordance with ADP’s  established privacy policy.  ADP will only  disclose Social Security numbers to those service providers, auditors,  advisors, and/or successors-in-interest who are legally or contractually obligated  to protect them or as required or permitted by law.




California Privacy Rights


California  Civil Code Section 1798 allows California residents to  ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to  provide certain information about the companies’ sharing of personal  information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.  ADP,  LLC does not share any California consumer Personal Information with third  parties for marketing purposes without consent.  

California customers who wish to  request further information about our compliance with this law or have  questions or concerns about our privacy practices may contact us at  Privacy@ADP.com or by writing to:   

ADP
Privacy & Data Governance Office
MS 325 
One ADP Boulevard 
Roseland, NJ  07068-1728 USA




Some ADP companies have published privacy  statements on their websites that provide additional information about local  practices.  Please follow the privacy  link on affiliate websites to read these local statements. 









