Bricks in Motion Privacy PolicyPurpose of this policy:The purpose of this privacy policy is to outline what data Bricks in Motion collects and what is done with said data. This privacy policy is subject to change at any time with or without notification.Upon registration: Upon registering for Bricks in Motion, your email address and IP address will be logged in our system. This is for verification purposes to ensure that your account is valid and accessible by you, the user. This information is only accessible to moderators and administrators and will be used only in a case of emergency upon the discretion of the staff.On your profile: Upon customizing your Bricks in Motion profile, you are given to option to enter your name (or a pseudonym) into the “Director’s Name” slot. You can also input your usernames on various social media outlets and upload an avatar. All profile information is displayed publicly, but can be changed or deleted by the user at any time.Upon submitting a post: Upon creating a topic or submitting a post in the Bricks in Motion forums, the IP address of your post location is logged. This information is only accessible to moderators and administrators and will be used only in a case of emergency upon the discretion of the staff.Upon submitting a film: When you submit a film to the films directory, your film’s link and description is logged into our database. Upon submitting, you consent to us sharing the information provided (a link, the description, the uploaded thumbnail, the names of the cast and crew, etc.) on various social media outlets if we chose to do so.Upon rating a film: When you rate a film in the films directory or the releases forum, your username and IP address is logged. This information is only accessible to moderators and administrators and will be used only in a case of emergency upon the discretion of the staff.Upon winning a contest prize: If in the event you win prize in an official Bricks in Motion hosted contest, you will be asked to provide your shipping address. This information is used exclusively to ship the prize to you.The store page: We use affiliate links on our Store page. By clicking these links, you will be directed to Amazon.com which has its own privacy policy. By purchasing any item on Amazon.com using our affiliate link, you are supporting Bricks in Motion.Deleting your content: We do not allow users to delete their own posts, films, or account. If in the event you would like this content deleted, please contact an administrator and we will help solve this.Third-party disclosure: We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.Cookies: By using Bricks in Motion, you agree to allow cookies to be placed in your web browser. We use non-invasive cookies to keep you logged in and to enhance your experience on Bricks in Motion.Google Privacy: Bricks in Motion uses Google Adsense to serve ads on our website. This helps us generate revenue to keep Bricks in Motion running. Bricks in Motion also uses Google Analytics to keep track of activity on our site. By using our site, you agree to Google Analytics’ privacy policy.    Information we collect with Google Analytics:        We collect non-user-identifiable data using the Google Analytics platform. This includes site activity, demographic data, and web browser information.    Opting out of personalized Google ads:        Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act): When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.California Online Privacy Protection Act: CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-onlin  RbT51.dpuf      According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:               - Users can visit our site anonymously.      You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:                -  On our Privacy Policy Page      Can change your personal information:                - By logging in to your accountContacting Us: If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below. Moderator and Admin ListBricksInMotion.com Last Edited on 6/13/18
YouTube • Twitter • Instagram"Whatever you do, do all to the glory of God." - 1 Corinthians 10:31b"Whatever you do, do all to the glory of God." - 1 Corinthians 10:31b