
Privacy Policy


We are 100% committed to ensuring your privacy. We respect your need for appropriate protection and management of the personally identifiable information that you share with us when accessing our website.
Our privacy policy is specifically designed to meet your privacy needs.
“Personally identifiable information" is all information specific to you that you provide to us online when accessing and making use of our website or online services. Such information primarily includes personal data such as your full name, personal telephone numbers (home/ office/ cellular) and your addresses (residential/ postal/ office). You will be required to disclose this kind of information when, for example, you apply for a new account online, or request information regarding our website via e-mail or social media.
When will we ask you to furnish us with your personally identifiable information?
There are a number of instances where this kind of information will be requ ired, for example:

When you apply online for an account with us, we will collect personal information from you in order to process your application. We may retain this information to enable us to provide additional products and services, including products and services offered by our subsidiaries, that you might specifically request. Our subsidiaries fully adhere to our privacy policy.
Should you, make use of our electronic banking services, we record all your online sessions, including the transactions you authorise and transact online. This data enables us to process and confirm your transactions.
When you communicate with us via e-mail or social media, we retain the content, together with your e-mail address particulars, and our responses. This is done so that we may appropriately deal with any follow-up questions. This data is also used to determine how efficiently and effectively we address your concerns.

How do we use your personally identifiable information? 

Because we are committed to respecting your privacy, we will only use your personally identifiable information in the normal course of our business to provide you with the products and services you have requested. In order to combat incidents of fraud, your personal identifiable information will also be used to positively identify you when you contact us.
It will also enable us to maintain contact with you and give us the opportunity to inform you about any updates on services and products that we believe may be of importance or of interest to you. It's just another way we try to continuously meet your expectations and ensure that together we do better by adding value for you. 

Will we ever divulge your personally identifiable information to other persons? 

Due to our commitment to uphold your privacy, we will not, sell, trade, provide or make available your personally identifiable information to third parties for independent use. We may, however, share your personally identifiable information with our subsidiaries or other business partners if that information is required to provide the product or service you have specifically requested. Our website may contain links to or from other websites. While we try to link only to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the security or privacy practices employed by other websites. As such, we recommend that you always read the privacy and security statements on such websites.

We may release your personally identifiable information when believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to:

Comply with legal requirements as prescribed by legislation, the judiciary or any supervisory or regulatory authority
Enforce or apply the terms of use relating to our website
Protect the rights, property or safety of Bank Windhoek Limited, its other users, and the public.

Can you confirm the correctness of your personally identifiable information that we collect? 

Yes, absolutely. In the event that you ever question or dispute the accuracy of your personally identifiable information held by us, please contact your branch as soon as possible. We will investigate your question and update our records as needed. 

How is your personally identifiable information protected? 
We are committed to providing secure online banking services using the Internet. As such, all interactions with our website are protected through encryption that complies with international standards. Encryption is used to protect the transmission of your personally identifiable information when completing online application forms. Our Internet servers are protected by firewalls and intrusion detection systems. Access to information on these servers is restricted to authorised personnel only. We have also employed the services of independent security experts to test and advise us on the security of our systems and to ensure that our systems' security complies with internationally accepted standards. 
To ensure that you benefit from our security we advise you to read the security tips that we post on our website from time to time. 
Will we ever update this privacy policy? 
We reserve the right to amend this privacy statement at any time. All amendments to this statement will be posted on the website. Unless otherwise stated, the current version of this statement shall supersede and replace all previous versions of the statement. 
Who do you contact if you have questions about this privacy statement? 
If you have any questions or do not understand anything in these conditions please contact us via e-mail at info@bankwindhoek.com.na.
