State Library Victoria is committed to protecting user privacy. The Library collects personal information from users in order to achieve its statutory functions and strategic objectives, and manages that information in accordance with privacy legislation. The requirements and principles that inform the Library in relation to the collection and handling of users' personal information can be found in more detail on our Privacy policy page.The following information pertains specifically to your privacy and the Library's websites.Anonymous access to this websiteThe Library website can be accessed and browsed without disclosing your personal information.Collection & use of personal informationThe Library website does not collect or use personal information except that which you freely provide through online forms, comments or as part of a request. The Library collects personal information necessary for it to manage and administer these functions and services including:Library memberships, registrations, general inquiries and ordersaccessing the Library’s catalogue and collectionstickets to paid and free eventsparticipation in research, competitions, surveys and feedbackparticipation in programs, exhibitions and tourscontributing comments to our blogsfundraising, donations, memberships and related transactions and administrationcommercial management and venue hirerecording and responding to online interactions between the Library and community on social media channels and other multimediareceiving information and subscribing to (e)newsletters and other communications about Library events, programs and activities.The Library may in some circumstances, for the necessary performance of its functions, transfer personal information or information collected from users outside Victoria to the servers of third-party organisations.Email addressesWe will only record your email address if you complete an online form or send us a message. It will only be used for the purposes for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list unless specifically requested. You can unsubscribe or opt-out of our mailing lists at any time. We will not use your email address for any other purpose except with your consent.DisclosurePersonal information will only be used for the purpose for which you provided the information and will not be disclosed to third parties, except where we have your consent; where we are authorised or compelled by law to do so; or otherwise in exceptional circumstances.Clickstream dataWhen users visit Library websites, web servers automatically capture and log data, which includes:IP addresstop-level domain name (for example, .com, .au, .gov)date and time of site visitpages accessedfiles downloadedaddress of last site visitedbrowser type and version.CookiesLibrary websites use cookies. A cookie is a small piece of code placed on your computer which allows us to record information about your visit.We use cookies to record usage statistics for this site, such as the number of visits, documents viewed, browser type, and the way the site is navigated.  In using these cookies, we do not retrieve or record any personal information such as names or email addresses. The anonymous statistical data we collect may be aggregated and used in broader statistical analysis or to assist in making your experience easier and more efficient.AnalyticsThe Library uses analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, for the capture and provision of website statistics. These services use cookies. In addition some tools such as Google Analytics use a ‘web beacon’ or transparent image. Web beacons are a convenient way of gathering the statistics and managing cookies. Users can ‘opt out’ of Google Analytics if they use the opt-out service provided by Google.Security of your personal informationThere are risks associated with transmitting information over the internet. The Library implements various mechanisms to protect the security and integrity of personal information. While the Library strives to protect the security of information, unfortunately no data transmission can be guaranteed as completely secure. If you are concerned about transmitting sensitive information to the Library over the internet, you may prefer to contact us by mail or via telephone.Links to other sitesOur websites may contain links to other websites not operated by the Library which may be of interest to you. The Library is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites and it is recommended that you familiarise yourself with those websites' privacy policies.Gaining access to personal information & correctionYou may apply to the Library to access, correct or update your personal information. Please contact the Privacy Officer (Corporate Governance Advisor):State Library Victoria328 Swanston StreetMelbourne Vic 3000Email: privacy@slv.vic.gov.au