

            Jimdo Privacy Statement
        

            We, the Jimdo GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “Jimdo” or “we”) via this privacy policy wish to hereby inform Jimdo users and visitors of our websites as to the purpose, type and extent of the processing of personal information. Our websites and services are constantly being revised and improved. Corresponding thereto, this privacy policy shall regularly be revised and updated.  This applies in particular to those procedures used by us to carry out usage analysis, as well as those used to measure the effectiveness of advertising methods and comparable services, in particular those belonging to third parties. The current status of each of these services can be found in the tabulation located at the end of this privacy policy statement.
        

            We would also like to note the following as regards to the usage of service providers located outside of the European Union: Jimdo is a service that is offered internationally. Thus, it extends not only beyond the federal republic of Germany, but also beyond the European Union. We operate worldwide and our users are scattered across this planet. We would prefer to use European service providers for particular services and service offerings, where such providers can deliver the required services at a comparable and competitive price and service level. However, we also wish to be completely transparent. For many of the services that we use there is simply no comparable, acceptable alternative. As a result we therefore employ the use of a range of service providers outside the European Union, in particular from the USA. We take steps to ensure that measures according to European Data Protection law are taken and applied so as to guarantee an adequate level of data protection.
        

            Usage of Personal Data
        

            We collect, process and use personal data (in accordance with the definitions of the German Federal Data Processing Law) in order to provide our services. The promotion of our products and provision of information as regards product functions etc. to Jimdo Users as well as other interested parties is a natural component thereof. The scope of the processing of the personal data concerned depends on whether our websites are merely being visited or alternatively being used by a Jimdo User or more specifically if a registration as a user takes place.
        

            The processing of personal data belonging to Jimdo Users: Which information is saved and how is it used?
        

            Information that is provided by the user:
        

            When signing up for a Jimdo website the user must provide a valid email address. The Jimdo users website shall be published under a subdomain name of the Jimdo website address i.e. “username.jimdo.com” that shall either be chosen by the Jimdo user or generated automatically.
        

            The email address shall be used to send notifications regarding the Jimdo website to the Jimdo user. These notifications include for example login data, announcements, information etc.. Jimdo users always have the possibility to unsubscribe from the newsletter and the individual module notifications (e.g. notifications regarding new entries to the guestbook or via the contact form).
        

            Certain Jimdo paid packages  - for example JimdoPro or JimdoBusiness-  and/or other specific functions such as the shop - require the submission of further contact and payment details. The data submitted by the Jimdo user shall be saved until the termination of the user’s account with the exception of payment data. Due to tax regulations we are obliged to save billing information for a period of 10 years.
        

            Information regarding the use of the Jimdo Sites created by Jimdo users:
        

            When users are logged into their Jimdo website , the Jimdo server automatically collects and composes an activity log which logs the way in which Jimdo is used. This log includes information regarding the activity (including used storage space, number of logins, etc.), statistical data (such as e.g. browser type, date and time of access, cookies id and referrer URL) as well as the IP address of the Jimdo-user.
        

            Storage of cookies on your computer/device:
        

            Cookies are tiny text files stored on your computer. Most frequently, cookies are stored for the duration of the current session, i.e. until you close your browser, but in some cases they are stored longer than this. A more comprehensive overview of the cookies we use as well as the possibility to object to the processing and collecting of data via cookies (i.e. to opt out) can be found in the table at the end of this privacy policy.
            We would like to take the opportunity to inform you in advance and separately of the following cookie technologies:
        

            Session cookies for identification:
        

            When you sign into your Jimdo website, Jimdo automatically sets a cookie to recognize your browser (this is called a session cookie). This allows you to enter your password only once per session (when you log in), without being asked repeatedly to do so while editing your Jimdo website. Most browsers accept cookies by default, but it is possible to change your browser settings to refuse all cookies. If your browser is set to refuse all cookies, Jimdo will not function properly. You can delete cookies at any time, however, but will have to sign in again the next time you want to edit your Jimdo site.
        

            Advertising and analytics cookies:
        

            Third-party services are used on Jimdo.com and the websites of the Jimdo users for advertising,analysis and quality assurance-related purposes. These services may set third-party cookies and/or pixel tags (web beacons), in order to be able to display specific regional or topic-targeted banners to you while you surf the web. Most browsers allow you to deactivate third-party cookies via the browser settings. Please note however, that this may affect the functionality of other sites outside of Jimdo (forums, etc.). You can also choose to deactivate third-party cookies by going to the Network Advertising Initiative site and following the instructions there.
        

            Jimdo uses the following third-party services
        

            Google:
        

            Jimdo.com uses diverse services from the American Google Inc.. These services include Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Google Tag Manager, Google reCaptcha, Google Fonts and Google Maps.
        

            Google Analytics:
        

            Jimdo.com uses Google Analytics for Jimdo own websites as well as partially for the websites of our Jimdo users. Google Analytics a web analysis service of Google Inc., (“Google”). Google Analytics stores cookies on your computer which allow you to analyze the surfing patterns of visitors to your website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be sent to a Google server in the United States and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to report other website activity and internet-related services. If required by law, Google will pass along this information to third parties. Google will also pass along data to third parties for processing, provided this processing is done on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances shall Google connect your IP address with any other data held by Google. If you wish, you can adjust your browser settings so as to refuse cookies. Please keep in mind, however, that if you refuse all cookies, you will not necessarily have access to all functions of this website. By using this site, you consent to the processing of your data by Google as described above, for the aforementioned purpose. If you wish to prevent your IP address from being saved now and in the future, you can do so by installing a browser plugin available here.
        

            You can prevent data collection via Google Analytics by clicking here. An "Opt-out Cookie" shall then be applied to your website which shall prevent any future collection of your data when visiting this website.
        

            You have successfully opted out of being tracked by Google Analytics from this website.
        

            You can find additional information on how Google handles data related to your person in its advertising network here: Advertising and Privacy.
        

            Google Tag Manager
        

            The Google Tag Manager is a solution operated by Google Inc., that allows marketed website tags to be managed using an interface. The Tag Manager tool itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie-less domain and does not register personal data. The tool causes other tags to be activated which may, for their part, register data under certain circumstances. Google Tag Manager does not access this information. If recording has been deactivated on domain or cookie level, this setting will remain in place for all tracking tags implemented with Google Tag Manager.
        

            We may ask for your permission to give certain product data (e.g. your account information) to other Google products in order to activate certain functions, e.g. to simplify the addition of new conversion tracking tags for AdWords. Also our developers may check information on product usage from time to time, in order to further optimize the product. However, we will never send such data to other Google products without your explicit permission.
        

            Further information can be found in the terms of use for this product: https://www.google.com/intl/de/tagmanager/use-policy.html


            Google reCaptcha:
        

            We use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google Inc. (Google) to protect your submissions via internet submission forms on this site. This plugin checks if you are a person in order to prevent certain website functions from being (ab)used by spam bots (particularly comments). This plugin query includes the sending of the IP address and possibly other data required by Google for the Google reCAPTCHA service. For this purpose your input will be communicated to and used by Google. However, your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area and is, as such, anonymized. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address provided by reCaptcha from your browser shall not be merged with any other data from Google.
        

            This data collection is subject to the data protection regulations of Google (Google Inc.). For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/


            By using the reCAPTCHA service, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
        

            Facebook:
        

            Our website uses social plugins (“plugins”) from facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”). These plugins are branded with a Facebook logo or with a phrase such as "Facebook Social Plugin". When you visit a website on our website containing a Facebook Social Plugin, your browser creates a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly to your browser by Facebook and is then incorporated into the website. Facebook, in turn, is aware of every time the website is accessed. If you have a Facebook profile, the company is able to associate the website visit to your profile by using JavaScript and setting cookies. If you interact with plugins on a website, for example by clicking the “Like” button or replying to a message, this information will be sent directly to Facebook and stored there. With the right browser plug-in you can prevent this information from being transferred, but please keep in mind that Facebook Social Plugins will no longer work properly.
        

            For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of data by Facebook, as well as your rights and changes to settings you can make, please review the Facebook privacy policy here.
        

            Log Information:
        

            When you visit a Jimdo website (jimdo.com, your own Jimdo site, or websites of (other) Jimdo users), the Jimdo server automatically saves the information that your browser sends whenever you visit that site. This information includes your request, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request. The information is used for analyzing and maintaining the technical operation of the servers and network as well as assisting our anti-abuse measures as a whole and shall automatically be deleted after three months.
        

            Your communication with Jimdo:
        

            Should a Jimdo user or visitor have questions or queries, you can contact us at any time via email or via our website jimdo.com. We save your message in our ticket system (zendesk) in order to process your request, to improve our service and ensure that it is transparent.  Any personal information submitted shall only be used in order to process your request. The privacy policy of this service (zendesk) can be found here: https://www.zendesk.de/company/customers-partners/#privacy-policy


            Newsletter:
        

            Our newsletter contains links and graphics to help us learn whether you actually read our newsletter and which topics/links interest you most. This allows us to improve our service and increase quality control. You can remove your consent to this user analysis via “unsubscribing” from the newsletter. An “unsubscribe” link can be found in every newsletter-mailing.
        

            Access and Publically Available Information
        

            The Content of the built-with-Jimdo website:
        

            All information that you put on your Jimdo website can generally be viewed by other internet users. Therefore, we naturally encourage you to be careful and responsible with any personal information and confidential data you publish on your website. Please keep in mind that password-protected areas do not offer absolute protection against unauthorized access: the same applies to any files that are uploaded to password-protected websites as they can still be accessed via direct links.
        

            Administrative Access to the Jimdo website:
        

            Please be aware that Jimdo team members are also authorized in specific situations to access the administrative section (menu) of your Jimdo website when fulfilling customer service requests and tracking errors. This necessarily grants them the possibility to view all parts of your Jimdo-site, including all password-protected areas. All members of our team are regularly trained in privacy and data protection sensibility and confidentiality in accordance with Article 5 of the German Federal Data Protection Act.
        

            Sharing of Information:
        

            The data of Jimdo Users shall not be sold to third parties. We shall not share or pass on any personal information without your explicit consent, unless:
        



                    We are legally obligated to do so
                



                    In order to fulfill contractual services for the Jimdo user and/or in order to enforce rights and obligations of these terms of use and the corresponding contractual relationship between the Jimdo user and Jimdo.
                



                    In order to perform the Jimdo service it may be necessary for Jimdo to employ the use of third party services. In that case data may be shared, e.g.:
                



                            Domain Registration:
                        

                            Paid packages include at least one domain name. Domain hosting is carried out for us by the companies, InternetX GmbH and Name.com Inc..
                            The InternetX privacy policy can be found here: https://www.internetx.com/en/legal/privacy-policy/

                            The Name.com privacy policy can be found here: http://www.name.com/media/policies/privacy-policy.pdf


                            In order to become the owner of the domain, Jimdo is required to transfer your registration data to the relevant domain registrar. For more information on the nature and extent of data transferred, please consult the authority responsible for your domain. Depending on the registrar, this transferred registration data may be made publicly visible online.
                        

                            In particular, personal registration information for .com, .net, .org, .info, and .biz domains will be made public on the WHOIS.com website. You should keep this in mind if registering one of these TLDs.
                        



                            E-mail addresses:
                        

                            When you set up an email account or forwarding address for your Jimdo website, we create an account for you with Rackspace Limited or Open-Xchange. Rackspace Limited or Open-Xchange assumes responsibility for the technical delivery and management of your emails.
                        

                            You can read Rackspace’s privacy policy here.
                        

                            Here you will find the Open-Xchange privacy policy: https://www.open-xchange.com/privacy/




                            In order to send system emails and newsletters we use the mail services provided by Mandrill. Their privacy policy can be found under: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/




                            In order to send order confirmations we use the service provider Sendgrid and their privacy policy can be found here: https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/




                            The Jimdo user has the option to book RankingCoach as an optional extra. This tool helps the user with the optimization of their website in the search engine results. The RankingCoach privacy policy can be found here: https://www.rankingcoach.com/en-us/privacy-policy




                            User Content:
                        

                            When the user uploads images or files to his Jimdo website, these files shall be uploaded to the cloud services of Amazon S3 (whose servers are located in Ireland). Amazon’s privacy policy can be found here: Amazon Privacy Policy




                            Statistics:
                        

                            If you are a JimdoPro or JimdoBusiness user, we use Google Analytics to generate statistics for your website. The data collected is processed in a non-personally-identifying form (“anonymizeIp”). The relevant Google Analytics’ privacy policy can be found here.
                        



                            Content delivery:
                        

                            We use Fastly, Inc. to deliver the content of your Jimdo website. Fastly, Inc. ensures that your website can be quickly accessed  from all over the world. The Fastly, Inc. privacy policy can be found here: https://www.fastly.com/privacy






            If Jimdo is acquired by another company, information including personal data could be transferred to the acquiring party within the framework of the relevant data protection provisions.
        

            Encryption:
        

            For the http encryption(TLS) of Jimdo sites  we use the free service “Let’s Encrypt”. Via the integration of encryption certificates Jimdo can provide a so called transport encryption that protects the communication to a Jimdo site from unwarranted access of unauthorized third parties.
        

            Your Rights:
        

            Information:
        

            We are happy to inform you as to what personal information we have saved on you (right to information of the concerned party in accordance with §34 BDSG). This information is free, shall be processed immediately and is usually transmitted to you via Email (also via post upon request). In order to receive applicable and detailed information, please provide us with specifications as to the personal data or type thereof concerned(where possible). In order to ensure that the person requesting the aforementioned information is the person they present themselves to be, we require a proof of identity. This can be in the form of a copied identification document. Please blacken out or remove serial numbers and passport numbers from such copies. These copies shall only be used for the purpose of identification and for the processing your request.
        

            Rectification, deletion or blocking:
        

            In accordance with Article 35 of the German Federal Data Protection Act, you are entitled to request that any personal data we collect on you be rectified, deleted or blocked. Any such requests can be sent to us in textform i.e. per post or via the following email address: privacy@jimdo.com.
        

            Modifications to this Privacy Policy
        

            In the interest of transparency, we shall regularly update this privacy policy. In the case of significant changes where the rights of Jimdo users could be affected, we shall communicate these changes to you in advance (in an email newsletter, for example) and where applicable inform you as to the available redress procedures.
        

            As a general note, please be aware that in the event of any deviations resulting from the translation, the formulation of this privacy policy set forth in the German version shall prevail.
        

            If any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy arise, we can be contacted via this form or via email to:
        

            Jimdo GmbH
            Privacy
            Stresemannstraße 375
            22761 Hamburg
        

