
We may collect information from you in various ways when  you use our Digital Services, including but not limited to those described  below:
Registration  & Subscriptions
If you register for a specific feature or service offered  within one of our Digital Services, you may be asked to complete a registration  form and provide personally-identifiable information. You may also be asked to  choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features  the Digital Service may offer, including, but not limited to, newsletters,  contests, forums, webcasts or other subscription-based services.  For some features within our Digital  Services, you may be able to log in using a third-party social media account  rather than completing a separate registration. If you agree to provide us with optional profile information, this  information will typically be collected through a registration form. 

When you use a Mobile Application to subscribe to a  digital edition (such as the iOS edition) of one of our publications, you may  provide us your name, email, zip code or other information as part of the  subscription purchase.  For example,  iTunes, when fulfilling an in-app subscription (whether free or paid), gives  you the option to provide us with your email address, name, and zip code. Any  information you provide us through iTunes or iOS will be used in accordance  with this Privacy Policy.
Newsletters,  Emails and Mobile Offers
We may offer newsletters and/or other communications in  order to share information with you about the Digital Services, about us and  our related entities, about our advertisers, sponsors, or other business  partners, or relating to topics we believe would be of interest to our  readers.  You may receive a newsletter  either by registering for a particular newsletter, or in conjunction with a  special feature or subscription for which you have registered using our Digital  Services. Each of our Digital Services or newsletters may in some cases require  separate registrations.  You may cancel  your email subscription by following the instructions provided by the Digital  Service, in the designated area of the newsletters or emails, or as specified in a  communication.  Some of our Digital  Services include a preference menu or page where you can manage all of your  email registrations for that Digital Service (for example see  weeklystandard.com/email/preferences).   Remember, if you consent to receive texts from us, your wireless carrier  may impose a charge on incoming texts.   Please check with your wireless carrier for details.
Paid Transactions.
Certain transactions within our Digital Services, such as  purchasing  a paid subscription for The  Weekly Standard (print and/or digital editions), making an in-app purchase in a  Mobile Application, or purchasing products in our online stores, may require  that you enter your name, email, address, payment information, and other  details.  Our magazine subscription  services and store transactions are managed by third party service providers,  and the information you provide during these paid transactions is submitted  directly to the applicable provider, which in turn may share limited  information (such as your name and email address, but not payment account  details) with MediaDC.
Contests or  Sweepstakes
We may operate contests and sweepstakes through our  Digital Services, which may require registration in order to enter. Your  personally-identifiable information may be used by us to contact you for winner  notification, prize delivery confirmation or other promotional purposes. Your  entry in the contest or sweepstakes may also result in your being added to our  mailing/texting lists as well as those of our promotional partners associated  with the contest or sweepstakes. Acceptance of a prize may require you (unless  prohibited by law) to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the  Site, such as on a winner’s page, in the event you win a contest or  sweepstakes. In some instances, a third-party advertiser or sponsor may operate  or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Digital Service, and collect your  information. In those cases, where we are not the sponsor, operator or host of  the contest or sweepstakes, we may have no control over the information  collected and accordingly urge you to review the official rules of the contest/sweepstakes  as well as the advertiser’s or sponsor’s privacy policy applicable to the  contest or sweepstakes before participating.
Surveys or Voting
From time-to-time we may request personally-identifiable  information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary  and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose  information. At times, you may have to register if you wish to vote or to take  part in a survey.
Location; IP  Addresses; and Click-stream Data.
We may collect your mailing address (based on information  you enter when you subscribe to some of our print publications or paid Digital  Services, or your approximate one-time location (based on the zip code you have  defined in your mobile device settings, your IP address, or information you  provide to us when you subscribe to our Digital Services), in order to better  target our content to your interests, or to serve ads to you which we believe  would be of interest based on your location.   We may also collect your IP address and/or click-stream data for  purposes of system administration, to improve the Sites and to report aggregate  information to our advertisers and sponsors and/or other internal uses related  to the Sites. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your  computer whenever you access the Internet. Our computers identify your computer  by its IP address. When you request Web pages from a Site, our computers log  your IP address.
Click-stream data is information collected by our  computers when you request Web pages from a Site. Click-stream data may include  such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the  type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such  non-personal information. This data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at our  Sites, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the  aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and  the like.
Cookies
As with many Websites and applications, our Sites use  standard technology called “cookies,” which are small data files that are  transferred to your computer when you allow your browser to accept cookies (or  we may use similar technologies). Cookies automatically identify your Web  browser to the Site whenever you visit the Sites, and make using the Sites  easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences. By  tracking how and when you use the Sites, cookies help us determine which areas  are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Sites are  based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies may allow you, among  other things, to personalize your experience on the Sites. Cookies may also  allow the Sites to display advertising which may be of interest to you. If you  do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you generally can  opt out of providing this information by turning the cookies off in your  browser; however, some areas of the Sites may not provide you with a  personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies.  Our Sites do not currently respond to web  browser do-not-track signals.  Our third  party advertising networks may issue different cookies, including cookies that  may track users across third party sites.   If you wish to take steps to opt-out of tracking by certain online  advertisers, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices or  the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.
Digital Service Analytics.
We may use third party analytics tools (such as Google Analytics or  others) to collect information about use of our Sites and Mobile Applications. These  analytics programs may collect information such as how often users visit our Digital  Services, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used  prior to coming to our Sites. We use the information we get from analytics  providers primarily to improve our Sites and Mobile Applications, and to better  understand our audience. The analytics providers typically collect only the IP  address assigned to you on the date you visit our Digital Services, rather than  your name or other identifying information.   Although some analytics providers may plant a permanent cookie on your  web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit a  particular Digital Service, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but that  provider. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google  Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use  and the Google Privacy Policy. Other  analytics providers will have their own terms and policies.  You can prevent analytics providers from  recognizing you on return visits to this Site by disabling cookies on your  browser.
