
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: 05/27/2016 About This Policy This notice describes the information practices of W.W. Grainger, Inc. and its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, and brands (collectively “We”) as it relates to the websites and apps on which this policy is posted (“Site(s)”). This includes mobile websites and applications. Information We Collect We collect personally identifiable and transactional information provided by customers and Site visitors that purchase products from that Site. This information includes contact information, shipping information, credit cardholder name, and card number/expiration date. We may also retain the content of the communications with our customer service or sales representatives.  We also automatically collect data pertaining to each Site visitor, including but not limited to, the IP address, tracking codes, the domain name, the web page, the length of time spent and the pages accessed while visiting this Site. This may also include location information for mobile applications.  Please see our About Ads and Tracking Activities page page to learn more about automatic data collection and tracking technologies. How We Collect Information We collect information directly from you - for example when you register on the site, participate in a survey, make a purchase from us in our branches or over the phone, or fill out a form requesting information from us. We collect information from you passively - We (or vendors acting on our behalf) use common collection techniques like cookies, pixel tags and beacons. Please see our About Ads and Tracking Activities page to learn more about how and when We use these practices. We obtain information about you from third parties with whom We work - for example, our suppliers, service providers, resellers, social media companies, and other business partners.  Use of Information Collected     We use the information that is collected from Site visitors and customers or otherwise in connection with the Sites, as is disclosed at the time information is collected, as is otherwise disclosed to you, and as follows: To respond to your requests or questions and to fill your orders; To understand the use of the Sites, improve the content of the Sites, customize the shopping experience for Sites visitors and customers, and otherwise improve our products, services, the Sites and  your online or offline experience. To notify Site visitors and customers about changes to the Sites, new products and services, and for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose, including to notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy, our website Terms, or other terms that may impact your use of the Sites or our services or products; For marketing purposes including using your information to serve you ads about products, services or offers on our Sites or on third party sites, to enhance search results on our Sites or third party sites or to tell you about products, services or special offers in email or other forms of communication.  To learn about your choices for these communications, read the Your Choices section below. To protect the security or integrity of the Sites, our company, or our customers and visitors; To determine your browser, recognize new or existing visitors, and better understand our audience, customers and website visitors (including by using tracking tools); To communicate with you including about your account, our relationship or to solicit feedback; and We might combine or share your information.  For example, we may combine information we collected offline with information we collected online. We may also combine information we collected with information collected by a third party.    We may share your information as follows:  Can you limit the sharing?  Among our various subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, parent organizations, and brands;  No With third parties, such as suppliers, financial institutions, and others who perform services on our behalf;  No With any successor to W.W. Grainger, Inc.’s interest, or otherwise in connection with a merger, sale, or transfer of all or part of our business operations;  No With third parties whose products or services might be of interest to you or for joint promotional purposes;  Yes In response to subpoenas, investigative requests (with or without subpoena) and other legal process, to exercise Our legal rights and defend against legal claims; and,  No For other reasons as may be described to you, for example with service provider who is working with us to serve you ads or provide you with a program or service.  In some circumstancesYour Choices Recipients of our e-mail marketing messages can unsubscribe from receiving promotional e-mail by using the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of the message, or by sending a request with “unsubscribe” in the subject line to feedback@ic.grainger.com. Please note that you may not unsubscribe or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account, such as account verification, purchase confirmations, change or updates to features of the Sites, or technical and security notices. Site visitors can also request that their personal information not be shared with third parties solely for their  e-mail marketing purposes by sending their request with “do not share” in the subject line to feedback@ic.grainger.com. Because mailing lists are prepared in advance of each promotion, you may be sent a couple of promotions before the change is effective. You have certain choices about the ads you see and our tracking activities. To learn more about those choices, and to learn more about our advertising and tracking activities, click here. Security The security of your information is very important to us and We use commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers.  We monitor secure traffic to and from our Sites and examine it for security purposes.  However, We cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is totally secure. We encourage you to take affirmative steps to protect yourself online, including ensuring that any online account information you have remains secure. Links and Third-Party Collection The Sites contain links to other sites that are not owned, maintained, operated, or endorsed by or for Grainger and not subject to the same privacy and other policies. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply any recommendation or sponsorship of such sites. You should read the other site’s privacy policies to understand how personal information collected about you is used and protected. The Sites also contain third party technologies that collect non-personally identifiable information from you directly.  This includes third party social sharing buttons. These third parties might use passive tracking techniques such as cookies or web beacons to collect your information. Grainger does not control these third parties. To learn more about their activities, please visit their websites and privacy policies. Non-US Users The Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and by using the Sites/giving your information, you consent to such transfer, and understand that the U.S. may not provide the same level of protections as the laws of your country. Policy Updates From time to time We may change our privacy policies because of changes in the relevant and applicable legal or regulatory requirements, changes in our business or business practices, or in our attempts to better serve our customers. Notice of any material changes in the manner in which We handle personally identifiable information under this policy will be provided on the Sites. Please check the Sites periodically for updates. Policy updates shall be effective the date the change is posted on the Sites. By continuing to use the Sites after We post any changes, you agree to the terms of the updated policy. Questions If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact Us as follows: by email at feedback@ic.grainger.com, or mail at 681 Commerce St. Burr Ridge, IL 60527, or call 1-800-Grainger.