Welcome to Royal Westmoreland’s Privacy NoticeThis privacy policy sets out how Royal Westmoreland uses and protects any information that you give Royal Westmoreland when you use this website.Royal Westmoreland is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, and then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Royal Westmoreland may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 06.09.2018.Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changesThis version was last updated on 6th September 2018. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if any of your personal data changes during your relationship with us.The data we collect about youPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. We may collect and process personal data about you during the course of our relationship with you and may be through a variety of channels (via telephone, via our website, on site in one of our holiday home sites and via third parties) which we have grouped together follows:Identity DataName, maiden name, last name, username, customer number, booking reference, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.Contact DataAddress, email addresses and telephone numbers. Financial Data Bank account and payment card details. Transaction Data Details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.Technical DataInternet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, online behavior, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. This information will be collected and stored for analytical purposes.Profile DataInformation provided by you in relation to your property ownership or your stay to include interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses. If you are using our financing options, we will need information about your income and employment status.Usage DataInformation about how, where and when you use our website, products and services. Marketing and Communications Data Your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.CCTV DataFootage in which you may feature when you visit our premises.Accident DataIf you have an accident whilst on our premises that you inform us of, we may record details of that accident and any injury you suffer in an accident log.If you provide us with personal data about another person, you must ensure that before you do so, you have their agreement to do so and direct them to this Policy. We may also collect information about you from third parties where this is relevant to our relationship with you. This includes obtaining personal data about you from third parties who provide us with contact details of individuals who are interested in purchasing a property or booking a holiday or other related service with us. We may require you to provide certain information to us in order to enter into and perform our contract(s) with you and to comply with our legal obligations. Except in these circumstances, your decision to provide us with personal data is generally voluntary. If, however, you chose not to provide us with certain information we may not be able to accomplish some of the purposes outlined in the policy.What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: Internal record keeping. We use your personal information to process and fulfil your booking with us. We may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional emails about our new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests. We use your personal information to process your purchase of one of our properties and provide our ownership service to you.” We need your personal information in order to enter into a contract and provide our service to you. If we do not collect your personal information we will not be able to provide our services to you. How we use personal dataWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances: Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. Where you provide your consent. Where necessary to protect someone’s vital interests (e.g. life or death) Where do we collect your informationWe obtain your personal information from yourself with given consent, either when you sign up to a mailing list or contact us regarding a booking or ownership with us to fulfil this need. We rely on the following lawful bases to handle your personal information: Contract – to take steps, in response to your enquiry, to enter into a contract with you, and/or to perform the contract in the provision of our services; Legal obligation – to fulfil any legal or regulatory requirements under UK or European law; Consent – to use your personal information to send marketing communications to you in the future; Legitimate interest - to fulfil any legal or regulatory requirements under non-European law.” SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Marketing including promotionaloffers We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. If you wish to amend your marketing contact preferences, please contact us to change your preferences or unsubscribe. Where you have enquired about purchasing a property or booking a holiday or you have purchased a property or booked a holiday, we have a legitimate business interest in marketing to you to encourage new or repeat purchases. We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing). You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving marketing.Opting OutYou can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us at any time. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.How we use cookiesPlease see our separate Cookie Policy.Data Sharing, when and where we will share your information –We may share your personal information with third party suppliers that we use to provide our services to you. This could include for example catering and transportation service providers. We may share your personal information with other companies within our Group. We may engage the services of professional advisers such as compliance consultants, lawyers and accountants who may be given access to your personal information in order to provide their services to us. We will ensure that your personal information is protected by obtaining a written undertaking of confidentiality from the professional service providers.In the event that we are subject to a merger or acquisition we may share your personal information with the organisation(s) that acquire or merge with our business and/or their professional advisers in the course of the acquisition or merger transaction and thereafter. In such circumstances the latter organisation will be required to use your personal information in the same ways described in this privacy policy.The data you provide us will not be used by any third party company. We will not sell your data on/ share your data with anyone outside of the company.Data Storage – How long will we keep your personal data?We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. Links to other websites - Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Your rights to your personal informationRight to accessYou have the right to request copies of the personal information we hold about you at any time. A small fee may be charged when you make a repeat request. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Royal Westmoreland UK Office, South Lakeland House, Yealand Redmayne, Carnforth, Lancashire, LA5 9RN. England, UK or email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Right to rectificationIf you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.Right to erasureYou have the right to request that we delete your personal information from our records. Please note that we will not be able to delete your personal information whilst we are still providing our services to you. We will be able to delete your personal information once you cancel the service or once the service is completed.Right to restrict processingYou have the right to request that we restrict how we use your personal information.Right to objectYou have the right to object to the collection and use of your personal information at any time. This includes the right to object the use of your personal information for direct marketing.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information in a legible and compatible format such as Excel or Word or request that your personal information be ported to another controller.Right to withdraw consentIf you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by unsubscribing from our mail list, this can be found at the bottom of every email that we send out or by emailing us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or writing to us at Royal Westmoreland UK Office, South Lakeland House, Yealand Redmayne, Carnforth, Lancashire, LA5 9RN. England, UK.ComplaintsYou can lodge a complaint with us directly by contacting us on one of the above contact details. You also have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). The ICO are the regulator who makes sure that we use your personal information in a lawful way. You can lodge a complaint with the ICO by following this link https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or calling the ICO on 0303 123 1113.