
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 19, 2018
SmartDraw respects and protects your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how SmartDraw collects, uses, and shares information gathered from our users.  If you would like to express any concern you have about our use of your information, simply contact us by email at privacy@smartdraw.com or by phone at 1-800-768-3729 or 1-858-225-3300.

Collecting Personal Information
If you're just browsing our website, we collect the same basic information that most websites collect. We use common Internet technologies, such as cookies and web server logs. We collect this information from everybody, whether they have an account or not.

A cookie is simply a piece of data (e.g. an arbitrary number) that our server sends to your browser. Your browser may then store the cookie on your computer and read it back to our server if you visit our site again. These cookies allow us to create a more personalized experience for you while visiting our website and using our products.  If you're concerned about cookies, you can have your browser notify you when it receives a cookie, giving you the choice to accept or decline it. Without cookies, however, you will not be able to log into your SmartDraw account and use our SmartDraw Cloud and SmartShare services.

The information we collect about all visitors to our website includes the visitor’s browser type, referring site, additional websites requested, and the date and time of each visitor request. We also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.

In order to provide you with access to SmartDraw's products and services, we require that you provide certain personal information. This information includes your name, mailing address, email address, and we require you to create a password in order to access certain services.

If you choose to purchase products or services through the SmartDraw website, we will also need to collect a credit card number and expiration date if you want to use a credit card for payment purposes.

SmartDraw uses Enhanced Google Analytics Tools (the “Analytics Tools”) including Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting as well as integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and identifiers. You can learn more about the Analytics Tools at: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/.

Should you choose to no longer share your information with Google and no longer have your information collected by the Analytics Tools, you may opt-out by following the procedure outlined at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.

From time-to-time we also collect information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and disclose any information about you. Information requested on such surveys may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such education level, and job function). Survey information will be used only for purposes of improving the use and customer satisfaction of SmartDraw’s products and website.

We do not knowingly collect information on children under the age of 18.

Sharing Personal Information
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade personal information with third parties for their commercial purposes. We may share personal information with a limited number of third-party vendors who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our services, and who have agreed to privacy restrictions similar to our own Privacy Policy. Our vendors perform services such as payment processing, network data transmission, and other services.

Personal information may also be transferred in connection with a business transition such as a merger, acquisition, restructuring, spin-off or other divestiture, insolvency, or asset sale involving SmartDraw and its company affiliates.

The SmartShare and SmartDraw Cloud sharing services (the “Sharing Services”) give you the option to share files that you upload to the Sharing Services, comments or progress updates, if any, that you post through the Sharing Services, your activity viewing other users' documents and comments, and your user profile, which may include your email address, physical address, biography, phone number and social media links. You may share these files privately with others that you specifically select, or make them public and post them on social media sites. The choice to keep files private, to share files with others, or to make them public is entirely yours.

Protecting Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal information you provide to SmartDraw. We control employee and contractor access to encrypted materials, and we also employ secure transmission protocols in sending you emails and other electronic communications.  SmartDraw engages an outside auditing firm to conduct a Service Organization Control (SOC) 2 Type II audit each year to ensure we have the proper controls in place to protect your information. 

If you choose to purchase our products and/or services, your credit card number will be encrypted and may be stored for up to 4 days while the transaction is posted by our payment processor.  You can verify encryption by looking for a closed lock icon in your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.

How We Use Personal Information
Personal information we collect through the SmartDraw website may be used by us to: (a) authenticate your identity when you register and each time you sign in; (b) notify you when subscriptions are due to expire, (c) to pre-populate forms; and (d) otherwise as required by law.

Personal information we collect through the SmartDraw website - for example, your name, mailing address, and email address - may also be used by us to contact you regarding products and services and other content we believe you might find of interest.

If you no longer want to receive our marketing or product update mailings, you can remove your email address from our mailing list by clicking on the automatic "unsubscribe" link in any of our mailings or by simply emailing us at support@smartdraw.com.

We also may use the personal information you provide for internal purposes, such as administration and operation of the SmartDraw website and Sharing Services, data analytics, and compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures.

Should you choose to use our integration with Google Drive to store your SmartDraw documents, the Google user information that will be used is: 1) your first name, last name and email address in order to allow us to communicate with you (subject to the terms of this privacy policy); and 2) the documents you create and edit using SmartDraw and which are stored on Google Drive, will be uploaded to SmartDraw's servers during the time they are being edited, and the changes you make will be downloaded back to Google Drive.  A temporary copy of the SmartDraw document will remain on SmartDraw's servers until such time as the editing session has been completed and browser closed.
Updates to Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this policy. If there are material updates to this policy or in how SmartDraw will use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice of such an update on the privacy policy link when implementing the change. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to be informed of how SmartDraw is protecting your information.

Dispute Resolution
If you have questions, comments or complaints regarding this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@smartdraw.com.

Physical Address
SmartDraw Software, LLC
9909 Mira Mesa Blvd. Suite 300
San Diego, CA 92131
Phone: 800-768-3729 (toll-free)
Phone: 858-225-3300

