

Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website, remembering how far you are through your pay as you go order, making sure that the Mobiles.co.uk website looks consistent or remembering what's in your basket when you're looking to buy that new cool smartphone. Without these cookies, many of the basic functionalities of our website - the stuff you expect the site to enable you to do like filling in your shopping basket, we simply can't provide.
Tip: these cookies make the basic functions of the website work.

Category 2: Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and the pages that they don't. This understanding enables Mobiles.co.uk to continually improve the experience we deliver to you (and other visitors like you) so that the site is easy to use and includes content that you find helpful (for instance, performance cookies indicated that users find reviews really helpful and so that gave us confidence that we should provide more reviews on each smartphone product page) These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor - so we can't identify you individually. All the information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. This information is only used to improve how the Mobiles.co.uk website works.
Tip: these cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited.

Category 3: Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember the choices you make as you browse the site (for instance, your login details to enable you to provide your comments in our new community forums). They provide more enhanced and personal features. The information they collect is anonymised and the usage only relates to www.mobiles.co.uk - they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites once you've departed Mobiles.co.uk.
Tip: these cookies remember choices you have made to improve your website experience on www.mobiles.co.uk.



Category 4: Advertising or Targeting Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you, and your interests (assumed by analysing your onsite browsing behaviour). They can also provide caps on the number of times you might see an advert - to hopefully stop them becoming annoying and repetitive. These cookies remember that you have visited Mobiles.co.uk, track what products you may have looked at, and this information may be shared with our advertising partners. If you see an advert from Mobiles.co.uk, once you have left our site and are browsing other sites on the internet, that magically seems to understand what previously interested you (you browsed a specific smartphone handset and then see deals for that handset) then this is enabled by targeting cookies.
Tip: these cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant for you.

SaleCycle - SaleCycle collect information to enable us to send bespoke service emails to customer that cannot complete thier checkout jounrey. To opt out of SaleCycle tracking please visit: SaleCycle Privacy Policy This will drop a presistent cookie on your machine, blocking the use of SaleCycle tracking. If you delete this cookie, the trakcing will resume.
By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies in the manner outlined above. If you do not wish to receive tailored advertising, you can withdraw this consent at any time by changing your browser settings to reject cookies.
Please note that it is not a good idea to reject all cookies as this could prevent you from gaining full use of this site.
To learn more about cookies click here, or to disable them click here.


