Privacy PolicyAcceptance of this privacy statement
        By visiting the site, you signify your acceptance to the terms of the site’s Privacy Statement.  If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not use the site.
        We know that protecting your privacy is very important to you.
Information collection
        In the site registration process we request information including your email address.
        We may also collect personal information from you when you choose to share it.  This may include when you use the site, sign up for newsletters or an email list, request information from us, or otherwise contact the site.  
        The information we collect may include answers to survey questions.  You may be required to provide certain personal information to create your account or to receive certain offers.  
        When you visit the site, we may (like many other websites) also collect your IP address and other information transmitted by your browser including among other things the type of browser and operating system your computer uses, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to the site. We will also insert a short piece of computer code within your computer and record certain characteristics of the computer and in this manner our site will recognize your computer when you visit the site.
        We also retain copies of statements published on the site and correspondence sent to us.
Cookies
        The site may track a user's activity by issuing Cookies when entering the site. Cookies are small pieces of data or parts of a file that a server downloads to your personal computer or mobile when you visit a website. These files are stored by your web browser onto your hard drive. Cookies may anonymously record information such as your identification code, customized preferences, or a record of pages visited in order to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by you on the website and related web pages. 
        The site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. By using this site, you consent to the use of cookies.
        To streamline navigation on our site we use both Session ID cookies and Persistent cookies. Session ID cookies only last for the duration of your visit to our website and expire when you close your browser while persistent cookies may remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. 
        Most major web browsers are set up so that they will initially accept cookies, but you may modify your computer's preferences to issue you an alert when a cookie is downloaded, or to disable the ability of third parties to download a cookie to you. In order to enjoy full functionality our site and its features we highly recommend that you enable cookies in your browser. If you disable cookies you may still be able to use certain site features but your experience may be severely limited. 
Information sharing
        We may share the information we collect from and about you as follows: 
        
To third party service providers that provide business, professional or technical support functions; 
As necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of ImLive.com’s Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; 
To respond to judicial process or provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; 
To our select partners, affiliates, and other third parties that we believe may have offers of interest to you; 
As described to you at the point of collection of such information.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous non-personal information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses.

How may we use the information held by us?
        We may use this information to improve our marketing and products/services including customizing our site to your needs and interests;
        We may also use information about you to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests whether on the site or via email;
        We may use this information to answer your questions, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms & Conditions;
        We will use your email address to contact you unless you have chosen not to be contacted by email.
When may we disclose your information?
        We may disclose your information to our affiliated companies and sites and to our service providers who are authorized to use the information only for purposes of providing services to you and us and our affiliated companies.
        Information may be presented to third parties in statistical form but this shall not be personally identifiable.
        Also, the site may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business.  If another entity acquires the site or any of its assets, information the site has collected about you may be transferred to such entity.  In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against the site, such information may be considered an asset and may be sold or transferred to third parties.  Should such a sale or transfer occur, the site will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through this site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
        Obviously, in case we are required by law enforcement agencies and/or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other rights, we may disclose your information.
Links to other websites 
        The site may have links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own.  ImLive.com is not responsible for the practices of such sites. 
Third party collection of information. 
        Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties on our system or other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. For example, when making a payment by credit card our third party billers / IPSP's (and not ImLive.com) collect your credit card information and other information necessary for processing / authorizing your credit card payments. These payment companies may also provide certain of your details to us - but this shall not include your credit card number.
How can you update or delete the information held by us?
        You have the following choices to update your information from our database: You can send our Customer Service Department an email at 
Revisions to this statement
        The site reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Statement at any time. 
Questions?
        If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: 
By visiting the site, you signify your acceptance to the terms of the site’s Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not use the site.We know that protecting your privacy is very important to you.In the site registration process we request information including your email address.We may also collect personal information from you when you choose to share it. This may include when you use the site, sign up for newsletters or an email list, request information from us, or otherwise contact the site.The information we collect may include answers to survey questions. You may be required to provide certain personal information to create your account or to receive certain offers.When you visit the site, we may (like many other websites) also collect your IP address and other information transmitted by your browser including among other things the type of browser and operating system your computer uses, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to the site. We will also insert a short piece of computer code within your computer and record certain characteristics of the computer and in this manner our site will recognize your computer when you visit the site.We also retain copies of statements published on the site and correspondence sent to us.The site may track a user's activity by issuing Cookies when entering the site. Cookies are small pieces of data or parts of a file that a server downloads to your personal computer or mobile when you visit a website. These files are stored by your web browser onto your hard drive. Cookies may anonymously record information such as your identification code, customized preferences, or a record of pages visited in order to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by you on the website and related web pages. The site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. By using this site, you consent to the use of cookies.To streamline navigation on our site we use both Session ID cookies and Persistent cookies. Session ID cookies only last for the duration of your visit to our website and expire when you close your browser while persistent cookies may remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time.Most major web browsers are set up so that they will initially accept cookies, but you may modify your computer's preferences to issue you an alert when a cookie is downloaded, or to disable the ability of third parties to download a cookie to you. In order to enjoy full functionality our site and its features we highly recommend that you enable cookies in your browser. If you disable cookies you may still be able to use certain site features but your experience may be severely limited.We may share the information we collect from and about you as follows:We may use this information to improve our marketing and products/services including customizing our site to your needs and interests;We may also use information about you to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests whether on the site or via email;We may use this information to answer your questions, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms & Conditions;We will use your email address to contact you unless you have chosen not to be contacted by email.We may disclose your information to our affiliated companies and sites and to our service providers who are authorized to use the information only for purposes of providing services to you and us and our affiliated companies.Information may be presented to third parties in statistical form but this shall not be personally identifiable.Also, the site may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business. If another entity acquires the site or any of its assets, information the site has collected about you may be transferred to such entity. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against the site, such information may be considered an asset and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should such a sale or transfer occur, the site will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through this site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.Obviously, in case we are required by law enforcement agencies and/or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other rights, we may disclose your information.The site may have links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. ImLive.com is not responsible for the practices of such sites.Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties on our system or other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. For example, when making a payment by credit card our third party billers / IPSP's (and not ImLive.com) collect your credit card information and other information necessary for processing / authorizing your credit card payments. These payment companies may also provide certain of your details to us - but this shall not include your credit card number.You have the following choices to update your information from our database: You can send our Customer Service Department an email at info@ImLive.com or you may log in with your password and update or delete your profile. Please note that the information is not deleted from the Company's database but will be saved under a deleted status and will not be presentedThe site reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Statement at any time.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: info@ImLive.com 