

Assignment. This agreement is personal to you and is not assignable by you without iStock's prior written consent.  iStock may assign this agreement, without notice or consent, to any corporate affiliate or to any successor in interest, provided that such entity agrees to be bound by these terms.


Audit/Certificate of Compliance. Upon reasonable notice, you agree to provide to iStock sample copies of projects or end uses that contain licensed content, including by providing iStock with free of charge access to any pay-walled or otherwise restricted access website or platform where content is reproduced.  In addition, upon reasonable notice, iStock may, at its discretion, either through its own employees or through a third party, audit your records directly related to this agreement and your use of licensed content in order to verify compliance with the terms of this agreement.  If any audit reveals an underpayment by you to iStock of five percent (5%) or more of the amount you should have paid, then in addition to paying iStock the amount of the underpayment, you also agree to reimburse iStock for the costs of conducting the audit.  Where iStock reasonably believes that content is being used outside of the scope of the license granted under this agreement, you agree, at iStock's request, to provide a certificate of compliance signed by an officer of your company, in a form to be approved by iStock.


Electronic storage. You agree to retain the copyright symbol, the name of iStock, the content's identification number and any other information that may be embedded in the electronic file containing the original content, and to maintain appropriate security to protect the content from unauthorized use by third parties.  You may make one (1) copy of the content for back-up purposes.


Governing Law/Arbitration. This agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A., without reference to its laws relating to conflicts of law. Any disputes arising from or related to this agreement shall be finally settled by binding, confidential arbitration by a single arbitrator selected using the rules and procedures for arbitrator selection under the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") or of the International Centre for Dispute Resolution ("ICDR") in effect on the date of the commencement of arbitration (the applicable rules to be at your discretion) to be held in one of the following jurisdictions (whichever is closest to you): Seattle, Washington; New York, New York; Los Angeles, California; London, England; Paris, France; Frankfurt, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; or Singapore. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English and all documentation shall be presented and filed in English. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment may be entered on the arbitration award and enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not govern this agreement.  iStock shall also have the right to commence and prosecute any legal or equitable action or proceeding before any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain injunctive or other relief against you in the event that, in the opinion of iStock, such action is necessary or desirable. The parties agree that, notwithstanding any otherwise applicable statute(s) of limitation, any arbitration proceeding shall be commenced within two years of the acts, events or occurrences giving rise to the claim.


Severability. If one or more of the provisions in this agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions should not be affected.  Such provisions should be revised only to the extent necessary to make them enforceable.


Waiver. No action of either party, other than express written waiver, may be construed as a waiver of any provision of this agreement.


Entire Agreement. No terms of conditions of this agreement may be added or deleted unless made in writing and accepted in writing by both parties, or issued electronically by iStock and accepted in writing by you.  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this agreement and the terms contained on any purchase order sent by you, the terms of this agreement will apply.


Notice. All notices required to be sent to iStock under this agreement should be sent via email to legalnotice@istock.com. All notices to you will be sent via email to the email set out in your account.


Taxes. You agree to pay and be responsible for any and all sales taxes, use taxes, value added taxes and duties imposed by any jurisdiction as a result of the license granted to you, or of your use of the licensed content.


Interest on Overdue Invoices. If you fail to pay an invoice in full within the time specified, iStock may add a service charge of 1.5% per month, or such lesser amount as is allowed by law, on any unpaid balance until payment is received.


Fees and Renewal. If your subscription is set to AUTOMATICALLY RENEW, you authorize iStock to charge the applicable subscription fees at the then applicable rate and taxes for the subscription to your credit card on file at the expiration of the term. You may change your auto-renewal preferences in your iStock account. Your subscription may only be cancelled as set out in Section 8(b). iStock may deactivate your subscription without prior notice if iStock is unable to process payment through the credit card provided by you.


Licensing Entity. The licensing entity under this agreement is determined based on your billing address and shall be as set out on your invoice.


