
Privacy
At Vetstream, we understand and respect the importance of privacy. We take your privacy seriously and are fully committed to handling the information from you in a secure and responsible manner. In this privacy section we explain how we use your information, in particular:

How do we use your data?
How the information is collected from you through the website
Who may your data be disclosed to?
How can you amend your personal data?
How do we use your data?
When you register and use this site you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We use this data for the following principal purposes:
To provide you with the highest possible level of service and to help you get the best out of our website
To register you with our website and to administer our website services
To fulfil the purchases you have made through our website, and any other requests we receive from you 
For other administrative purposes and for internal analysis 

If you choose to opt-in to allow us to send you details of Vetstream special offers and promotions and other related information, we may contact you by post, fax , e-mail or telephone to let you know about any goods, services or offers which may be of interest to you. We may keep this information for a reasonable period.

If you opt-in to allow us to pass on your information to other selected veterinary suppliers we may pass on you contact information to relevant companies within the Veterinary industry that we hope will be of interest to you.
If you no longer wish to receive any such information, having chosen to opt-in, please contact us.
How the information is collected from you through the website
Cookies are text files that identify your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. 
When visiting our website, we request your computer stores the following types of cookie;

Session - Your computer will automatically be issued with this cookie when you login to a registered service. This enables us to identify which pages and content you are allowed to view.
Analytics - These cookies allow us to continually improve our service to our customers, for example they enable us to determine how frequently pages are visited and to identify the most popular areas of our websites.
Social media - These cookies are required to enable Facebook, Twitter and other social websites to work properly
Advertising - This allows adverts to be chosen for you based on past behaviour and interests.
Who may your data be disclosed to?
Unless you have chosen to opt-in to allow your contact details to be passed onto other veterinary suppliers, we will not disclose, sell or rent your data to any other third parties. However, we reserve the right to release personal information where we are required to by law or by the regulations and other rules (including auditing requirements) to which we are subject. We may also exchange information with other companies and organisations for the purpose of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may also disclose your information for the purpose of processing and fulfilling your order.
Please rest assured that any companies or individuals who have access to this information are not permitted to use this information for any other purposes and they are required to process any such data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988.
Transfer of information
For any of the purposes set out above, we may transfer your data internationally including to countries outside Europe. Each country may offer different levels of protection, some of which may not be as high as the United Kingdom.
Protection of personal data
We have taken every possible precaution to create a secure environment to protect the personal data supplied by you to us. Vetstream uses the latest secure server software provided by RBS Worldpay to safeguard financial transactions.
How can you amend your personal data?
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your postcode), please contact us and we will correct or update personal data accordingly
Under The Data Protection Act 1988 you also have a right to ask for a copy of your information and to correct any inaccuracies. Such a request must be made to us in writing. We reserve the right to make a small administrative charge for this service.
Links
Our website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be cautious and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects your identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on the Vetstream websites.
Changes
By using this website you consent to the collection, processing and storage of your personal data by Vetstream in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. If there are any changes to this privacy policy, we will replace this page with an updated version. If is therefore in your own interest to check the 'Privacy Policy' page so as to be aware of any changes that may occur from time to time.


