1. Validity of the Privacy Policy
1.1. Empower Sports AG („MYCUJOO“) operates the websites www.mycujoo.com or www.mycujoo.tv (each the "Website").
1.2. Every time a user ("you" or "user") accesses the Website, he or she agrees to the present Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") in the version valid at the moment of access, towards MYCUJOO.
c. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Use ("ToU") of MYCUJOO.
1.3. Statutory data privacy regulations will apply in addition to this Privacy Policy.
1.1. Empower Sports AG („MYCUJOO“) operates the websites www.mycujoo.com or www.mycujoo.tv (each the "Website"). 1.2. Every time a user ("you" or "user") accesses the Website, he or she agrees to the present Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") in the version valid at the moment of access, towards MYCUJOO. c. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Use ("ToU") of MYCUJOO. 1.3. Statutory data privacy regulations will apply in addition to this Privacy Policy.

2. Processing of Personal Data
2.1. In connection with the use of each service of the Website, you may transmit personal data ("Data") to MYCUJOO and/or to service providers engaged by MYCUJOO (such as payment gateway providers or marketing partners). Such Data may include, without limitation, phone number, e-mail address, or credit card and banking information. Further date and time of access, the address of the accessed website, your device's IP address, the URL from which you have accessed the Website, transmitted data volume, as well as information on type and version of the browser you are using may be logged.
2.2. If you disclose Data pertaining to third parties to MYCUJOO, you are responsible for the approval of the concerned data subjects and for the accuracy of the information provided.
2.3. MYCUJOO requires your Data for the purpose of administrating subscriptions and processing payment transactions, for customer care, technical administration and for its own marketing purposes. Your Data will only be disclosed to third parties if and to the extent it is required for the services provided through the Website, for the
2.4. appraisal of creditworthiness, for the conclusion of a contract with a third-party provider arranged for by MYCUJOO or for the processing of payment transactions, or if and to the extent you have given your prior consent.
2.5. MYCUJOO ensures appropriate Data privacy in compliance with statutory requirements. In particular, MYCUJOO protects the Website and all other systems in an appropriate manner by means of technical and organisational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification or divulgence of Data by unauthorised third parties.
2.6. MYCUJOO reserves the right to save your Data until you request their deletion in writing. Statutory date retention requirements remain reserved.
2.1. In connection with the use of each service of the Website, you may transmit personal data ("Data") to MYCUJOO and/or to service providers engaged by MYCUJOO (such as payment gateway providers or marketing partners). Such Data may include, without limitation, phone number, e-mail address, or credit card and banking information. Further date and time of access, the address of the accessed website, your device's IP address, the URL from which you have accessed the Website, transmitted data volume, as well as information on type and version of the browser you are using may be logged. 2.2. If you disclose Data pertaining to third parties to MYCUJOO, you are responsible for the approval of the concerned data subjects and for the accuracy of the information provided. 2.3. MYCUJOO requires your Data for the purpose of administrating subscriptions and processing payment transactions, for customer care, technical administration and for its own marketing purposes. Your Data will only be disclosed to third parties if and to the extent it is required for the services provided through the Website, for the 2.4. appraisal of creditworthiness, for the conclusion of a contract with a third-party provider arranged for by MYCUJOO or for the processing of payment transactions, or if and to the extent you have given your prior consent. 2.5. MYCUJOO ensures appropriate Data privacy in compliance with statutory requirements. In particular, MYCUJOO protects the Website and all other systems in an appropriate manner by means of technical and organisational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification or divulgence of Data by unauthorised third parties. 2.6. MYCUJOO reserves the right to save your Data until you request their deletion in writing. Statutory date retention requirements remain reserved.

3. Cookies
3.1. This Website uses "cookies". Cookies are small text files sent by the corresponding web server to the user's browser upon first visit of the Website and saved onto the user's computer or in the cache of the browser. When the same device accesses the Website, the browser checks whether a corresponding cookie is already available. The browser sends the Data saved in the cookie back to the web server. That way, the web server can detect whether the browser has already visited the same Website.
3.2. The data collected with the help of cookies are merely used by MYCUJOO to improve its services and to anonymously analyse the usage of the Website. There is no other use of the data, nor are the data used to identify the user of this Website.
3.3. You can set your browser not to save any cookies of this Website on your hard disk, or have your browser delete the cookies already saved on your device respectively. However you should bear in mind that by doing so you may no longer be able to use all the provided functions of the Website in full. The procedure to change the browser settings vary from browser to browser, information regarding adaptations and definition of your browser settings can be found in the "Help" menu of each browser.
3.1. This Website uses "cookies". Cookies are small text files sent by the corresponding web server to the user's browser upon first visit of the Website and saved onto the user's computer or in the cache of the browser. When the same device accesses the Website, the browser checks whether a corresponding cookie is already available. The browser sends the Data saved in the cookie back to the web server. That way, the web server can detect whether the browser has already visited the same Website. 3.2. The data collected with the help of cookies are merely used by MYCUJOO to improve its services and to anonymously analyse the usage of the Website. There is no other use of the data, nor are the data used to identify the user of this Website. 3.3. You can set your browser not to save any cookies of this Website on your hard disk, or have your browser delete the cookies already saved on your device respectively. However you should bear in mind that by doing so you may no longer be able to use all the provided functions of the Website in full. The procedure to change the browser settings vary from browser to browser, information regarding adaptations and definition of your browser settings can be found in the "Help" menu of each browser.

4. Google Analytics
4.1. mycujoo.tv uses Google Analytics, a web-analysing service by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", i.e. small text files saved on the computers of the users and allowing the analysis of web usage. The information created by this cookie regarding the usage of this Website (including IP addresses) are sent to, and saved onto, a Google server in the USA. Google will use this information to analyse the usage of this Website, compile reports on the web traffic for the Website owners and provide other services related to the usage of the Website and the Internet. Furthermore, Google will send this information to third parties only if required by law or if third parties will process this information on behalf of Google. The IP address disclosed by the user's web browser in the context of Google Analytics will not be merged with all the other data compiled by Google.
4.2. A specific setting of their web browser allows the users to prevent cookies from being saved; however, they are reminded that that they will no longer be able to use all the functions in full. Furthermore, the users can prevent the capture of the data created by the cookies and related to their usage of the Website, as well as the processing of the data by Google, by downloading and installing the following browser plug-in found on the link below: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
4.3. By using this Website, you agree to the processing of your data collected by Google in the manner described above and for the aforementioned purpose.
4.1. mycujoo.tv uses Google Analytics, a web-analysing service by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", i.e. small text files saved on the computers of the users and allowing the analysis of web usage. The information created by this cookie regarding the usage of this Website (including IP addresses) are sent to, and saved onto, a Google server in the USA. Google will use this information to analyse the usage of this Website, compile reports on the web traffic for the Website owners and provide other services related to the usage of the Website and the Internet. Furthermore, Google will send this information to third parties only if required by law or if third parties will process this information on behalf of Google. The IP address disclosed by the user's web browser in the context of Google Analytics will not be merged with all the other data compiled by Google. 4.2. A specific setting of their web browser allows the users to prevent cookies from being saved; however, they are reminded that that they will no longer be able to use all the functions in full. Furthermore, the users can prevent the capture of the data created by the cookies and related to their usage of the Website, as well as the processing of the data by Google, by downloading and installing the following browser plug-in found on the link below: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. 4.3. By using this Website, you agree to the processing of your data collected by Google in the manner described above and for the aforementioned purpose.

5. Use of Facebook, Twitter and Google
5.1. mycujoo.tv uses social plug-ins ("plug-ins") of facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"), of twitter.com, operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107 USA ("Twitter") and plus.google.com, operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA ("Google+"; Facebook, Twitter and Google+ hereinafter referred to as "Social Networks"). The plug-ins are labelled with an icon of the corresponding Social Network.
5.2. When you visit a website containing plug-ins, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of the corresponding Social Network. The content of the plug-ins is directly transmitted from the Social Network to your browser and linked to the Website.
5.3. If you are logged in on the corresponding Social Network, it can assign the access of the Website to your account of the corresponding Social Network. When you interact with the plug-ins, for instance with Facebook's "Like" button, or add a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to the corresponding Social Network.
5.4. Please refer to the data privacy statements of Facebook, Twitter or Google+ regarding purpose and extent of data collection, processing and usage by the corresponding Social Networks, as well as your rights in this respect and setting options for protecting your privacy.
5. Use of Facebook, Twitter and Google 5.1. mycujoo.tv uses social plug-ins ("plug-ins") of facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"), of twitter.com, operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107 USA ("Twitter") and plus.google.com, operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA ("Google+"; Facebook, Twitter and Google+ hereinafter referred to as "Social Networks"). The plug-ins are labelled with an icon of the corresponding Social Network. 5.2. When you visit a website containing plug-ins, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of the corresponding Social Network. The content of the plug-ins is directly transmitted from the Social Network to your browser and linked to the Website. 5.3. If you are logged in on the corresponding Social Network, it can assign the access of the Website to your account of the corresponding Social Network. When you interact with the plug-ins, for instance with Facebook's "Like" button, or add a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to the corresponding Social Network. 5.4. Please refer to the data privacy statements of Facebook, Twitter or Google+ regarding purpose and extent of data collection, processing and usage by the corresponding Social Networks, as well as your rights in this respect and setting options for protecting your privacy.

6. Owner of the data file
6.1. Empower Sports AG, Luegislandstrasse 105, 8051 Zürich, Switzerland is the owner of the Data file.
6.1. Empower Sports AG, Luegislandstrasse 105, 8051 Zürich, Switzerland is the owner of the Data file.

7. Right of access and correction of data
7.1. You have a right of access to and/or correction of your Data, pursuant to statutory provisions. A request for access or correction is to be sent in writing or via e-mail, accompanied by a copy of a document identifying you, to the following address:
Empower Sports AG
MYCUJOO
Technoparkstrasse 1
8005 Zürich,
7.1. You have a right of access to and/or correction of your Data, pursuant to statutory provisions. A request for access or correction is to be sent in writing or via e-mail, accompanied by a copy of a document identifying you, to the following address: Empower Sports AG MYCUJOO Technoparkstrasse 1 8005 Zürich, [email protected] 