PwC's Website Privacy Statement
This policy was last updated in September 2015
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the US firm of the PricewaterhouseCoopers network of firms, is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information, and this privacy statement explains how PwC treats your personal information when you use this site.  By using this site and submitting any personal information, you agree to the use by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC" or "we") of such data in accordance with this privacy statement. 
Data collection
We collect only personally identifiable information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by visitors to PwC's website. PwC receives limited identifiable information, such as name, job title, and company name, address, email address, telephone and fax numbers, from website visitors. A visitor may choose to provide personal information in the following examples:

Subscribe or order newsletters and/or publications
Submit resumes or work history information
Participate in "join our mailing list" initiatives
Participate in bulletin boards, discussion or message forums
Enter Quick Surveys, Quiz's or Benchmarking Surveys
Register for events and conferences
Register for premium online services
Contact us for further information

Demographic information, including gender and occupation, is not actively sought, but may be submitted when a visitor responds to an online job application. It is PwC's policy to limit the information collected to only the minimum information required to complete a visitor's request. If a visitor believes the site has collected excessive information, we encourage the visitor to contact us at privacy@pwc.com to raise any concerns.  In any instance where non-mandatory information is sought, the website visitor will be notified of this at the point of collection.
Visitors are also able to send email through the site. Their messages will contain the user's screen name and email address, as well as any additional information the visitor may wish to include in the message. PwC's intention is not to seek any sensitive information through our website unless legally required. Sensitive information includes a number of types of data relating to: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or other similar beliefs; trade union membership; physical or mental health; sexual life or criminal record. We suggest that you do not provide sensitive information of this nature. If you choose to provide sensitive information for any reason, PwC accepts your explicit consent to use that information in the ways described in this privacy statement or as described at the point where you choose to disclose this information.
Use of data
When a visitor provides personal information to us, we use it for the purposes for which it was provided to us as stated at the point of collection (or as obvious from the context of collection).  Examples of the types of use are given in the ‘Data collection’ section above. We may also use your data to contact you with information about PwC's business, services and events, and other information which may be of interest to you.  You may unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by contacting us as set out in the 'Unsubscribe' section below or through the unsubscribe link in our communication to you.  PwC may also use your information in order to administer and manage the site or communicate with you about the site. 
Our websites do not collect or compile personally identifying information for dissemination or sale to outside parties for consumer marketing purposes, or host mailings on behalf of third parties.  If you would like to find out more about the different categories of information collected, please review the ‘Data collection’ section. 
Cookies and log files
Cookies may be used on some pages of our site. "Cookies" are small text files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing a more customized website experience. For example, a cookie can be used to store registration information in an area of the site so that a user does not need to re-enter it on subsequent visits to that area. It is PwC's policy to use cookies to make navigation of our websites easier for visitors and to facilitate efficient registration procedures. Site statistics are compiled by third parties and therefore your IP address will be passed to third parties for statistical reporting only.
If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies. In most cases, a visitor may refuse a cookie and still fully navigate our websites, however other functionality in the site may be impaired. After termination of the visit to our site, you can always delete the cookie from your system if you wish.
In order to properly manage our website we may anonymously log information on our operational systems, and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics are reported in the aggregate to our webmasters. This is to ensure that our website presents the best web experience for visitors and is an effective information resource.
Third parties
Personal data collected by PwC may be transferred or disclosed to third party contractors, subcontractors, subsidiaries and/or other PwC firms for the purposes for which the visitor has submitted the information and for the administration of our system or site and/or other internal, administrative purposes. Personal data may also be transferred to third party service providers of identity management, website hosting and management, data analysis, data back-up, security and storage services.  As a result, personal data may be transferred outside the country where the visitor is located.  By submitting data on PwC's website, the visitor is providing explicit consent to the transfer of such data for the fulfillment of his or her voluntary requests or  otherwise as set out in the 'Use of data' section.
It is PwC's policy to disclose information to third parties under the following circumstances:

As required by applicable law, statue, rule, regulation or professional standard, or through subpoena, search warrant or other legal process
For regulatory compliance purposes
When explicitly requested by a visitor
When required to deliver publications or reference materials requested by a visitor
When required to facilitate conferences or events hosted by a third party
Or otherwise as set out in this statement.

Third party links
There are several places throughout pwc.com that may link to other websites that do not operate under PwC's privacy practices. When you link to other websites, PwC's privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage visitors to review each site's privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Data retention
The personal data you submit to us will only be retained for as long as is required for the purposes for which it was collected. Contact information about visitors such as mailing list information is kept until a user unsubscribes to a publication or requests that we delete that information. Resumes are disposed of when they are either no longer under consideration, or are considered dated by our Human Resources departments.
Unsubscribe
Should visitors subsequently choose to unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations, we will provide instructions within the appropriate website area or in communications to our visitors; or a visitor may contact the webmaster of the appropriate site e.g., webmaster@pwc.com.
Access
Visitor updates of information should be handled by going back through the registration process. Inquiries about the accuracy of identifying information previously submitted to PwC through its website, or requests to have outdated information removed, should be directed to: webmaster@pwc.com. PwC is committed to providing reasonable and practical access to visitors to allow them the opportunity to identify and correct any inaccuracies. When requested and practical, PwC will delete identifying information from current operational systems.
When personally identifiable information is retained, PwC assumes responsibility for keeping an accurate record of the information once a visitor has submitted and verified the data. PwC does not assume responsibility for verifying the ongoing accuracy of the content of personal information. When practically possible, if PwC is informed that any personal data collected through a website is no longer accurate, PwC will make appropriate corrections based on the updated information provided by the authenticated visitor.
Security
PwC has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorized PwC personnel are provided access to personally identifiable information and these employees have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of this information.
Children
PwC understands the importance of protecting children's privacy especially in an online environment. The PwC sites covered by this privacy statement are not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 13 years. It is PwC's policy never to knowingly collect or maintain personal information about children under the age of 13.
Modifications

PwC may update this statement at any time by publishing an updated version here. You can access the most current version of this privacy statement at any time on this site.PwC may update this statement at any time by publishing an updated version here. You can access the most current version of this privacy statement at any time on this site.