

Privacy Shield
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and its affiliated US subsidiaries adheres to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information that is transferred from the European Union and its Member States, and the European Economic Area and Switzerland to the United States.  PwC has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles within the scope of PwC’s Privacy Shield certification. To learn more, see our Privacy Shield Policy.
 
Data collection
PwC collects personally identifiable information which is specifically and voluntarily provided by visitors to PwC's website. In addition, PwC may combine information collected through means such as cookies or third-party analytics tools with personal information maintained by PwC.  PwC may collect certain personally identifiable information, such as name, job title, and company name, address, email address, telephone and fax numbers, from website visitors. A visitor may choose to provide personal information in the following examples:

Subscribe or order newsletters and/or publications
Submit resumes or work history information
Participate in "join our mailing list" initiatives
Participate in bulletin boards, discussion or message forums
Enter Quick Surveys, Quizzes or Benchmarking Surveys
Register for events and conferences
Register for premium online services
Contact us for further information
Visiting our sites while logged into a Social Media platform

Demographic information, including gender and occupation, is not actively sought, but may be submitted when a visitor responds to an online job application. It is PwC's policy to limit the information collected to only the minimum information required to complete a visitor's request. If a visitor believes the site has collected excessive information, we encourage the visitor to contact us at privacy@pwc.com to raise any concerns.  In any instance where non-mandatory personal information is sought, the website visitor will be notified of this at the point of collection.

Visitors are also able to send email through the site. Their messages will contain the user's screen name and email address, as well as any additional information the visitor may wish to include in the message. PwC's intention is not to seek any sensitive information through our website unless legally required. Sensitive information includes a number of types of data relating to: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or other similar beliefs; trade union membership; physical or mental health; sexual life or criminal record. We suggest that you do not provide sensitive information of this nature. If you choose to provide sensitive information for any reason, PwC accepts your explicit consent to use that information in the ways described in this privacy statement or as described at the point where you choose to disclose this information.
 

