
RFC has developed this policy because it wants you to feel confident about the privacy and security of your personal information. Please read it carefully:
In terms of the Data Protection Act  (Chapter 440 of the Laws of Malta), Rizzo Farrugia & Co (Stockbrokers) Limited (“RFC”) will process your data
(a) to give you statements and provide its products and services;
(b) for internal assessment and analysis;
(c) for the detection and prevention of fraud and other criminal activity which RFC is bound to report;
(d) to develop and improve RFC’s products and services;
(e) for direct marketing, such as to inform you, by mail, telephone, fax, e-mail or other electronic means, about other products and services supplied by RFC, its subsidiaries, associates, agents and by other carefully selected third parties, and for research purposes.
Please note that your personal data may be disclosed to or exchanged with all employees of RFC, its subsidiaries, associates and agents for the above purposes only.
You have the right to request RFC to inform you about the personal data held about you that is processed and to request its correction where necessary. Furthermore, please inform us in writing if you do not wish that we process your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing.
Whilst RFC may periodically request you to re-confirm the above data, you should inform RFC immediately if such data has changed.
RFC does not provide any third parties with any information regarding a customer’s financial transactions/accounts unless obliged to do so by law, by court order or with your specific consent.
According to law, RFC may be required from time to time to disclose your information to Governmental bodies, agencies or our Regulators, but will only do so under proper authority.
RFC only collects information that it believes to be relevant and required to understand a customer’s present or future financial needs, or the needs of its customers in general, and to conduct its business.
Market research using customer information is only carried out for internal purposes, so that RFC may understand its customers’ needs and business trends in order to develop and/or improve the products and services that it offers.
It is RFC’s policy to send direct marketing material related to our financial products or from carefully selected third parties that may provide products or services to RFC, or to RFC’s customers, at preferential rates or conditions. Customers have a right to request not to receive direct marketing material by informing RFC in writing.
All reasonable efforts are made to keep customer information up-to-date. Please inform RFC in writing of any changes to your personal information.  You may write to RFC if you want to know exactly what personal information RFC holds on you. If it transpires that the information held is inaccurate, RFC will make the necessary amendments and confirm to you that these have been made.
RFC maintains strict information security policies designed to prevent unauthorised access to your information by anyone, including RFC staff unless required to give you a service.
When using the public portion of the website, you may be required to provide RFC with your personal information, however this information is only used for the purpose for which it is collected, for example to send the requested information, unless you specifically choose otherwise. If you provide RFC with your email address, RFC will treat it just as securely as other personal information. RFC will not send you unsolicited email messages or junk mail.
Similar to other websites, the RFC website utilises a standard technology called ‘cookies’. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disc for record keeping, statistical and analysis purposes. They record the number of times people visit certain pages on RFC’s website. However, they are not used to access your personal information. They are a tool we use to analyse which web pages people prefer to view, in an aggregated manner. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies, but since RFC may sometimes use cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of RFC’s website if you do so.
We collect contact or feedback information on you when you complete the “Contact Us” form. We use the personal information submitted in the form to respond to your message, as well as, to correspond with you whenever the need arises unless you instruct us otherwise.  If you read or download information from our site, we automatically collect and store the following non-personal information: (a) the requested web page or download; (b) whether the request was successful or not; (c) the date and time when you accessed the site; (d) the Internet address of the website or the domain name of the computer from which you accessed the site; (e) the operating system of the machine running your web browser and the type and version of your web browser. Please note that the information collected as indicated above is not shared, leased, or sold in any manner to any other organisation.
Links which we provide to third-party websites are clearly marked and RFC is not responsible for the content of such websites or their privacy policies.
RFC may record telephone conversations to offer additional security or resolve complaints.
According to law, all RFC staff are personally responsible for maintaining customer confidentiality.
Unless otherwise stated in specific terms and conditions of use of any part of RFC’s website, RFC may change the content or services found on its website at any time without notice, and consequently RFC’s privacy policy may change at any time in the future.
You agree to revisit this page regularly and your continued access to or use of RFC’s website will mean that you agree to any and all changes.
If you have any questions regarding privacy issues, you may call our Compliance Officer on telephone (+356) 2258 3000 for more information.


