
General Business Operations We use contact information to market, sell, and service Nuance Products, subject to your consent where required by law.  We allow recipients of marketing messages and collateral to opt out of receiving further communications from Nuance at any time without detriment.
We use your financial or payment information, and your contact details, to support, establish, and conduct customer relationships as necessary for the performance of our terms of service with you (including, for example, completing purchase transactions, fulfillment of an order, order confirmations, responding to requests for information about products and services, and the provision of purchased products and services). If you fail to provide the personal data we need, we may be unable to complete your transaction.  
We use personal data from employment applications where necessary to support our legitimate interest in processing your application and to contact you if future opportunities arise. 

We use personal data of individuals associated with proposed resellers and distributors to conduct reference and background checks ahead of entering into a contract and as necessary for compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject.

Data Processed Within Our Products
 We use the personal data that is processed within our Products, such as voice data within voice recognition products, medical data within medical data products, personal data processed in communications products, and any personal data contained within product usage data we collect, to deliver our Products under applicable terms and for our legitimate interests in tuning, maintaining, enhancing, and developing Products.  We never use this data, referred to as “Product Personal Data,” for marketing purposes and we never sell or transfer your data to third parties for the third party’s marketing purposes.

We use aggregated, non-identifying, electronic data collected from use of our Sites and Products to operate, analyze, improve, and develop our Sites and Products. This information is not used to inform decisions about specific individuals; rather, it is processed to understand how different categories of users interact with our Sites and Products so that we can consistently improve our Products. 

