To Deliver Our Service

We will use your name and address and contact details and share these with our courier to process and deliver your order.
We will use your email address to send you service emails such as your order confirmation and delivery updates.
We will store your order history to help us assist you should you need any help with an ongoing or new order, including dates, product and size details, delivery and contact details.
We will store details of any communications you have with us via email, Live Chat, post, social platforms or telephone to enable us to deliver the best possible service and to assist you with any purchases, problems or complaints.
We will do so to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, to comply with regulatory requirements and on the basis of our legitimate interest to deliver the best possible customer service.

For Direct Marketing

From time to time we will send our existing customers details of similar products and offers by email and/or post. We will do so on the basis of our legitimate interest to engage with our customers and grow our business and in accordance with the requirements of Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations. You can opt out of receiving marketing messages from us when you give us your personal information and thereafter at any time. To unsubscribe, please click here, or email us at marketingpreferences@sportsshoes.com.
When you actively sign up and consent to receive our newsletter via our sign up page on the website, we will use your personal information to send you our latest new product releases, news and offers by email. You can withdraw your consent and opt out of receiving our newsletter at any time here.
When you actively request to receive our Running and Training books by post we will collect and store your name and address to despatch these to you.

To Improve Your Experience
Information We Collect When You Access the Site
When you access the website we will automatically collect and analyse certain information to optimise your site experience, including your IP address, language and currency preference, operating system and browser version and device. We will do so on the basis of our legitimate interest in ensuring optimal site functionality and ease of use for website users.
Cookies
This site uses cookies both to optimise your site experience and to provide us with analytics information to help us learn more about how we can improve our site and improve your experience further. For example we may anonymously track how long you spend on the site and which pages you browse. This site uses Google Analytics for anonymous reporting of site usage to help us understand how you use the site. You can learn more about our Cookies Policy here.
Feefo Review Platform
We will contact you after you have placed your order via the review platform, Feefo, to request your feedback on your product and overall experience with us. We will do so on the basis of our legitimate interest to evaluate and improve our service based on customer feedback and may contact you to resolve any issues you have had with our service. You are not under any obligation to provide any feedback. If you choose to do so, you consent to the publication of your feedback on the Feefo review platform and the Sportsshoes.com website. You can choose to make your feedback anonymous if you prefer.
Profiling
We use profiling to get to know our customers better and to personalise our services to help us to only send you messages  that are interesting and relevant to you. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to understand our business and to tailor our offers and service accordingly – and so that we don’t waste your time with offers and products that aren’t relevant or useful to you. We may make use of additional information about you that is available from external third party sources to help us do this effectively. You have the right to object to profiling for direct marketing purposes at any time and can do so by emailing us at marketingpreferences@sportsshoes.com.
