GDPR Statement
We do not collect any personal information on visitors to this website, other than their email addresses and names (optional), should they decide to subscribe to our email bulletins, or information submitted voluntarily via contact form(s). Anonymised email addresses are accepted, and our subscription process has always been by double opt-in. We keep minimal contact information on our advertisers, just what is necessary in order for us to provide our service and issue invoices. Please contact info@activelink.ie or call us during Irish business hours on +353-1-6677326 to request either a copy of, or the deletion of, any data that we hold on you.
We do not track the delivery of, or usage of, our email bulletins. We do not use link-trackers.
Your privacy is our priority
Activelink respects and protects the privacy of its users and visitors. This statement explains how we gather, use and disseminate personal information at this website.
This web site is developed and managed by Hyperlink Ltd. Our postal address is:
Hyperlink Ltd t/a Activelink, 2-4 Merville Road, Stillorgan, Co. Dublin, A94 E3F8, Ireland.
We can be reached by email at info@activelink.ie and by telephone at +353-1-6677 326.
For each visitor to our web site, our web server automatically records that visitor's IP address, the pages/resources that they viewed, and what site referred them to here if they clicked on a link (such as from a Google search), but not their e-mail address. This is standard information logged by most web servers.
This information helps us generate broad demographic statistics on what types of organisation are visiting the site and which pages they visit.
Our web content management software records search data and it will record email addresses if they are given in contact forms. The search data is aggregated to help us understand the wishes of visitors to our site more thoroughly, and the email addresses are used for legitimate contact purposes. We will never send you unsolicited emails due to your use of this web site.
We utilise Google Analytics to analyse the way that our visitors interact with this Web site, and we regularly use information that we glean from that service to improve the performance and usability of Activelink. Google makes a Web browser add-in available to people who would rather not be 'seen' by their Analytics - it is available via this page: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Accuracy of information
The accuracy of users' personal details is governed by the accuracy of the information users provide. We do not verify personal information. Activelink is not responsible for errors or problems that arise as a result of inaccurate information provided by the user.
In order to ensure that users subscribing to one of our email bulletins do use and control that email account, we automatically attempt to validate the email addresses provided by users, via "double opt-in".
Registered users can delete their data at any time. Each e-mail publication sent out includes details of how to unsubscribe.
If users experience any problems in amending or deleting their information we are keen to help and welcome contact to Activelink by email or phone.
Our bulletin server software will automatically remove email addresses that cause mails to be rejected repeatedly in succession. If this happens then resubscription is necessary.
Do we share personal information?
The information we gather is not sold, given to, or otherwise shared with other organisations for commercial or any other purposes, unless we are ordered to by an Irish court of law.
All we might share with other organisations, are aggregated statistics, none of which include personally identifiable information.
This site is designed for community and voluntary organisations, charities, non-profit organisations / associations, NGOs, people interested or involved in the activities of the 'non-profit sector', mainly in Ireland.
Links
This web site links to many other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on these sites. Nor do we guarantee that these sites and their content are still available.
Cookies
A 'cookie' is text stored by your web browser that can be used for tracking and other purposes. While Activelink does not directly use cookies to track you, Google Analytics does. We may however make use of non-persistent cookies to assist you in your short-term use of this site. Such non-persistent cookies do not contain any personally identifying information and are set to expire automatically. You can disable cookies in your web browser if you prefer not to accept them - see this site for more information: http://www.civicuk.com/cookie-control
This web site will function if you have disabled cookies or Javascript or both, though it may look quite different.
SSL encryption
Activelink uses SSL/TLS encryption to serve this website. Our mailings are also encrypted in transit, as long as your email service supports it, otherwise they are sent unencrypted.

[ home | about | copyright | disclaimer | privacy ]
