Traffic is an integrated post digital agency, offering front-line expertise and quantitative returns for clients in building brand reputation, increasing online visibility and audience engagement.

Based in Dubai, UAE with offices in Saudi Arabia and Pakistan, Traffic is a team of over 90+ digital innovators, line crossers, rain makers who display and implement an impressive range of skills in website design and development, digital marketing and enterprise solutions.
Trusted by leading brands as the ‘go to’ company for high-end web designs, development and strategic digital marketing campaigns, we take pride in delivering the highest standards of digital solutions in the MENA region.
Traffic’s Mantra - Born Digital, Staying Digital
This unique mantra stirs passion to initiate, innovate and implement new digital strategies. We creatively signpost customer’s journey to transform engagement into conversion. Whether our clients are looking to drive converting traffic, develop viral social contact, or are simply interested in getting in touch with the wider audience, we help them reach new levels of success.
To help our clients stay digital, we not only explore their profile and customer journey, but also analyse their competitors and marketplace to position them at the top. All in all, our staying digital approach enables us to embrace latest design trends, development and digital campaigns. Starting from the crucial concept of listening to and understanding clients' vision and aims, we offer delightful services and create memorable experiences with the help of mindful research, critical analysis and detailed information architecture.
AT TRAFFIC - CLIENTS COME FIRST
Knowing that a positive first impression is essential to relationships, we offer that comfort zone to our clients where they build trust and integrity, and find enough room to reflect and reinforce their first impression.
Keeping clients first gives us a sense of fulfillment and energy to drive results. Our simple 'take on' and 'can do' strategy brings clients closer to us and helps in creating a bond. With our high quality services, customer support and client handling, we not only deliver, we keep our clients informed about the choices we have and decisions we take while designing, developing and deploying any digital activity.
TRAFFIC – AN AGENCY YET HOME TO GEEKS!
Traffic is home to innovators and digital geeks. With a hand-picked team of professionals, Traffic instills ethical company culture to initiate, engineer, innovate and work out digital solutions that are deemed impossible. Traffic’s vibrant yet personalised work space let’s people work individually and in groups, while having a perfect environment to learn, unlearn and relearn new ideas.
Traffic’s select team plays an important role in building lasting relationships with end users and, thus, in supporting the brand’s promise. Our team of creative directors, copywriters, digital experts and website developers in UAE creates a perfect combination to take on challenging projects falling into areas like web designs, content management systems, e-marketing solutions, web apps, android and iPhone apps, bespoke software development, hosting, search engine optimisation, social media marketing, pay per click marketing, affiliate marketing, video advertisements, digital marketing consultancy and branding solutions to help clients stay on the winning side.
TRAFFIC AT TRAFFIC
Traffic boasts a huge fan base of over 200 high performing clientele including Unilever, Emaar, PwC, TDIC, Etihad, Sharjah Tourism, The Dubai Mall, Sipchem and so on. Traffic takes great pride in experiencing high incoming traffic from across the globe. Our reputed clients advocate and embrace Traffic as one of the most rewarding digital agency in the United Arab Emirates.
If you are looking forward to give a digital boost to your business, we’d love to start a conversation about how that can happen. Call us on +971 (0)4 454 2230 to see how we can help you get more from your business website and digital marketing campaigns.
MORE ABOUT US

