PRIVACY & COOKIE STATEMENT IMAGE LINE
 
 
 
 
1. Definitions
 
When used in this Privacy & Cookie Statement, the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Image Line: Image Line bvba, with registered office at Franklin Rooseveltlaan 348/D, BE-9000 Ghent (Belgium) and with company registration number BE 0452.440.860, webmaster@image-line.com;
Website: www.image-line.com and derivatives, developed and administered by Image Line (such as but not limited to: www.image-line.com/be/audio, www.imageline.com, www.flstudio.com/net/org/eu/cn, www.flstudiomobile.com, www.flstudioapp.com, www.samplefusion.com, www.pluginspot.com, www.loopspot.com, www.dynamicloops.com, www.sytrus.com, www.visit.dj, www.ez-editor.com , www.ezgenerator.com/net, www.superwebsitebuilder.com, www.sitelizard.com, www.emageview.com and www.e-officedirect.com);
Visitor: any physical person who uses the Website; and
Personal Data: all data concerning an identified or identifiable natural person, such as but not limited to information that informs Image Line specifically concerning the identity of the Visitor, such as the Visitor's name, telephone number, e-mail address, home address or payment and financial information, regardless of how it is communicated, for instance by word, text, sound or image.

 
2. Protection of Personal Data
 
Image Line is responsible for the processing of Personal Data that it collects and processes as part of its activities.
 
Image Line knows that the Visitor cares about his Personal Data and therefore Image Line attaches great importance to respecting and protecting the privacy of Visitors and the confidentiality of their Personal Data. This Privacy & Cookie Statement aims to inform Visitors about the modalities for the use of their Personal Data and the safeguards to protect the confidentiality thereof.
 
Image Line will use Personal Data with discretion and will protect its confidential and private nature in accordance with the Act of 8 December 1992 on the protection of privacy in relation to the processing of personal data (as amended) (the "Act of 8 December 1992”) and other relevant applicable regulations. This legislation is available on the Privacy Commission's website: www.privacycommission.be. Image Line uses its best efforts to take the necessary legal and technical precautions to prevent unauthorized access to and use of Personal Data.
 
By visiting the Website, the Visitor accepts this Privacy & Cookie Statement of Image Line and grants Image Line permission to collect and process his Personal Data according to the modalities and principles set out in this Privacy & Cookie Statement.
 
Image Line may amend this Privacy & Cookie Statement at any time and for any reason. The latest version of the Privacy & Cookie Statement will be available on the Website and significant amendments will be communicated on the homepage of the Website for a certain period of time after the amendment is made.
 
3. General information on the Website
 
Visitors can visit the Website and gather the necessary information on the services of Image Line, without sharing Personal Data with Image Line.
 
However, Image Line offers its Visitors the possibility to personalize certain services and to use additional tools. Image Line is not liable if the used services or tools, that are accessible after disclosure of Personal Data, do not produce the desired result.
 
The Website meets rules and safety measures intended to protect the Personal Data, such as the use of Secure Sockets Layer software (SSL), which encrypts Personal Data during their transmission.
4. Collected data, specification of purposes and disclosure to third parties
 
Image Line collects Personal Data which the Visitor voluntarily provides to Image Line. By providing Personal Data, the Visitor grants Image Line explicit permission to collect and process such data for the purposes listed below. The Personal Data which Image Line collects are only those which are necessary for the purposes for which they are collected.
 
If the Visitor chooses to disclose Personal Data to Image Line, the latter will process these data confidentially in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy & Cookie Statement and the legal requirements applicable in Belgium. “Processing” means any operation, whether or not automated, applied to the Personal Data of natural persons, such as collecting, recording, organizing, storing, modifying, deleting, consulting, communicating, using, disclosing through transmission, disseminating or otherwise making available, aligning, associating with each other, protecting or destroying. "Confidential processing" means that Image Line processes the Personal Data in a confidential manner in accordance with the legal requirements applicable in Belgium, in particular the Act of 8 December 1992.
 
Unless otherwise agreed or stipulated hereunder, the records of Personal Data are strictly for internal use by Image Line and Image Line shall not sell, transfer, trade, rent or disclose the Visitors’ Personal Data to any third party, neither for information nor for commercial purposes.
 
If the Visitor provides Personal Data to Image Line, the latter integrates these data into its systems and processes and stores the Visitor’s Personal Data in order to keep track of the username and password Image Line assigned to the Visitor.
 
When registering, Visitors can choose whether or not to receive e-mails from Image Line. Only Visitors who have given their express consent will be contacted by Image Line via e-mail. Subscription to Image Line’s mailing lists supposes the transfer of the Visitor's e-mail address. Image Line will use the Visitor’s e-mail address to provide the Visitor with software upgrades and shall also make use of the possibility to provide the Visitor with information about new products and services.
 
A Visitor who orders one of Image Line’s products and/or services through the web shop on the Website must provide Image Line with Personal Data, such as his name, home or business address, e-mail address and billing information, to complete the Visitor’s order. Image Line has the right to use such information for executing the order and for purposes of direct marketing. Image Line may share such information for purposes of permitting other companies to market to the Visitor.
 
Personal Data collected during the installation, use or distribution of Image Line’s software will be used for the sole purpose of proper functioning of the software.
 
Personal Data that are collected through the web shop ordering facilities are used to fulfil Image Line’s sales contract obligations. Therefore it is possible that Image Line has to give certain Personal Data to its distributor or other subcontractors for delivery purposes.
 
Billing information is collected by WorldPay (The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB) or by Avangate BV (Van Heuven Goedhartlaan 937, 1181 LD Amstelveen, Amsterdam Metropolitan Area, The Netherlands) to process payment in connection with the Visitor’s order through the web shop on the Website, and will not be used for any other purpose. Moreover, if the Visitor pays for services by credit or bankcard, Image Line will share the Visitor’s name with these bankcard companies, only for the purpose that Image Line can get paid.
 
Image Line reserves the right to transmit Personal Data if required by law, regulation, court order or other legal requirements, at the request of judicial or administrative authorities and/or in order to protect the Visitor.
 
In case of a partial or full transfer of its business or any assets to a third party, the Visitor hereby agrees that Image Line shall be entitled to transfer any or all of the collected Personal Data to Image Line’s successors and/or assigns.
 
If Image Line wants to use Personal Data for a new purpose, Image Line will, prior to this new use, obtain the Visitor’s prior consent thereto.
 
This Privacy & Cookie Statement does not limit the rights that Image Line has as regards to a natural person pursuant to a separate agreement or other laws or regulations.
 
5. Duration of data storage
 
The collected data are in principle stored by Image Line for an unlimited duration.
 
The personal account of a Visitor and the collected data will be deleted by Image Line as soon as the Visitor requests Image Line to do so by contacting Image Line at the address Franklin Rooseveltlaan 348/D, BE-9000 Ghent (Belgium) or via e-mail at info@image-line.com.
 
6. Access to Personal Data processed by Image Line
 
In accordance with the Act of 8 December 1992, any Visitor can at any time, on simple request and free of charge oppose the processing of his Personal Data for direct marketing purposes if he does not want to be informed (anymore) in the future by postal mailings or telephone calls about new products and services. In addition, the Visitor has the right to request Image Line to provide a full overview of his Personal Data Image Line collected (if any). Moreover, the Visitor has the free right of access, modification, correction and deletion of his Personal Data. For these purposes, the Visitor may, subject to proof of identity (by providing his name, address and/or phone number), contact Image Line by ordinary mail at the address Franklin Rooseveltlaan 348/D, 9000 Ghent (Belgium) or via e-mail at info@image-line.com. The request will be handled within 45 days of identification.
 
Moreover, if the Visitor does not wish to receive further e-mail notifications, he may use the unsubscribe possibility provided in the e-mails from Image Line.
 
If the Visitor has registered on the Website and has a personal user account, he can manage and modify his account information at any time.
 
7. Cookies
 
Image Line strives to clearly inform the Visitors about how cookies are used on the Website and how they are stored on the devices of Visitors (computer, tablet, smartphone, etc.) in order to make the visit to the site more enjoyable.
 
Cookies are small data text files that a website can send to the Visitor’s browser, which may then store it on the Visitor’s system. Image Line receives and stores through these cookies certain types of information whenever the Visitor’s web browser accesses the Website. Cookies help Image Line to optimize the visit to the Website and to improve the quality of its services by performing a number of useful tasks, such as improving the security of the Website and the overall user experience.
 
A cookie is for example attached on the username and password registration so that Image Line can identify the Visitor. Cookies can also remember the Visitor’s preferences (such as user name, language, font and other preferences) so that the Visitor’s visit can be tailored to his individual preferences. Other cookies allow an analysis of certain information such as the number of visits to the Website, they assist the Visitor in reaching the appropriate information or they are used for marketing purposes.
 
Cookies also enable Image Line’s systems to recognize the Visitor’s browser and to provide features such as "My Fruityloop" section and help Image Line to collect information about the products a logged in Visitor already has obtained.
 
The information collected through cookies includes IP addresses, search terms, domain names and browser types. Image Line uses this kind of information to track usage and other patterns on its Website.
 
In order to enable optimal functioning of the Website, it is recommended that the Visitor activates and/or accepts cookies on his computer or mobile device. If cookies are not activated, Image Line cannot guarantee a flawless visit to the Website: the visit may be interrupted or delayed, the Visitor may not have access to or use certain parts of the Website.
 
Nevertheless, Visitors are free to remove or block cookies by adapting their browser settings. Although most web browsers principally accept cookies, the Visitor can remove previously installed cookies and/or restrict or block new cookies by adjusting his browser settings. The manner in which the browser settings can be adjusted varies per browser. More information about the browser settings as regards to cookies can be found at aboutcookies.org or in the "Help" menu of the internet browser.
 
If the Visitor deletes or blocks cookies, the Visitor will have to fill in his preferences at each visit and certain parts of the Website may not function (properly).
 
8. Contact details concerning Personal Data protection and cookies
 
Should a Visitor after reading this Privacy & Cookie Statement have further questions or remarks concerning the policy of Personal Data protection or concerning cookies, the Visitor may contact Image Line’s contact person via ordinary mail at Franklin Rooseveltlaan 348/D, 9000 Ghent (Belgium) or via e-mail at info@image-line.com.
 
For further general information concerning the protection of Personal Data, the Visitor can contact the Privacy Commission located at Rue de la Presse 35, 1000 Brussel (Belgium), tel.: 02/274.48.00 or via e-mail commission@privacycommission.be (www.privacycommission.be).
 
 