
“Cookies” are small text files that a website stores on your computer or mobile device every time you visit the site. The use of such files is widespread in order for websites to function or be more effective, as well as to provide information to site owners.
How are cookies used?
Howtoremove.guide uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to help analyze the use of the website. For this purpose, Google Analytics uses cookies – text files that are stored on your computer.
The information obtained through these files about how you use the website –  IP address and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form – is provided and stored by Google, in servers in USA. Google will send  the information anonymously by removing the last octet from your IP address before it is saved.
Google uses this information under the terms of use of Google Analytics to evaluate how the website is used and to report on the activities performed on the website.
We will not use and will not allow a third party to use the statistical analysis tool to track or collect any information that could identify the site visitors. Google may provide third parties with information collected through Google Analytics when required by law, or when such third parties process the information on behalf of Google.
Under the Google Analytics Terms of Use, your IP address will not be linked by Google with any other data available to Google.
You may opt out of using Google Analytics cookies by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. The app is associated with Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to indicate that website visit information should not be sent to Google Analytics.
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
Additional to Google Analytics, we use an in-house tracking system to evaluate the performance of our advertising and make improvements to them for better user experience. We track information in relation to the advertisements, including IP and user agents of users who clicked on the advertisements, together with browsing history on our website. If no clicks occurred, we do not track any information. The statistical information we gather is destroyed every 30 days and will never be shared with anyone unless required by law.
Disclaimer
This site contains varying information in the form of facts and comments left by visiting individuals, as well as recommendations for software usage and more. We provide access to this information “as is”, WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. To elaborate:
Howtoremove.guide and the people behind it deny any kind of warranty – either express or implied, including those linked to merchantability and fitness. Any consequences resulting from actions taken based on advice obtained from this website lie solely on the reader’s responsibility.
This site recommends software based on our writer’s personal experience in their field of expertise. The writers cannot guarantee that the suggested software will be equally effective for all kinds of problems and situations experienced by visitors.
Should you, as the user, decide to download and install a software product, please note that you are bound under a different set of Terms and Conditions that are issued by the company that distributes the software.
The site’s writers or owners are under no circumstance liable for the damage or loss of property resulting from the usage and interpretation of written content on this website.
This website may contain links to third party websites – either in the content of the site or in the comments posted by visitors. We are in no way responsible for the content of linked sites – any responsibility lies entirely with the relevant third parties, as we have no influence or control of these sites. No liability can be accepted for any possibly damage caused by visiting such sites.
Howtoremove.guide operates under an affiliate disclose agreement, that serves to handle our site’s affiliate relations and partnerships. This is done in accordance to the Federal Trade Commission’s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsement and Testimonials in Advertising, 16 C.F.R. Part 255.
We have picked our affiliate partners based on the quality of their products, as well as previous positive experience in the field of anti-malware. We do receive financial compensation for every software purchase from the Ads hosted on our site as a means to sustain the costs of running a website and researching malware behavior.
Please keep in mind that we provide a comment section on our pages for people to express their opinions and share experience for dealing with the various viruses and ad-based threats. The comment section is not private, so it is solely up to our readers to keep sensitive information about their computers away from the public eye. We reserve to ourselves the right to delete and modify inappropriate comments. We urge our readers
Visiting and reading the content of Howtoremove.guide is entirely optional and any person that does not agree with this disclaimer is encouraged to simply navigate away from this site.
Legal notice
Howtoremove.guide is a website dedicated to sharing information about the removal of various unwanted programs and malware. It is owned and managed by a Bulgarian company called SSMN Ltd, which was founded in 2015.
We are currently an affiliate partner of the partner of the Enigma Software Group, USA LLC (ESG) and promote the award-winning software product SpyHunter, which is owned by ESG. SSMN Ltd receives a special commission for every software purchase conducted by the banners displayed on Howtoremove.guide.
Please note that there are no sponsored Ads or paid content hosted on Howtoremove.guide. All content published is uniquely created by the writing team and as such is subjected to copyright protection.

