
MassageExchange.com Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. 
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes. Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products or services, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. To quickly process your transactions. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. If you register on our site you opt-in to receive our periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not register on our site, we do not have your e-mail address so you will not receive these e-mails. 
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to merchant processing services.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. 
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider writes to your computer through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember the username you logged in with as you navigate our site. 
Cookies are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. 
Note that since we use cookies to remember your username from page to page, if you turn cookies off, you won't be able to login to use our site as a registered member.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include our business. It also does not include website hosting partners, merchant processors, merchant banks, and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail address, visit  Profile → My Account (top menu bar). 
To modify your e-mail notification and privacy preferences, visit Profile → Preferences (top menu bar). Note that due to e-mail production schedules you may still receive  e-mails already in production for a short period after opting out of such notifications. 
To close your account, visit Profile → My Account (top menu bar). Note that we may maintain information about an account to comply with IRS and other government regulations,   in order to service transactions, and for record keeping. 
Third party links In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work). Changes to our policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. 
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue via our Help link (top menu bar).
Online Policy Only
 This on-line privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected off-line.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy. 
This Privacy Policy was last modified on April 14, 2015.

