Privacy PolicyBig Red Cloud is committed to protecting the privacy of the personally-identifiable information that we collect from you as you use this website and for internal recording within the company. The scope of Big Red Cloud’s commitment is detailed in this Privacy Policy. By submitting information, you agree to Big Red Cloud’s use of such information as described herein. Please see our Terms and Conditions for more information about our on-line policies in general.What personally-identifiable information is collected?Big Red Cloud collects personally-identifiable information on certain areas of the Site when users register, request information or a response, sign up for events, apply for jobs, and participate in user posting areas, such as surveys. The personally-identifiable information collected may include, without limitation, your access ID/password, company affiliations, and contact information (names, mailing and e-mail addresses, phone/ fax numbers).How may my Personal Info be used?Big Red Cloud uses your Personal Information to operate business activities, fulfil your requests for information, to process your requests to participate in events, and to review and consider any employment-related inquiries that you may submit. The e-mail addresses provided at registration allow Big Red Cloud to send e-mail to individuals based on the areas of interest that they indicate during the registration process. If you do not wish to receive e-mailed notice of items posted on the Site, simply click unsubscribe button on all marketing emails received. Big Red Cloud uses Personal Information collected from cookies and IP addresses as described below.How do we protect your information?Big Red Cloud implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you take a new trial or enter, submit or access your personal information. All supplied personal information is transmitted from the user to our secure server and is encrypted whilst in transit.How we protect your company’s information/data in our Cloud?Big Red Cloud holds your company’s information and data in secure third-party servers.  Refer to the ‘Data Processing Terms’ section of our Terms and Conditions link to understand how we store and protect your data as well as assisting you in complying with your obligations as a data controller.Google RemarketingBig Red Cloud use Google Remarketing campaigns to advertise to visitors while they browse other sites across the internet. Due to this, visitors to the www.bigredcloud.com website may encounter advertising from Big Red Cloud while they browse the web, enabled by 3rd party vendors such as Google. Third party vendors, such as Google, use cookies to track your visit to this website to serve relevant ads during your future browsing sessions of the internet.Are cookies and IP addresses used?The Site uses cookies to identify you and your interests and to track usage of the Site. Cookies are small pieces of text stored on your computer that help us know which browser you are using and where you have been on the Site and on Web sites to which you may link to use some of our features. Cookies also let us know whether you have registered with us and otherwise enable us to relate your current usage of the Site to prior usage of this or other Sites of Big Red Cloud or its affiliates. By accepting our cookie, you will be permitted access to certain pages of the Site without having to log in each time you visit. A user who does not accept the cookie from the Site may not be able to access certain areas of the Site. Big Red Cloud also logs IP addresses, or the location of computers on the Internet, to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Site.Is personal information disclosed to third parties?Big Red Cloud does not transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted and secure third parties who assist us in conducting our business.  We may also release your information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other rights, property or safety.Links to third-party sitesWe may provide links to third-party Web sites as a service to our users. In addition, some of the content appearing to be on this Site is in fact supplied by third parties, for example, in instances of framing of third- party Web sites or incorporation through framesets of content supplied by third-party servers. We cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection and privacy practices of such third-party Web sites, which may differ from those of this Site.How can I access, change, and/or delete information?You may access, correct, update, and/or delete any Personal Info that you submitted to the Site. To do so, please either follow instructions on the page of the Site on which you have provided such information or subscribed or registered, or send us an e-mail at support@bigredcloud.comYou also have the “right to be forgotten” (GDPR 2018) where you can decide to be completely erased from our systems. If you request this, please send an email to gdpr@bigredcloud.com.RetentionTo meet our legal and regulatory obligations, while you are a customer of ours, we hold all information. If you have chosen the right to be forgotten, all personally identifiable information will be erased from our system leaving behind invoices and other financial documents that must be retained by law.SecurityBig Red Cloud has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security to protect Personal Info from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Only authorized Big Red Cloud personnel are provided access to Personal Info, and these employees are required to treat this information as confidential. Despite these precautions, Big Red Cloud cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your Personal Info.Children’s on-line privacy protectionBig Red Cloud understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an on-line environment. The Site is not intentionally designed for or directed at children 13 years of age or younger, and Big Red Cloud will not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.ConsentBy using the Site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on the Site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to any such changes by updating this Privacy Policy.Contact our Privacy DepartmentIf you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at gdpr@bigredcloud.com.