
IMPORTANT: Privacy and Security Notice
Thank you for visiting the Diversion Control Program Website and reviewing our privacy and security notice. We remind you that if you link to a site outside of the Diversion Control Program, you are subject to the policies of the new site.
Privacy
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website:
A. Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you visit our site to read or download information, we collect and store the following information about your visit:

The name of the Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you are connecting from a university's domain) and the IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our site:
        

The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site; and
The pages you visit and the information you request.


This information is primarily collected for statistical analysis and technical improvements to the site. This government computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which may be used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. In certain circumstances, however, we may take additional steps to identify you based on this information and we may share this information, including your identity, with other government agencies.
B. If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information, such as by sending an email or by filling out a form and submitting it through our website, we will use that information to respond to your message or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication. Remember that email is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is sensitive or includes personal information you may prefer to send it by postal mail instead.
We may share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency. In other limited circumstances, such as responses to requests from Congress and private individuals, we may be required by law to disclose information you submit. Before you submit personal information, such as on an online form, you may be given more specific guidance as to how your personal information may be used.
Electronically submitted information is maintained and destroyed according to the principles of the Federal Records Act and the regulations and records schedules of the National Archives and Records Administration, and in some cases may be covered by the Privacy Act and subject to the Freedom of Information Act.
C. Cookies
"Cookies" are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session ("session cookies"), or saved on a user's hard drive in order to identify that user, or information about that user, the next time the user logs on to a website ("persistent cookies"). The Department's website and its component sites do not use persistent cookies. One or more of the Department's component sites may use session cookies to provide streamlined navigation throughout their sites. These session cookies are deleted from the component's server soon after your session ends and are not collected or saved.
Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this Government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
D. Privacy Act Information and Notice
This site operates as a portal to receive applications for registration under Sections 302 and 303 of the Controlled Substances Act of 1970 (Pub. L. 91-513), 21 U.S.C. §§ 822, 823. Information pertaining to Controlled Substances Act registrations is contained in a Privacy Act of systems records. The following Privacy Act Systems Notice applies:
Privacy Act Information

AUTHORITY: Section 302 and 303 of the Controlled Substances Act of 1970 (PL 91-513) and Debt Collection Improvements Act of 1996 (PL 104-134) (for taxpayer identifying number and/or social security number).
PURPOSE: To obtain information required to register applicants pursuant to the Controlled Substances Act of 1970.
ROUTINE USES: The Controlled Substances Act Registration Records produces special reports as required for statistical analytical purposes. Disclosures of information from this system are made to the following categories of users for the purposes stated:
A. Other federal law enforcement and regulatory agencies for law enforcement and regulatory purposes.
B. State and local law enforcement and regulatory agencies for law enforcement and regulatory purposes.
C. Persons registered under the Controlled Substances Act (PL 91-513) for the purpose of verifying the registration of customers.
EFFECT: Disclosure of the information sought is voluntary: however, failure to provide such information will preclude processing of the application and may result in the inability to complete registration.

If you use this site to provide information to complete a registration application, you will also be asked to provide credit card information. The purpose for obtaining this information is to charge your account for the appropriate registration fees. This is a secure website, and the privacy and security of your credit card information will be maintained. Your credit card information will not be maintained by the government, but will be transmitted in encrypted form to the appropriate financial institutions to obtain authorization to charge your account. You may view the privacy statement of the financial institutions. Your application may be rejected if authorization to charge your account is not obtained.
Do not fill out an application online unless you also provide credit card information. If you prefer not to provide credit card information online, your alternative is to submit a paper registration application. You may download and print the application and submit it to the following address:

Drug Enforcement Administration
        Registration Section/ODR
        P.O. Box 2639
        Springfield, VA 22152-2639


