
How Do We Disclose Your Information?
Your information may be disclosed as follows:

Affiliates:To other Wyndham businesses (our "Affiliates") which may  jointly use the personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy  Notice. A list of our primary Affiliates can be found in Wyndham's current  Form 10-K.
Resorts or Business Partners:We may share personal information with the owners and operators of RCI  affiliated resorts in order to provide you with services, facilitate a booking  you requested, generate leads in connection with their offers to sell  timeshares to you, to facilitate their understanding of their owners’ exchange  history and utilization, or to respond to your inquiry for further information  about mini-vacations at resorts where a resort tour is either required or  requested of you by the owner or operator of the resort. We may disclose your  information to business partners, sponsors or other third parties in connection  with administering promotions, sweepstakes or similar activities. You may be  offered an opportunity to request additional information, materials or offers  from the sponsor or other third party; should you make such a request, we will  provide your personal information to the third party so that they can fulfill  your request.
Vendors and Service Providers: We may disclose your information to vendors and service providers we retain in connection with our business such as: travel services companies, financial services companies, property owners' associations, vacation insurance companies, website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, credit card processing, tax and financial advisers, legal advisers, accountants or auditing services.
Message Boards: We may make reviews, message boards, blogs, and other such user-generated content facilities available to users. Any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information. We are not responsible for privacy practices of other users including website operators to whom you provide information.
Merger or Acquisition: A third party who acquires any part of Wyndham Worldwide Corporation itself or any of its Affiliates, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets.
Disclosure Permitted by Law: We may disclose your personal information to law enforcement authorities, government or public agencies or officials, regulators, and/or to any other person or entity having appropriate legal authority or justification for receipt of your information, if we believe that we are required or permitted to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect our rights, interests, privacy, property or safety, and/or that of our Wyndham or RCI affiliated resorts, you or others.
Anonymized/Aggregated Information: Because aggregated or anonymized information does not personally identify you, we may use it for any purpose. If we combine anonymized or aggregated data with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information according to this Privacy Notice.

How Do We Safeguard Your Information?
Security of Your Information: We will take reasonable steps to protect the information you provide us from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction. Unfortunately, no security system is 100% secure, thus we cannot ensure the security of information you provide to us via the Services.
Other Important Information

Information Provided on Someone Else's Behalf: If you provide us with information about someone else, please ensure you have the person's permission to do so for the purposes detailed in this Privacy Notice.
Links to Websites: The Services may have links to other websites not operated by us; we have no control over how these websites may collect your information and no responsibility or liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented on these websites. You should read the privacy notices on those other websites before you submit your information through them.
Social Media Sites: Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including data security) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice: From time to time we may revise this Notice and/or use personal information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed herein to meet changes in the regulatory or business environment, or to satisfy the needs of our customers and service providers. Updated and date stamped versions will be posted on the Services.
Minors: We do not knowingly collect, maintain or use personal information from children under 18 years of age, and no part of Services is directed to individuals under the age of 18.
International Transfers: We are an international company and we may, subject to applicable law, transfer your information to our Affiliates or selected third parties where information protection standards may differ. For example, your information may be stored on servers located in other jurisdictions. We will take steps to help protect your information when it is transferred. 
Retention Period. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

Choices and Contact Us With Your Questions
Notice to California Residents
If you are a resident of California, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. With respect to these entities, this Notice applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please contact us at feedback@rci.com.

Effective Date: April 1, 2015
Last Updated Date: July 18, 2016


