
Birmingham City University Privacy Policy Statement (the "Privacy Policy")
Birmingham City University (hereafter referred to as "the University") is committed to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our family of sites or communicating electronically with us. This University Privacy Policy applies to all University websites and provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.
Information collected by the University
For each visitor to the University website, our web server automatically logs the visitor's activity. These log files include the details of the visitor's IP address, browser type, page last visited and other such information. Log files are used to analyse usage of the University website, and may be kept in an aggregated and anonymised form for historical records. We use the analysis to improve the content of our website. The University does not share this information with any other organisation for commercial purposes.
At some sites, the University collects personal information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number and information volunteered by the user, such as survey information, filling of website forms and site registrations. The University may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you. Information collected at the University's website may be shared within the University as a whole including the University's family of websites. Personal and demographic data may be stored and processed outside your country (if outside the United Kingdom) and by using the University's website, you consent to any such transfers being made outside your country.
Use of information collected by the University
Any information supplied by you will be used by the University for the purpose related to your enquiry and to operate the University websites and deliver the services that you have requested. The information will not be made available to any parties outside the University unless you have consented to this or if required to do so by law.
Disclosing your information
The University does not share the information collected through the website with any third parties, except research agencies or service providers, to assist with or carry out research and provide statistical information, by means of, for example, conducting telephone surveys or delivering email, direct mail or text messages on the University's behalf. The University ensures such agencies handle information in accordance with the Data Protection Act.
The University will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of the University and its group of websites and to protect the personal safety of users of the University, its websites, or the public.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that organisation to recognise the user when you next visit.
The University's websites may use cookies to help you personalise your online experience. One of the purposes of a cookie is to provide a convenience feature to save you time and to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to experience fully the features of the University websites you visit.
Further information about cookies may be found at the external website: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Data protection
The University ensures that all personal data is held in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Should you have any query regarding Data Protection Act issues, please contact the Information Management Team (informationmanagement@bcu.ac.uk, +44 (0)121 331 5288).
Consent
By using the University websites, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. The University will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The University reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy. Any changes made to the Privacy Policy are posted on this page.
The University encourages you to review periodically this Privacy Policy to be informed of how the University manages the information collected when visiting our family of sites or communicating electronically with us.
Contact information
The University welcomes any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please contact the University by email at the following address webmaster@bcu.ac.uk.

