
TheWindowsClub is conceptualized, created & owned by Anand Khanse, a Microsoft MVP Awardee (2006-2016), a Windows Insider MVP and an end-user Windows enthusiast. If you wish to contact me, you can do so at happyandyk at hotmail dot com.
The site is primarily targeted at the Windows 10, Windows 8, Windows 7 & Windows Vista user and will address and cover issues in relation to Microsoft and Windows operating system. All the information & tips offered on this website is provided on ‘as-is’ basis, without any warranties. The author/s will not be liable for any special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages due to loss of data or any other reason. The views expressed by the authors are their own and may not necessarily reflect the views of TheWindowsClub.
Before you try any suggestions which are being offered for free, by this website, it is recommended that you back up all your data as well as your Registry and create a system restore point first. All use is completely at your own risk. 
This site was launched on 20th April 2009, two years after the launch of WinVistaClub. The Windows Club is a Microsoft Featured Community. Our work has been featured on Fox8 Live News, Washington Post, PC World, Lifehacker and other online & offline publications. We are also a part of the Google News network.
You may also want to check out our Windows Club Help Forum. We primarily discuss everything Windows, and we’d love to have you register and participate in it.
Microsoft, Windows, Windows logo, Internet Explorer, Internet Explorer logo are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.
All product names, logos, copyrights, and trademarks mentioned are acknowledged as the registered intellectual property of their respective owners.
This site is not in any way affiliated with, nor has it been authorized, sponsored, or otherwise approved by, Microsoft Corporation.
Wherever required and possible, I have quoted the sources. Microsoft, its Websites, the Knowledge gleaned from its Forums, and its Knowledge Bases have been an important influence and an inspiration, which has gone in making this website. What I have learned, I wish to share; For I believe, Knowledge Grows Only When It Is Shared! But nevertheless, if you believe that any copyright infringement exists on this Website, rest assured it has been caused inadvertently. Please send us an email along with the details. It would be dealt with, utmost attention and the matter addressed to promptly.
Again, it is always best to create a System Restore Point before trying anything new. While I may not have mentioned it, where required, you may have to ‘Log In As Administrator‘ or ‘Run As Administrator‘, to carry out or execute particular tasks.
Terms Of Use for this website
To help finance the costs of this website which offers free content to all, the advertisements on this websites shall be allowed to load. Therefore, the use of Adblockers or Adblocking software is not allowed when visiting this website.




Privacy Policy.
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps &  referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
The Windows Club, like all websites, may use routine cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences in order to better serve the visitor with customized content. You can however change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns.
The Windows Club uses third-party advertising solutions like Google AdSense, etc., to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information, not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number, about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Prospective Advertisers are welcome to contact us. Terms can be discussed. For more click Advt Policy.
Articles on The Windows Club, may be carried on, to other web sites, forums, or blogs provided that, you include a clear link back to the original article URL link. eg : Source – The Windows Club.
Have A Nice Day ! 


