When we provide our services, which include Internet access, local and long distance telephone, Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), television, additional voice, broadband and data services such as call routing and cloud computing, and alarm monitoring for your home or business, we necessarily obtain certain information about you. This information may include your name, address, email address, telephone, mobile and device numbers, date of birth, social security number, driver's license number, credit information, payment information, and contact information. We may also gather information about how you use our services. And some services, like alarm monitoring, require us to obtain additional information about your home or business, and how you would like to use the service.
We also gather some information from visitors to our websites and those who click on our Internet ads, such as the visitor's operating system, location, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and what sites were visited immediately before or after our site. For additional information applicable to visitors to a CenturyLink website, click here.
Recording, reviewing or monitoring of your interactions with CenturyLink. For quality assurance, training and online session analysis we sometimes review your interactions with us. This may include email correspondence, recorded conversations with our agents and recorded online sessions. We also save the text of "click to chat" sessions with our online sales and service consultants and may save screen shots when customers give our repair personnel remote access to their computers for technical support.
By using CenturyLink’s App, you agree to CenturyLink’s use of third-party analytics and monitoring software to record system and user actions within our App. We use this data to detect and resolve issues and to ensure that the App is functioning as designed within the user experience. Aggregated, anonymous statistical information and data that is not identifiable to any person or entity could be used by the third party for auditing, research and analysis purposes to operate and improve the system subject to contractual limits.
Network management. We use information generated on our networks to manage those networks, to plan for future development, and to keep our services running reliably and efficiently. For example, we monitor data to check for viruses, to control spam, to prevent attacks that might disable our services, to ensure that your traffic does not violate your subscriber agreement or our acceptable use policies, and to guard against other inappropriate or illegal activity. This may involve looking at the characteristics of our network traffic, such as traffic volumes, beginning and ending points of transmissions, and the types of applications being used to send traffic across our network. In limited circumstances, we need to look into the content of the data (such as the specific websites being visited, files being transmitted, or application being used) for the purposes described above, in circumstances when we are concerned about fraud or harassment, to repair a problem we detect or that a customer contacts us about, or when we are providing the content of broadband traffic to law enforcement which we only do as authorized by law.
You can get more detail about our information gathering practices by clicking here.

