Yes, but we do so responsibly. CenturyLink is made up of a number of companies and we share information among them as permitted by applicable law. We also use other companies to help us market, sell and bill for our services, and we necessarily share information with them and we require these companies to keep your information confidential and secure. We share information with companies that give us credit evaluations (and let them use the information we give them to provide credit evaluation services for others), collect our unpaid bills, or provide other services to us such as advice on products or services our customers may be interested in. We may also allow companies to match information provided to them by their potential customers with name and address information in our databases to confirm the identity of their potential customers, and the length of time they have had service with us. Our contracts with those companies require them to keep the information safe and confidential.
We may share information with other companies if, for example, we anticipate merging, selling or transferring a portion of our business with or to them, or acquiring all or a portion of their business. Usually this information is about the characteristics of our business and groups of customers, but it could include information about specific customers.
Additionally, we give customer information to other carriers and service providers when they need the information to provide their services, bill for them or verify accounts, when they have our customer's consent, or when they have a legal right to the information. And we will also share information with another provider if we suspect fraud, harassment, a threat to their networks, or some other unlawful activity. We may also provide information to government agencies (other than law enforcement) to help with communications assistance programs, or to gain benefits for our company like lower mailing fees and to help ensure that our customers get their bills and other information from us more economically and reliably. And we share information with law enforcement when the law allows us to do so, such as in emergencies or to protect our rights and property, including our network and the networks of others. We also respond to lawful requests for information from both law enforcement and private parties. The law requires us to share names and phone numbers with emergency service providers, whether that information is publicly available in directories or not.
We also must share similar information with directory publishers (who publish white pages, yellow pages and other similar directories) and directory assistance providers (who provide telephone numbers or addresses to those asking for that information). In some cases we limit how this information is used. And in all cases these companies must honor restrictions you have asked for, such as that your information not be published or used for marketing.
If you have elected to have your name, address and telephone number published in white pages directories (which means that it will be public information), that information may be used by others for their own marketing or to create marketing lists. To choose not to be included on lists that may be used by others for marketing, click here.
You can get more detail about our sharing of customer information by clicking here
