
LAST UPDATED 11-January, 2018 
PTC Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates ("We" or “PTC”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains the basis on which we process any personal data we collect from or about you, or that you or any third party provide to us, not only from the use of our websites, such as  www.ptc.com and www.kepware.com (or any site that is linked to this Policy), but also in connection with managing our workforce, conducting our business, through our software products, apps and services, and from any other means.  Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding how we process personal data and how we will treat it. 
"Personal data" means any information or set of information that relates to an identifiable individual, either directly or indirectly.  Personal data does not include information that is encoded or anonymized.  
Information we may Collect from or About You  
Personal Data
We may collect and process the following data about you:

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our internal or external sites, including www.ptc.com (our sites), and information you provide on independent partner sites   that is transferred to us. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our sites, subscribing to our services (for example PTCUniversity or IOTU.com or support services), posting material or requesting further services.  We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our sites, our software and services or reporting suspected piracy.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out and of the fulfilment of your orders, including the downloading of software.
Details of your visits to our sites including, but not limited to, traffic data, data regarding the site pages you visit, weblogs, and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise, and the resources that you access.
Information that you supply to us in the course of general marketing and other business activities.
Information that you supply to us when you visit our facilities or while attending an event at which PTC is a participant or which is sponsored (in whole or in part) by PTC such as LiveWorx.
Information that you provide or disclose on notice boards, newsgroups, community feedback sites, email systems, forum facilities, chat rooms, or similar features that we may establish on our sites. 
Information collected by PTC’s software Quality Agent and diagnostic tools functionality described below and other tools embedded within our software products.
Information that you supply to us or that we obtain/create in the course of your application for employment or engagement (for example, salary, performance evaluations, benefits data, background checks). See below for more detail.

IP addresses and other Technical Information
When you visit any of our sites, we may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, domain name, operating system and browser type, certain hardware or device information and other technical information. This is information about browsing actions and patterns and the use of certain software products and apps, and does not identify any individual except where user settings are configured by the user to provide personal data or where we have expressly you in the course of registering for or accessing a service that personal data will be collected.
Website Cookies & Beacons
Our sites use cookies (a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites) to distinguish you from other users, to track your browsing pattern and to build a profile of how you and other users use our sites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse any of our sites and also allows us to improve our sites. If you have an online account with us, PTC also uses cookies to recognize you to pre-fill forms to save you time.  PTC does not mandate Cookies for you to access our sites, including at PTC.com and you may freely set your browser to reject all Cookies or prompt you to accept or reject them.  Some of the cookies we use are session cookies and only last until you close your browser, others are persistent cookies which are stored on your computer for longer.  We may collect information through web beacons about your web browsing activities such as the address of the page you are visiting, the address of the referrer page you had previously visited, the time you are viewing the page, your browsing environment and your display settings.  We do this in order to optimize your browsing experience, the use of web-based services and provide you with relevant information on PTC products and services when you have opted-in to receiving such correspondence.
PTC Software Quality Agent 
In order to understand the preferences of our software users, PTC utilizes data monitoring technologies in its software products installed at a user’s site, referred to as our Quality Agent functionality, to obtain and transmit data on system use and performance and for gathering user data and use metrics on users of our software.  The data collected is listed on the Legal Policies, Agreements & Disclaimers section on www.ptc.com.  We will share this data within PTC, and our authorized resellers and partners, including within the United States and elsewhere for technical and marketing purposes and will endeavor to ensure that any such data transferred is appropriately protected.  Our commercial and Academic (University) licenses permit users to opt‐out of this data collection.  Our student versions only collect data on system use and performance, and not personal user data. Our Free and trial versions of software are only available to those that consent to the collection and processing of personal data in accordance with this policy., including user data. 
If you are using PTC software, visiting a PTC site or communicating electronically with us from a country other than the United States, various communications will necessarily result in a transfer of this information across international boundaries. 
IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND/OR TRANSMISSION (INCLUDING TO THE UNITED STATES) OF YOUR DATA AS DESCRIBED ABOVE, (i) do not download or use free or trial software from PTC and/or (ii) be sure to opt-out of the collection of certain personal data as you are able to with PTC commercial software.
Where we Store and Access your Personal Data
PTC is a global company and as such personal data may be accessed anywhere in the world. If you are visiting any of our sites or communicating electronically with us, various communications will necessarily result in a transfer of information across international boundaries.  Accordingly, by visiting any of our sites and/or communicating electronically with us (including the use of the Quality Agent and including in the process of our providing information, software or services to you), you acknowledge that your personal data may be processed in a country other than the one in which you reside. The transfer of personal data from EEA is governed by the EU Standard Model Clauses between PTC’s EU subsidiaries and PTC Inc. 
How we Use Information About You
We use personal data held about you in the following ways:

To ensure that content from our sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. 
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
In order to better service you with respect to PTC products and services that are available from time to time.  
To notify you about changes to our service, updates to our sites, new PTC product offerings or special events hosted or sponsored by PTC or its business partners.
In order to enforce or apply our terms of use of any one of our sites, our software licenses, hosted services, and other agreements. 
To protect the rights, property, or safety of PTC, our customers, or others.
If you are an applicant for a job or for engagement by PTC, we use personal data about you to determine your suitability for employment, job assignments and responsibilities.
If you are an employee we use personal data about you for various employment-related purposes, primarily relating to establishing and managing our employment relationship with you, such as:

We may provide information to you in the form of e-mails, mailings, website displays or other correspondence methods.
We are interested in your views, and we value feedback from our customers and visitors, and we may therefore set up notice boards, newsgroups, community feedback sites, email systems, forum facilities and/or chat rooms on our sites. Any information that you disclose via such facilities will be used in accordance with the terms of use for the particular forum and in the absence of such terms of use, this privacy Policy. However, we can of course not control and be responsible for other parties' use of the personal data which you make available to them through such facilities and otherwise on our sites. We encourage you to be careful about what personal data you disclose in this way.
PTC will offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-out) whether they receive communications from PTC or its authorized resellers concerning PTC products and services (as described further below).  For sensitive personal data regarding employees (i.e., personal data that reveals race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, or that concerns health or sex life), we will give individuals the opportunity to affirmatively and explicitly consent (opt-in) to the disclosure of their information to a non-agent third party or use of the information for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. 
We will only use and share personal data in ways that are relevant for the purposes for which the information was collected or subsequently authorized by you. 
Transfer and Disclosure of information About You
To Other Third Parties.  We may transfer or disclose personal data to other third parties who agree to process such personal data in accordance with our instructions and provide appropriate technical and organizational security measures. Such third parties may include:

Our authorized resellers and business partners for the limited purposes of offering and servicing our products..
To trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, solely on our behalf. 
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If any PTC entity, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use of ptc.com and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of PTC, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Government agencies or other third parties as authorized by applicable law: (i) to comply with legal, regulatory, or reporting requirements (such as reporting to tax authorities and employment regulators), (ii) in the event we are required to respond to a court order, subpoena, discovery request, or other legal process, or if, in our good faith opinion, such disclosure is required by law, (iii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an audit or investigation, (iv) to verify or enforce compliance with applicable employee policies, laws, rules, or regulations, (v) in connection with corporate restructurings or potential acquisitions, mergers, or sales, or (vi) whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit the legal liability, or to protect or enforce the rights, interests, or safety, of you, the Company, our subsidiaries and affiliates, other employees, or third parties.

It is PTC's policy to never sell your information to list brokers or similar entities for commercial gain.
You can Opt-Out of E-Mail Correspondence and Access and Correct the Information we Collect.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data (“opt-out”).  We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) how we intend to use your data or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for the purpose for which it was collected.  You can exercise your opt-out right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data as well as a later time as described below.  Similarly, our Quality Agent functionality in certain of our software products may be configured to opt-out of data collection (this may not be available in free versions of our software so to opt-out you simply do not download and use that free software).  
Upon request, we will provide you with reasonable access to personal data about you in our possession, and will take reasonable steps to permit you to correct, amend, or delete personal data that you demonstrate to be inaccurate or incomplete.  If you have a PTC.com online account, you may access the data that PTC.com has recorded and update or correct the information at any time.  You may also opt-out of future correspondence by updating your preferences.  To do this go to www.ptc.com and under Customer Resources visit ptc.com accounts.  If you don’t have an account or are unable to locate your account information, you can create one or you may request a copy of the personal data we have stored and/or exercise your opt-out right by contacting dataprivacy@ptc.com.  When updating personal data about you, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.   
You may also opt-out of future correspondence by updating your preferences using the link on the footer of e-mail correspondence.  
We may reject requests that are fraudulent, unreasonably repetitious, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for example, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes). 
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so at no cost to you, except where it would require a disproportionate effort.  We aim to protect information from accidental or malicious alteration or destruction.  Accordingly, after your information is deleted, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers or remove information from our backup systems. 
Data Integrity
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal data that we process is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.  You are responsible for the accuracy of all personal data you provide to us.  We will use reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy and integrity of the personal data we obtain, and to update it as appropriate.  We will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is reliable for its intended use. 
Security 
We have implemented, and will maintain current, reasonable physical, technical, and organizational security measures for the purpose of protecting the personal data in our possession from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.  
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.  
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we have security measures in place to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our sites; any transmission is at your own risk. 
Limitation on Scope of Privacy Principles
Adherence by PTC to this privacy policy may be limited to the extent required to meet a legal, governmental, national security, or public interest obligation.
Compliance and Enforcement
PTC Inc. will conduct periodic internal compliance audits of our relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this privacy policy.  We encourage individuals covered by this Policy to raise any concerns they have about the way we process their personal data by contacting us at the address below.  
PTC Inc. commits to resolve questions and complaints about your privacy and its collection or processing of your personal data.  Individuals who believe that PTC or any of its affiliates is not complying with the terms of this Policy, should first contact PTC Global Data Privacy Officer 140 Kendrick Street, Needham Massachusetts 02494, or by email at dataprivacy@ptc.com.  We will investigate and will do our best to internally resolve any complaints and disputes regarding the use and disclosure of personal data brought to our attention.
Illegal Use of PTC Software
PTC regards software piracy as the crime it is, and we view offenders accordingly.  We do not tolerate the piracy of PTC software products, and we pursue those who do so using all legal means available, including public and private surveillance resources.  As part of these efforts, PTC utilizes data monitoring and scouring technologies to obtain and transmit (including to the United States) data on users of illegal copies of our software.  If you are using an illegal copy of our software, cease using the illegal version and contact PTC to obtain a legally licensed copy. By using an unlicensed copy of PTC software, you should be aware that PTC will collect, use, and transfer of personal data (including to the United States) for the purposes of identifying users of illegal copies of our software. This personal data may include computer identification, IP address, MAC address and geolocation.
We do not Knowingly Collect Information from Children who are Under 13 
Our sites are not directed to children younger than age thirteen (13).  We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen (13) on any of our sites and we will delete any such information later determined to be from a person younger than age thirteen (13).  In the event a parent believes that his/her child has provided information to PTC and wishes that data to be removed or corrected, please contact PTC as described below.
Other Sites
Our sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our authorized resellers, business partners, industry forums, analysts and to other sites that are relevant to our products and services.  Additionally, for some of the functions within our websites we link to/use third party suppliers for example, when you visit a page with videos embedded from or links to YouTube or slide-share.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. 
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Policy may be amended from time to time.  Any changes we may make to our privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.  When amendments are made, we will revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of this Policy.
How to Contact Us


Questions, comments, complaints and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to us by mail or e-mail as follows:
The Global Data Privacy Officer
PTC Inc.
140 Kendrick Street
Needham Massachusetts 02494
Attn: Compliance Department – Privacy
or
dataprivacy@ptc.com

