Air Zimbabwe Customer Data Privacy Policy
1.  Applicability
The Air Zimbabwe Customer Data Privacy Policy applies to the personal data that Air Zimbabwe collects and uses regarding all customers travelling on Air Zimbabwe services, with Air Zimbabwe.
2.  General - Personal data we collect
The term “personal data” in the context of our Privacy Policy means information that relates to our customers and allows us to identify them, either directly or in combination with other information that we may hold. As a customer, your personal data may include for example your name, your postal address and contact details, or information relating to your flight booking or travel itinerary.
We collect some personal data from our guests, for example when you book a flight with us, use our website, use our services or contact us. We may also receive your personal data from our suppliers who provide services to you on our behalf (for example when you provide feedback on our services), our partners when you purchase their travel related products or third parties who act on your behalf, for example travel agents or other parties who book a flight for you.
If you book a flight on behalf of someone else, you must have their consent to use their personal information.
3.  Types of data Air Zimbabwe collects
We may collect and process the following categories of information about you:
Your name, surname, contact details (email address, postal address, telephone number)
Flight booking information
Medical information that you provide for consideration during your flight
Other passengers in your booking, which will include providing data on the ages of any children travelling with you
Transaction details
Advance Passenger Information. This information includes your full name, your nationality, your date of birth, your gender (where required) - the number and type of your travel document (e.g. passport or ID), its expiry date and country of issue
Information related to your flights and our services in connection with your flights
Communications you exchange with us (for example, your emails, letters, calls)
Your comments and feedback
Your posts and messages on social media directed to Air Zimbabwe   Information about how you use our website
4.  Data Collection Methods and Points
Air Zimbabwe may collect your data through any of the following methods or at any of the points listed below:
During the booking process
During registration for the frequent flyer programme and any other promotional packages and programmes that may be offered from time to time.
While processing the feedback you may provide through email, phone call, surveys, website feedback form, or in person
Browser cookies when you visit our website. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
The payments portal
During check in
5.  How and why Air Zimbabwe uses your personal data
At Air Zimbabwe we use guests’ personal data for the following purposes:
Service Provision
To process your reservations and bookings
Communications
To contact you when the need arises, for example sending your itinerary or seeking clarity on an aspect of your booking.
To maintain an open line of communication with you, our customer
Marketing and Promotions
To inform you about offers or promotions
Market Research
To carry out statistical research on trends and effectiveness of our outreach and marketing efforts
To improve our online service
Cookies may track how you use our website, how much time you spend on it, which pages you visit most and which products you search for. From this, we can tailor our website and our products to suite you
To inform you about available offers
Data we collect may indicate your need for car rental, hotels or other services. We will send you information on such services
To comply with our legal obligations
As an airline we are obliged, where required for legal reasons to provide your information to airport authorities, National Aviation Authorities or immigration control agencies.
 6. Sensitive personal data
Data protection laws recognize that certain types of personal information are more sensitive. This is known as 'sensitive' or 'special category' personal information.
This type information will only be collected when you have given your explicit consent, or it is where necessary to do so, so that we are able to comply with regulatory and legal requirements.
By providing any sensitive personal data you explicitly agree that we may collect and use it to provide our services and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you do not allow us to process any sensitive personal data, this may mean we are unable to provide all or parts of the services you have requested from us. In such circumstances you will not be entitled to cancel or obtain a refund of any services or products you have paid.
7.   Requesting access to your personal data
You have a right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you. This could include booking information relating to flights you have taken with us.
If you have questions in relation to your personal data, please contact us at: enquiries@airzimbabwe.aero
8.   Sharing your personal data
Your personal data may be shared with other companies within our Group.
We may also share some of your personal data with, or obtain your personal data from, the following categories of third parties:
Airports, government authorities, law enforcement bodies and regulators when this is necessary to get you to your destination or is required by law.
Travel agents or other companies through which you book your Air Zimbabwe flights.
Suppliers providing services to us in order to help us run our business and improve our services and your customer experience. For example, ground handling and services for us to the airports to which we operate. We may also disclose your information to our contact centre or the companies who help us get your feedback on our services.
Payment processing companies; Air Zimbabwe shares some of your personal data, which includes information about your method of payment and flight booking.
Our partners who offer travel related products and services on our website, promote offers or co-organise competitions on our website. From time to time, we make certain third party offers available through our website. If you choose to purchase products or services offered on our websites by third parties accept offers, or participate in a competition, some of your personal data, such as your contact details and your billing information, may be directly collected by or disclosed to that third party.  
Authorities, including the National Aviation Authority and Airport Authorities.
In addition to the parties listed above, we may disclose your personal data when this is required by the law of any jurisdiction to which Air Zimbabwe may be subject.
Through our website we provide links to third party websites which are subject to separate Privacy Polices. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites and Air Zimbabwe is not responsible for your information that third parties may collect through these websites.
9.   Storage of personal information
Your Personal Information is stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. When your Personal Information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your Personal Information. However, most of the Personal Information is or will be stored in client files which will be kept by us for a minimum of 2 years.
10.   Maintaining the Quality of your Personal Information
It is important to us that your Personal Information is up to date. We will take reasonable steps to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you find that the information we have is not up to date or is inaccurate, please advise us as soon as practicable so we can update our records and ensure we can continue to provide quality services to you.
 11.   Right to access and contact information
You have a right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you. This could include booking information relating to services you have purchased from us.
You also have the right to ask us to erase your personal information, ask us to restrict our processing of your personal information or to object to our processing of your personal information.
If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us providing copies of two separate identification documents which provide photo identification and confirm your address, to verify your identity. You can send the request and accompanying ID documentation to enquiries@airzimbabwe.aero
We will respond within 1 month on receipt of your request and copies of your identification documents. We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee if manifestly unfounded or excessive for the administrative costs of complying with the request.
We will also charge a reasonable fee if an individual requests further copies of their data following a request.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to enquiries@airzimbabwe.aero
12.   Updates to our privacy policy
 
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website
13.   Liability disclaimer
The airline makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information disseminated or collected, products, services or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such material is therefore strictly at your own risk. Certain links in this website will lead to websites which are not under the control of Air Zimbabwe. When you activate these you will leave the Air Zimbabwe website. The airline has no control over and accepts no liability in respect of materials, products or services available on any website which is not under its control.
To the extent not prohibited by law, in no circumstances shall the airline be liable to you or any other third parties for any loss or damage (including, without limitation, damage for loss of business or loss of profits) arising directly or indirectly from your use of or inability to use, this site or any of the material contained in it.
Whilst precautions are taken to detect computer viruses and ensure security, the airline cannot guarantee that the website is virus-free and secure.  Air Zimbabwe shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may occur as a result of any virus or breach of security which is beyond its control.
Whilst making every attempt to secure personal data, Air Zimbabwe cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond the control of the airline.
14.    Security of your personal data
We take appropriate administrative, technical and business measures to protect your personal data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.  
As a standard, all data sent through our website or payment gateways is encrypted
As described in our privacy policy, we may in some instances disclose your personal data to third parties. Where Air Zimbabwe discloses your personal data to a third party, we require that third party to have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect your personal data. In cases, however, where we are compelled by law to disclose your personal data to a third party, such as border or immigration control agencies, we have limited control over how it is protected by that party.
Access to your personal data is limited to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
The information that you provide to us will be held in our systems, which are located on our premises or those of an appointed third party. We may also allow access to your information by other third parties who act for us for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for other purposes approved by you.
We use safeguards to ensure that your personal information is secure. We limit access to information on a need-to-know basis and take appropriate measures to ensure that our people are aware that such information is only used in accordance with the Privacy Policy and this Security Policy.
We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessed by appropriately trained staff.
Our online forms are always encrypted and our network is protected and routinely monitored.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as we need it in order to fulfil our purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in order to comply with the law.
However, please be aware that there are always inherent risks in sending information by public networks or using public computers and we cannot 100% guarantee the security of data (including personal information) disclosed or transmitted over public networks.
