May 21st 2018
At jihadwatch.org (www.jihadwatch.org), the privacy of our visitors is extremely important. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected and how it is used.
This Privacy Policy is reviewed and revised from time to time. You will want to revisit it regularly. Your use of this site, in any and all forms, constitutes an acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
1. Log Files
We use log files like many other websites. The information in the log files include:
Internet Protocol addresses (IP)
Types of browser
Internet Service Provider (ISP)
Date and time stamp
Pages visited and the method used
Referring and exit pages
Number of clicks
All of this information is not linked to anything that is personally identifiable.
We will use this logged data to combat malicious abuse and to improve usability for our visitors, and for no other purpose.
2. Cookies
We use cookies to store information about visitor preferences and to record user-specific information on visits and pages the user views so as to provide a custom experience. In regard to third-party advertisers, we have no access or control over these cookies. You should review the respective privacy policies on any and all third-party ad servers for more information regarding their practices and how to opt-out.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your web browser options. Instructions for doing so and for other cookie-related management can be found on the specific web browsers’ websites.
3. Other
Users might be asked to subscribe to our newsletter by providing name and email address to receive communications from jihadwatch.org. We use a secure op-in subscription system and we reserve the right to contact subscribers with information related to this website and blog. Subscribers may unsubscribe anytime and every email delivered will contain an “Unsubscribe” link.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at marc@jihadwatch.org.
