a. General Policy
	Stanford should limit the collection, use, disclosure or storage of Information to that which reasonably serves the University's academic, research, or administrative functions, or other legally required purposes. Such collection, use, disclosure and storage should comply with applicable Federal and state laws and regulations, and University policies.
b. Legal and University Process
	Notwithstanding the General Policy contained in section 2.a, the University may disclose Information in the course of investigations and lawsuits, in response to subpoenas, for the proper functioning of the University, to protect the safety and well-being of individuals or the community, and as permitted by law.
c. Policies That Apply to Special Categories of Information
	Stanford has adopted policies governing certain categories of Information. These policies are listed in this section, 2.c. To the extent that there is a conflict between this Administrative Guide Memo 16.1 and any of these special policies, the special policy will control. For more information about Stanford's compliance with any of the laws and policies referenced below, please contact the University Privacy Officer at privacyofficer@stanford.edu or the individual listed in section 4.b as responsible for compliance.
(1) Prohibited Information, including Social Security Number ("SSN") and Drivers License Number ("DLN")
	Stanford should not use an individual's SSN or DLN as a personal identifier unless required by law or approved by Stanford's Vice President for Business Affairs and Chief Financial Officer or the Data Governance Board. Prohibited information, including SSNs and DLNs, may be stored electronically only in compliance with the Guidelines. If Prohibited Information must be stored on paper, the files must be stored securely with access provided only to authorized persons.
(2) Student Records
	Students have rights with respect to access to their education records under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 ("FERPA"). These rights are outlined in the Stanford Bulletin.
(3) Health Information
	Individuals have rights with respect to the privacy and security of their health information under Federal and state laws and regulations, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"). These rights are outlined in Guide Memo 1.6.2 and in the University health information privacy policies that can be found at the HIPAA website.
(4) Human Subjects Research Information
	In addition to the rights afforded by HIPAA and other laws related to health information, the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects ("Common Rule") outlines provisions specific to the privacy of research participants and the confidentiality of their information. The Stanford Research Compliance Office maintains the Human Research Protection Program ("HRPP") that includes the University policies related specifically to human subjects' research information.
(5) Financial Services Records
	The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA") requires that Stanford protect the privacy and security of information collected in the course of providing certain financial services, such as student financial aid or faculty staff housing loans. Stanford has adopted polices to protect this information. These policies are located on the Office of General Counsel's website.
(6) Information Collected in the Course of Electronic Commerce
	Some areas of the Stanford website operate commercial enterprises online. Stanford also delivers online service through its network. To comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003 when Stanford (or any of its partners) collects personally identifiable consumer information on one of the commercial areas of its website or as the operator of an online service, it will conspicuously post either a privacy policy or a link to a privacy policy on the portal page for the commercial activity. This policy will:
(a) Identify the categories of personally identifiable information collected through the commercial portions of its website or through its online service;
(b) Identify the categories of third-parties with whom Stanford may share that personally identifiable information;
(c) Provide a description of how an individual may request changes to their personally identifiable information collected through the Web site or online service and retained by Stanford, if any process exists;
(d) Describe the process by which Stanford will notify users of the commercial portion of Stanford's website or its online service of material changes to the Stanford's privacy policy for that portion of the website or online service (it is sufficient to say that the policy will be updated online); and
(e) Identify the effective date of the privacy policy and all updates.
d. Confidentiality Agreement
	Members of the Stanford community are subject to the Confidentiality and Privacy provisions set forth in Section 3 of the Code of Conduct contained in Administrative Guide Memo 1. As a reminder of Stanford's commitment to privacy, students, faculty, staff and other members of the workforce may be asked to sign a confidentiality statement based on the Code of Conduct and this privacy policy. Failure to sign such a statement in no way diminishes the obligation to uphold Stanford's policies.
e. Training
	Departments within Stanford University are responsible for ensuring that all members of their workforce (including, among others, faculty, staff, students, consultants and volunteers) receive appropriate training on Stanford's privacy and security policies to the extent necessary and appropriate for them to carry out their required job functions. Departments will maintain adequate records of workforce training, which will be provided upon request by the Office of the General Counsel, the University Privacy Officer, the Chief Information Security Officer, Internal Audit, Human Resources or other University official with a reasonable Stanford-related need for the information.
