 Privacy Policy Elmer's Products, Inc. Privacy Practices Welcome! Elmer's Products, Inc. ("Elmer's") recognizes the importance of customer privacy and the need to protect information that users of the Elmers.com Website ("Website") provide to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we handle information we learn about you from your visits to this Website. Please read our complete Privacy Policy. Elmer's will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please refer back to this page from time to time to view the current policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this web site.   Customer Data Collection, Use and Protection In general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are. Our Web servers, through Google Analytics, collect the domain names of visitors along with traffic data related to age, gender and interests. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, interests etc. Elmer's uses this information to measure the use of our Website and to improve the content of our Website and improve the correspondence between Elmer’s and its users. Visitors can opt out of this data collection by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, or you sign up to join one of our database communities, at which time you are asked to provide your name, e-mail address and mailing address. Such customer data assists Elmer's in serving the following purposes:  To help you quickly find services or information To help us create Website content most relevant to you To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, and other new products or services from Elmer's To allow you to participate in clubs and programs we offer and contests conducted through our Website  Elmer's uses your information only for these purposes, and Elmer's does not disclose your information to third parties in providing you with these services through our Website. If you are a child under the age of 13, and are not participating in our web clubs or other activities that are addressed under the Children's Privacy (Under the Age of 13) section of this policy, we specifically request that you not submit any personal information to us through this Website. However, please note that Elmer's will disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Elmer's on the Website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Elmer's, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Elmers.com or the public. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other companies or their assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that Elmer's or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.   Web Server Cookies and Log Files Elmer's also uses cookies to identify different types of Website users. A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent by our Web server, stored on your PC's hard drive, and used by your Web browser. Elmer's uses cookies to identify the type of customers using our Website. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, or you may disable cookies altogether. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use portions of the Elmer's Website. 
Elmer's supports Do Not Track. Like most standard Website servers, we use log files. This includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses etc. are tied to personally identifiable information to enable our Web based service.   Surveys At times, we conduct online surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will let you know how we will use the information we collect from you.   Links Our Website may contain links to other sites such as Elmer's distributors and sales affiliates. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. Any information you provide to one of these other websites will be governed by the privacy policy of that website, if any, and not by this Elmer's Privacy Policy.   Children's Privacy (Under the Age of 13)  Elmer's takes children's privacy seriously and wants parents to understand that we take additional precautions with respect to collecting information from children under the age of 13. We do not seek to collect personal Information about children through our Website without consent of a parent or legal guardian, except in limited circumstances. Elmer's may collect the first name and e-mail address of your child under the age of 13 without your consent if your child signs up to join a web club or other activity that may involve Elmer's contacting your child via e-mail from time to time. Elmer's will also ask the child for the e-mail address of his/her parent of guardian so that we may notify you that your child has joined the web club or other activity and to give you an opportunity to have your child opt-out and have their personal information removed. We are prohibited from conditioning and do not condition your child's participation in a web club or other activity on your child disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity. Our websites do not offer activities that allow your child or us to disclose your child's personal information publicly (for example, through chat rooms, message boards or e-mail accounts) or to any third party. We do not share your child's personal information with third parties. You can review your child's personally identifiable information, request to have all or certain information deleted or changed, or refuse to allow the further collection or use of your child's personal information by contacting us If your child is not signing up to join a web club or other activity and we become aware that a person submitting personal information to us through any part of our Website is a child under the age of 13, we delete the information as soon as we discover it and do not use it for any purpose, nor do we disclose it to third parties. Since we do not seek to collect any personal information about children, except in the limited circumstances described above, and we delete information collected inadvertently as soon as we discover that a child has submitted it, we typically retain no information
about children that could be reviewed or deleted. If a parent requests review or deletion of information about their child before we have discovered and deleted the information, we will of course honor that request. Please use the address, telephone number or e-mail address below to contact us.   Elmer's Creative Content Submission Terms and Conditions Periodically Elmer's may invite consumers to voluntarily submit creative content which can include,but not be limited to, project ideas, lesson plans, videos, photos, Elmer's product usage ideas or techniques ("Creative Content"). The submission of Creative Content and Elmer's use of Creative Content is subject to these Terms. The following describes the terms applicable to your ("You" or "Your") submission of any Creative Content to Elmer's ("Elmer's"). If You do not agree with these Terms, do not submit Creative Content to Elmer's.  You must be at least 18 years old to submit Creative Content to Elmer's. Elmer's does not collect, solicit, or invite submission of, and will not accept, Creative Content from anyone under 18 years of age. You understand that nothing You submit to Elmer's, including but not limited to Creative Content, will be considered confidential information and anything you submit to Elmer's may be displayed by Elmer's in marketing materials or for promotional purposes, including but not limited to print advertisements and any websites owned or controlled by Elmer's at its sole discretion. You represent and warrant that You are the lawful owner of all rights, including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, publicity, and any other intellectual property rights, in and to the Creative Content, that you have all necessary permissions to disclose the Creative Content to Elmer's and to authorize Elmer's to use the Creative Content as described in this Agreement. Elmer's, in its sole discretion, may choose to display or otherwise utilize any Creative Content You submit. Elmer's may terminate this Agreement at any time and without notice for any reason. You grant Elmer's, including its affiliates, successors, assigns, agents and licensees, express written permission to use the Creative Content, including, without limitation, text, images, photographs, videos, voice recordings or likenesses You submit to Elmer's for Elmer's own benefit. In granting such permission, You understand that any Creative Content, including but not limited to, text, voice recordings, video, pictures, graphics, or images provided to Elmer's in connection with Your submission may be available for public viewing and may be edited and used by Elmer's, including its affiliates, successors, assigns, agents and licensees, for marketing, advertising, or promotional purposes, or for any lawful purpose whatsoever and such content may be displayed in any manner and in any medium without additional consideration, and without Your review, approval or notification. You agree to release and hold harmless Elmer's, including its directors, officers, affiliates, successors, agents, assigns and licensees, from any and all liability for loss, harm, damage, injury, cost or expense whatsoever including without limitation, violations of any third party's intellectual property rights, which may occur in connection with Your submission of Creative Content to Elmer's even if such damages are foreseeable or if Elmer's has been advised of the possibility of such damages. You agree that You are not entitled to any payment in connection with Your submission of Creative Content or Your assent to this Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire understanding between You and Elmer's with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement supersedes all prior representations, understandings, or agreements, oral or written, between and among You and Elmer's with respect to the subject matter hereof. No promise or inducement that is not herein expressed has been made to You and You do not rely upon any statement or representation not contained in this Agreement. This Agreement shall not be modified except by a writing duly executed by all the Parties to be bound thereby. This Agreement shall be construed according to, and governed by, the substantive laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be void, voidable, or unenforceable, the remaining portions hereof shall remain in full force and effect.    Contact Elmer's Elmer's strives to protect customer privacy. Should you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at comments@elmers.com, or write to: Elmer's Products, Inc.
460 Polaris Parkway, Suite 500
Westerville, OH 43082
Attn: Consumer Response
Phone: 1-888.435.6377
E-mail: comments@elmers.com
