For all non-UK customers
By using our services or providing your personal data to us, you expressly consent to the processing of your personal data by us or on our behalf. Of course, you still have the right to ask us not to process your data in certain ways, and if you do so, we will respect your wishes.

Sometimes we’ll need to transfer your personal data between countries to enable us to supply the goods or services you’ve requested. In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer your personal data from your country of residence to ourselves and to third parties located in the UK.
By dealing with us, you are giving your consent to this overseas use, transfer and disclosure of your personal data outside your country of residence for our ordinary business purposes.
This may occur because our information technology storage facilities and servers are located outside your country of residence, and could include storage of your personal data on servers in the UK.
We’ll ensure that reasonable steps are taken to prevent third parties outside your country of residence using your personal data in any way that’s not set out in this Privacy Notice. We’ll also make sure we adequately protect the confidentiality and privacy of your personal data.
Australia

For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, ‘personal data’ means any information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether or not the information or opinion is true, and whether or not the information or opinion is recorded in a material form.
If you are in Australia you may submit any questions, comments or complaints to our UK-based Data Protection Officer who will come back to you within 30 days.
If you are contacting us to complain about an alleged breach of this Privacy Notice or our legal privacy obligations, please provide us with as much detail as possible in relation to your complaint.  
We will take every privacy complaint seriously and assess it with the aim of resolving all issues quickly and efficiently.  We’d be grateful for your cooperation with us during this process by providing us with any relevant information that we made need.
If we have not come back to you within 30 days, or you are not happy with the response that you’ve received, you may submit a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. (opens in a new window; please note we can't be responsible for the content of external websites.)
We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and will take all reasonable precautions to protect it from loss, misuse or unauthorised access or alteration. However, except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorised access to, disclosure of, misuse of or loss or corruption of your personal information.
Nothing in this Privacy Notice restricts, excludes or modifies or purports to restrict, exclude or modify any statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth).  
USA
To learn more about our cookies and website ‘track’ and ‘do not track’ practices please see our Cookies Notice.
Canada
As your data may be transferred to third parties outside Canada, local police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government bodies may have access to that data, with or without our knowledge.
The personal data we process may be accessed by people within the Partnership, or by our third-party service providers, who require access for the purposes indicated in this Privacy Notice, or as may be permitted or required by applicable law. The personal data we collect is largely held in the UK.  
If you have any questions, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada, (opens in a new window; please note we can't be responsible for the content of external websites) or in some Canadian provinces, your local Privacy Commissioner.
South Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, Qatar
Terms used in this Privacy Notice shall have the meanings assigned to them by the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (also known as the PDPA).  
By placing an order with us, opening an account, browsing our website and/or agreeing to receive digital direct marketing communications, you agree that we may process your personal data as described in this Privacy Notice and our Cookies Notice, including for analytics and research into website use.
Hong Kong

When you agree to receive direct marketing emails from us, we’ll send you promotions on products we sell at John Lewis.
If you are in Hong Kong you may submit a complaint to our UK-based Data Protection Officer who will come back to you within 30 days. If we have not come back to you or you are not happy with the response that you receive, you may submit a complaint to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data.

