For all non-UK customers
This Privacy Notice shall be provided in English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Malay and Chinese languages. Should there be any conflict in the meanings between the English and translated version, the English version shall prevail. copies of foreign language versions are available from our Customer Services team.
By placing an order with the Partnership, browsing our website, including for
analytics and website usage research, and/or agreeing to receive direct
marketing electronic communications as described in this Privacy Notice and our
Cookies Notice, you expressly consent to the processing of your personal data
by us or on behalf of us. Of course, you still have the right to ask us not to
process your data in these ways, and if you do so, we will respect your wishes.
Sometimes we will need to transfer your personal data between countries to enable us to supply the goods or services you have requested. In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer your personal data to third parties located in the UK to your country of residence. You hereby expressly consent to such overseas use, transferring and disclosure of your personal data outside of your country of residence for such purposes.
We shall endeavour to ensure that reasonable steps are taken to procure that all such third parties outside of your country of residence shall not use your personal data other than for that part of the purposes as set out in this Privacy Notice and to adequately protect the confidentiality and privacy of your personal data.
We will ensure that any third parties only process your personal data in accordance with their legitimate interests. These third parties may be subject to laws that differ from the laws which apply in the country where you reside. 
We do not actively take steps to ensure that any overseas recipient of
your personal data complies with the laws which apply in your country. 
 If you have any questions, please contact our Data Protection Officer, and we will respond within your local timeframe response requirements. To complain about an alleged breach of this Privacy Notice or our privacy obligations at law, please provide us with as much detail as possible in relation to your complaint.  We will take any privacy complaint seriously and any complaint will be assessed with the aim of resolving any issue in a timely and efficient manner.
 Australia
For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, “personal data” means any information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether or not the information or opinion is true, or opinion is recorded in a material form.
We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and will use all reasonable precautions to protect it from loss, misuse or unauthorised access or alteration.  However, except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorised access to, disclosure of, misuse of or loss or corruption of your personal information.  Nothing in this Privacy Notice restricts, excludes or modifies or purports to restrict, exclude or modify any statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth).  
If you are in Australia, you may submit a complaint to our Data Protection Officer
who will come back to you within 30 days. If we have not come back to you or
you are not happy with the response that you receive you may submit a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.

USA
To learn more about our cookies and website ‘track’ and ‘do not track’ practices please see our Cookies Notice.
Canada
If you submit a request to stop direct marketing communications from us, it will
take no longer than 10 days.
 As your data may be transferred to third parties outside the country where you are located, local police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government bodies may have access to that data with or without the Partnership’s knowledge. The personal data we process may be accessed by persons within the Partnership, or our third party service providers, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated in this Privacy Notice, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law. Personal data we collect is maintained primarily in the UK.  
 If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada, or in some Canadian provinces, your local Privacy Commissioner.
Hong Kong
Terms used in this Privacy Notice shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (the “PDPO”).
Under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (the “PDPO”), individuals must be notified at the point of collection of the purposes for which the data was collected and thereafter the data can only be used for those purposes unless consent is obtained for a new purpose. 
If you are in Hong Kong you may submit a complaint to our Data Protection Officer who will come back to you within 30 days. If we have not come back to you or you are not happy with the response that you receive you may submit a complaint to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data.
 Malaysia
Terms used in this Privacy Notice shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (“PDPA”). 
If you are in  Malaysia you may submit any questions, comments or complaints to our Data Protection Officer who will come back to you within 21 days.
 South Korea
The transfer of data to enable the company to supply the goods or services a customer has requested can be deemed as a Delegation.

Singapore, Qatar
Terms used in this Privacy Notice shall have the meanings assigned to them by the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (also known as the PDPA).  
By placing an order with us, opening an account, browsing our website and/or agreeing to receive digital direct marketing communications, you agree that we may process your personal data as described in this Privacy Notice and our Cookies Notice, including for analytics and research into website use.
 
