Last updated: February 25, 2016
Credit Suisse Group AG and all its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as "Credit Suisse", "we" or "us") are committed to maintaining the privacy of every current, former and prospective customer. We recognize that you entrust important personal information to us, and we wish to assure you that we take seriously our responsibilities in protecting and safeguarding this information. This Privacy & Cookie Policy ("Policy") describes in detail how we deal with information that we collect on this website (the "Site").
This Policy may be updated at any time. Please ensure that you regularly read the latest version of this page. The first paragraph of the Policy tells you when the last update was made.
Information We Collect
We may collect information about you when you use this Site or when you apply for or use other services offered by Credit Suisse in the following ways:

We may also collect personal information about you as a result of us recording certain telephone calls which our employees may have with you, and storing those recordings, in order to satisfy our legal and regulatory obligations or for Credit Suisse Business purposes.
If you register to use the password-protected or country-specific portions of our site, we will ask you to provide us with certain information about yourself. This information may include your name, company name, title, address, country of residence, e-mail address, telephone number, account number, assets, income and financial situation. We use such information about you to verify your identity and eligibility to receive certain products or services, to provide information to you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you, to record your interest in products and services that we offer, and to respond to your requests for information. We may also use cookies or web bugs on such portions of our Site to collect Usage Information, and to facilitate your movement within the Site (e.g. remembering passwords during a session and recording the country you may have elected as your country of residence).
We may collect information concerning the attachments you open within newsletters that are sent to you electronically.
We may also collect personal information about you from applications, forms or questionnaires you may complete or agreements you enter into with us or in the course of your establishing or maintaining a customer relationship with us, including information about your credit history or financial situation, and your transactions with us or others who provide services to us.

If you decline to provide us with the personal information we require then we may not be able to make investment products available to you or to provide other services to you.
Security of data transfers
Please note that data that is transported over an open network, such as the Internet or e-mail, may be accessible to anybody. Information that is submitted via the internet (such as online forms) as well as content received online might be transmitted via third party networks. Credit Suisse cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via such open or third party networks. When disclosing any personal information via an open or third party network, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to others, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent. In particular, while individual data packets are often encrypted, the names of the sender and recipient are not. A third party may therefore be able to trace an existing bank account or relationship or one that is subsequently created. Even if both the sender and recipient are located in the same country data may also be transmitted via such networks to other countries regularly and without controls, including to countries that do not afford the same level of data protection as your country of domicile.
For certain services, we use strong encryption to transfer your data (e-banking, for example). In these cases you will be told separately about the treatment of this data and about the details of encryption.
Your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. We do not accept any liability for direct or indirect losses as regards the security of your data during its transfer via Internet. Please use other means of communication if you think this is necessary or prudent for security reasons.
Protection, Processing and Use of Personal Data
We use your personal information to enhance the quality of the products or services we wish to provide to our customers or in connection with your investments with or through us and to maintain contact details for those with whom we deal. We restrict access to personal information about you to those employees, agents or other parties who need to know that information to provide products or services to you or in connection with your investments with or through us. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard your personal information, including firewalls, individual passwords and encryption and authentication technology. We do not use for purposes other than as set out above, or disclose to any third party any personal information about our customers or former customers, except with such customer’s consent or as otherwise permitted or required by law. In cases where we believe that additional products and services may be of interest to you, we may share your personal information with affiliates of Credit Suisse to the extent permitted by applicable law. We may also disclose this information to firms that perform services on our behalf to the extent permitted by applicable law. These service providers are required to treat the information confidentially and use it only for the purpose for which it is provided. Certain jurisdictions may have more stringent privacy requirements that will prevent disclosure of your personal information to any other person or entity, including affiliates.
We will retain your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection laws for so long as it is needed.
Cookie policy
All websites of Credit Suisse Group AG and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as “Credit Suisse”, “we” or “us”) use cookies for statistical purposes and to improve user experience. One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. This site does not work without cookies. By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies for this purpose.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small files which are stored on your computer to keep track of your visit to the website and your preferences; as you move between pages, and sometimes to save settings between visits. Cookies help the builders of websites gather statistics about how often people visit certain areas of the site, and help in tailoring websites to be more useful and user-friendly.
For more information on cookies, please visit the UK Information Commissioner’s Office website (www.ico.gov.uk) for a thorough and detailed description of the purpose and usage of cookies, and information on how to control and delete cookies from your browser.
How are cookies used in this website?
The cookies we store on Credit Suisse websites are used to:

track the number, and type of visits to the website, and its pages, in order for us to determine which parts of the site are working well, and which need improvement,
store your preferences, for screen layouts, including your preferred language and country,
gather statistics on the number of users and their usage patterns,
improve the speed and performance of the website pages.

Third party cookies and partners
Occasionally we will use third party plug-ins and components to improve the user’s experience.  These components may also use cookies for similar purposes. Neither the third party nor Credit Suisse has access to any data collected by the other via cookies.
Deleting Cookies
You may opt-out of cookies (and the use of this website) at any time, by deleting the cookies that were set by the site.  This can be done via the settings of your internet browser, and deleting all cookies.  To find how to manage and delete cookies, please visit the Information Commissioner’s Office website (www.ico.gov.uk).
Links
This Site may contain hyperlinks to other websites that are not operated or monitored by Credit Suisse. These other websites are not subject to this Policy and we are not responsible for their content or for the policy they apply to the treatment of personal data. We recommend that you read the policy used by these websites and check how these websites protect your personal data and whether they are trustworthy.
Search
The search box on this web site ("Search Box") is powered by Google Inc ("Google"). Customer acknowledges and agrees that Google’s privacy policy (located at http://www.google.com/privacy.html) shall apply to your use of the Search Box and by using the Search Box you consent to Google using your personal data in accordance with its privacy policy.