Guidelines for Patient Physician Electronic   Communications via The Guthrie Website
We at Guthrie believe that new   communication technologies should never replace the crucial interpersonal   contacts that are the very basis of the patient-physician relationship. Rather,   electronic communications should be used to enhance such contacts. With that in   mind, we have developed the following guidelines to help visitors use the   electronic communications available on the Guthrie website.
Definition: Patient-Physician electronic   communications is defined as a computer-based communication between   physicians and patients "within" an ongoing professional relationship.  Guthrie recognizes and would like to extend access to our services to   not only existing patients, but also to those persons who would like to make   informed health care decisions, and possibly choose Guthrie for the first time.   Therefore, Guthrie offers all website visitors a number of ways to conduct   electronic transactions. These include forms and email.
Forms are web pages that have areas that   allow the visitor to input information and/or fill in blanks. While forms are    secure in nature, there are still some risks involved when using any   type of electronic communication. Forms on www.guthrie.org are posted and stored on a secure server and accessed by authorized designated   staff. All Guthrie employees and data processors, who have access to, and are   associated with the processing of personal data, are obligated to respect the   confidentiality of personal data as a condition of employment.
Email allows visitors to use their   personal email program to send information to Guthrie. Email sent to Guthrie   through this site is not fully secure, so visitors should NOT transmit medical   information using the email function. GUTHRIE CANNOT GUARANTEE THE   PROTECTION/INACCESSIBILITY BY OTHERS OF MEDICAL INFORMATION SENT FROM A PATIENT   TO GUTHRIE VIA EMAIL.
Guthrie offers confidential toll-free telephone access (1-888-4GUTHRIE) for   those who wish to request information about Guthrie services and/or to make an   appointment with a Guthrie physician without using electronic communications.   Telephone calls for other matters should be directed to (570) 888-6666 or (607)   937-7200 for Corning Hospital.
How We Protect Visitors:
Communication Guidelines:
Email is not a secure medium. Any email sent over   the Internet is likely to pass through many servers before reaching its   destination. During transit, these messages can be read by anyone with   authorized (or unauthorized) access to those mail servers handling the mail.   There are also security issues involving the collection and storage of any   information captured on the website. To address this situation, Guthrie   has established guidelines for usage of electronic communications via the   Guthrie website, www.guthrie.org,   to allow visitors to understand and evaluate these issues. 
Privacy:
Guthrie will use reasonable means to   protect the security and confidentiality of electronic information sent and   received through www.guthrie.org.   Any party may use other means to contact and communicate with Guthrie and   its providers, such as using the toll free number (1-8884GUTHRIE.)
Providing Visitors with   Anonymous Access
Visitors can access our home page and browse our sites without disclosing     their personal data.
Automatic Collection of   Information
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information     automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific     individuals.
We  do use cookies to store non-personal data for website utilization reporting  and advertising  on third-party vendor sites. We do not link non-personal information  stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and   Purpose Specification
We collect personal data that visitors may volunteer while using our     services.
We do not collect information about our web visitors from other sources,     such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
We DO NOT trade or use personal data from our website for marketing     purposes unless expressed permission has been granted.
We and third-party vendors,       including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics       cookie) to collect non-personal data which is used to inform, optimize,       and serve ads based on past visits to our website.
We may collect  personal identification information from users in a variety of ways, including,  but not limited to, when users register on the site, place an order and in  connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make  available on our site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email  address, mailing address, phone number and credit card information. Users can  always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it  may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activities.
Guthrie collects  and uses users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve our Site We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the        information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions We may use the information users provide about themselves when placing an        order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this        information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to        provide the service.
To send periodic emails  The email address users provide for order processing, will only be used to send  them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to  respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If user decides  to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include  company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any  time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we  include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or user  may contact us at 1-888-4GUTHRIE.

 Disclosure and Visitor   Choice
Where we disclose visitors/personal data for the same purposes as those     indicated in the tables above, we provide visitors with the means to opt-out     of disclosure by calling this telephone number ( 1-888-4GUTHRIE )
If we plan to disclose visitors/personal data we will contact     visitors first and offer visitors the opportunity to deny permission          by calling this telephone number ( 1-888-4GUTHRIE ) 
We collect and use information in the following way: 
Our site uses web-based forms that allow   customers to communicate and conduct business with us. Examples include requests   for appointments, registration for classes, requests for information and   services, online purchasing, and online resume submission for job postings. Data   collected will vary based on the business need. Information such as email   address, mailing address, account or credit card information is collected when   needed to respond to a specific user inquiry, e.g., to mail requested health   materials. Visitors email addresses are used to transact business when this   form of communication enriches the customer experience, and only when visitors   approve of such usage, such as an appointment reminder. Guthrie uses individual   data collected only when it will assist in providing and improving healthcare   product and service delivery. Guthrie is not held responsible for   technical failures that occur with the user's browser, PC, Internet Service   Provider, or other causes beyond our control that may render the data submitted   to be lost.
Confidentiality
We have implemented security policies, rules and   technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control   from:
unauthorized access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorized modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All of our employees and data processors, who   have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are   obligated to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
We ensure that visitor's personal data will not be disclosed to State     institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Links & Other Vendors
This site contains links to other sites.   Guthrie is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of   such web sites. Visitors should read and understand the privacy statement of any   web site visitor's access. Guthrie contracts with other vendors to   provide services and information to our web site users. We may disclose   information to such affiliated third parties that perform services for us in the   processing of this site or servicing of visitor's transaction. These vendors are   contractually obligated to keep visitors information secure and private.
Advertising and other promotional material on   www.guthrie.org will be presented to viewers in a manner and context that facilitates   differentiation between it and the original material created by Guthrie.
We may use third-party  vendors, including Google, to show advertisements and promotions on sites  across the Internet. Using these third-party vendors or sites does not imply endorsement of, or association with  Guthrie.
Security
Guthrie  uses Secure Socket Layers (SSL) security   protocol for communications between your browser and portions of the website   containing personally identifiable information. Guthrie   employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the   processing of personal data, are obligated to respect the confidentiality of our   visitors' personal data as is customary in any professional healthcare   environment. This web site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and   alteration of the information under our control. Firewalls are in place to   prevent unauthorized access to our systems.  Systems are monitored for suspicious activity   to help prevent  breaches in security. Data provided by visitors on the   Guthrie website is kept on a secure server with limited access.
Practice Concerns
Advertising and other promotional material on www.guthrie.org will be presented     to viewers in a manner and context that facilitates differentiation between it     and the original material created by Guthrie. 
While Guthrie makes every effort to provide up-to-date, accurate     information, health care is a rapidly changing field. As change occurs in     medical information, the website is periodically updated by Guthrie's     medically trained staff. Guthrie attempts to follow the  American Medical Association (AMA) guidelines for health     information on the web. Where     appropriate, information contained on this site will be supported by clear     references to source data and, where possible, have specific HTML links to     that data. 
Standards for responding to messages sent to www.guthrie.org are within two business days. Although Guthrie     will endeavor to read and respond within this timeframe, due to the nature of     some medical issues and operational concerns beyond our control, we cannot     guarantee that any particular communication can be responded to in a     particular time period. No parties shall use electronic communication for     medical emergencies or for other time sensitive matters. 
If a communication is sent using www.guthrie.org and requires or invites a response from Guthrie, and has not received a     response within a reasonable time period, it is the visitor's responsibility     to follow up to determine whether the intended recipient received the     communication and when the recipient will respond. 
Communications sent to www.guthrie.org are received by a non-clinical staff member. Responses are, however, composed     after consultation with provider to whom the sender has requested this message     to be delivered. The message may also be composed after consultation with an     appropriate member of the medical or health professional staff if no specific     recipient was requested or the requested provider is not available. 
Electronic communication should not be used to discuss sensitive medical     information.
Some communications portals are forms. Forms containing personally identifiable information are provided by Secure Socket Layers (SSL) security   protocol. Forms are posted and stored on a secure     server and accessed by authorized designated staff. All Guthrie employees and     data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of     personal data, are obligated to respect the confidentiality of our visitors'     personal data as a condition of employment.
Other communication portals on our website are email. Email allows visitors     to use their own email program to send information to us. Email messages     arrive at Guthrie through website portals that are not fully secure, so email     is not recommended for transmission of medical information that visitors would     not want intercepted by a third party.
We advise anyone who is not comfortable with electronic communications to     please use the Guthrie Call Center toll free number -- 1-888-4GUTHRIE -- to     confidentially request information about Guthrie's services and/or to make AN     appointment. Phone calls for other reasons should be made to (570) 888-6666.
Please do not direct sales solicitations to Guthrie's email address.
Guthrie holds the right to terminate any electronic communication     relationship with any party that repeatedly abuses this mode of communication.
Further Questions
Visitors may contact us about any of the   guidelines and/or security issue visitors might have:
by calling this telephone number ( 1-888-4GUTHRIE )
Updated November 2012
