In order to operate the Services, maximize your experience, and provide you with enhanced Services, we may collect and use information, some of which may be considered personal data.  We collection information from and about you in the following ways:


User Account Registration.  When you choose to register a user account, you will be required to provide certain information about yourself.   You may register using your e-mail address or your Facebook, Google+ or Amazon account.  You may choose to add additional information to your account, including your first and last name, birthdate, gender, phone number, home address, work address, and television provider.  If we can use this information, alone or in combination, to reasonably identify you as an individual, we treat the information as personal data.  
We use personal data that you provide to give you personalized treatment on the Services; to operate the Services; to analyze, improve, enhance and fine tune our products and the Services; and for any other purpose that is permitted by applicable law and consistent with this Privacy Policy.

Information Provided By You.  You may also choose to provide us with information, some of which may be personal data, when you interact with the Services in the following ways: 

Complete a survey—for example, you may choose to provide us an e-mail address so that we can contact you about your survey response;
Register for a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion —for example, you may provide your telephone and home address and we may be legally obligated to disclose this information if you win;  
Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form to receive additional information–for example, you might e-mail us with a question and we will use your e-mail address to respond to your inquiry; 
Submit a comment, leave feedback, or send us a photo or video—for example, you might submit a cool photo of a weather event you experienced that we may post on the Services so others can enjoy it;
Report weather or other conditions—for example, you might tell us that the weather in your area is cold or rainy and we may associate that information with your account; 
Submit information about yourself (e.g., your gender, age, age range, address, birthday, height, weight, body type)—for example, our OutSider mobile application allows you to track your fitness activities and allows us to deliver the OutSider mobile application features and services; and
Customize the Services—for example, you might set a “home” location so that every time you visit the Services, you are automatically displayed the weather for that home location.


Automatic Collection.  We also collect certain information through automated means. Some of the information we collect through automated means may, whether alone or combined with other data, be personal data.  For example, we automatically collect: 


Information about your device and device capabilities
Information about your device operating system
Information about your browser
Information about how you use the Services
Your activities on the Services 
IP address
Advertising identifiers
Mobile or Internet Carrier
Browser type
Browser identifier
Referring URL


                                This information helps us to understand, analyze and measure how users use the Services; manage Services’ operations; deliver  and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; help diagnose problems; recognize repeat visitors; and facilitate your access to and use of the Services.

Location Information.  We also collect location information through the Services so that we can offer you certain location-based services (such as severe weather alerts through our mobile applications), provide advertisements that are relevant to your geographic location, and conduct analytics to improve the Services.  The way in which we collect location information is different depending on whether you are accessing the Services through a website or a mobile application.
If you are accessing the Services through the Site, we use various technologies, including HTML5, to detect your location so that we can automatically show you the weather for your area, rather than some random location.  Depending on browser type, your browser may inform you that the Site would like to collect your location and request your permission to do so.  If you allow it, location information is then collected and may be stored locally on your device.  If you decline the collection of location information, your location is not collected and you must manually enter your location.  
If you are accessing the Services through one of our mobile applications, the way we collect location information will differ depending on your mobile device’s operating system. If you decline to allow location information collection, your location is not collected and you must type in a location or zip code to see the weather for that location or zip code.  
In the event you allow location information collection through your mobile device, we may collect precise geographic location information.  Whether we can collect precise location information is controlled by your device’s operating system.  Our collection methods include GPS, cellular network location and other location-based services.  Depending on your mobile device’s operating system, we typically receive the latitude and longitude of your mobile device, as well as date and time, but the precision of latitude and longitude varies greatly and is determined by various factors controlled by your device or mobile service provider.  
If you opt to allow the Weather Channel or OutSider mobile applications to collect location information while the mobile applications are running in the background, you will enable continuous location collection.  This allows us to send you severe weather alerts for the area in which you might be traveling and deliver you advertisements tailored to your current location.  We also use this location information to conduct analytics and improve the Services.  You can turn off location collection through your device settings or by deleting the Weather Channel mobile application from your device.  You also can turn off continuous location collection at any time through your device settings or by deleting the Weather Channel mobile application.  
Turning off location-based services in either The Weather Channel mobile application or OutSider mobile application also will disable certain other aspects of the Services, such as location-based severe alerts.  However, you may still receive alerts for any location that you entered into one of our mobile applications.
Alerts and Notifications.  Certain Services offer you the ability to receive push notifications for weather-related updates.  To provide these Services, we may need to collect your e-mail address, phone number, device information, and mobile carrier information, in addition to the postal code or geographic area to which the alert, update or notification pertains.  If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications, you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered.
Other Types of Information We Collect.  Certain of our mobile applications interface with Session M.  If you have an account with Session M and choose to log into Session M’s mPOINTS through one of our mobile applications to earn mPOINTS, Session M will provide us with your e-mail address.  We do not use the e-mail address provided by Session M for any other purpose than to fulfill the Session M service.  
In addition, older versions of the Services allowed users to view weather conditions for contacts saved on their mobile devices.  If you agreed to use this feature, your contacts were accessed to provide weather information for your contacts that already have their address, city, state, or zip code available in your contact list.  We did not store your contact list or use it for any other purpose other than providing weather conditions related to your contacts. You may disable this feature by updating your mobile application to the most recent version or deleting the application. 
Special Note about Content Submissions.  The Services may from time to time offer areas where you and other users can post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings or other materials on or to the Services (collectively, “Submissions”).  Any geo-location, tags or other metadata in Submissions may become publicly available.  Any information, including personal data, in your Submissions can be read, collected, or used by others.  We are not responsible for the information, including personal data, included in your Submissions.


