This electronic version of Ethnologue: Languages of the World is intended for non-commercial scholarly research and educational use. You may make copies of portions of these pages for research or educational purposes in accordance with the SIL Fair Use Guidelines free of charge and without further permission. Those guidelines stipulate that the total amount of content from this website that may be used under the terms of fair use may not exceed 1,000 words per project.
Republication or commercial use of the Ethnologue (and its indexes) is expressly prohibited without the written consent of SIL International. You may make links to these pages (with proper attribution), but you may not mirror (i.e., place copies of) these pages, in part or whole, on your site without the written consent of SIL International. To request permission, email the Request for Permission to Publish SIL Copyright Materials form to International Administrator Copyright Permissions. Nor may you use automation to scrape content from these pages. We reserve the right to ban traffic which we detect to be using automation to scrape content. If such traffic originates from a paid subscriber, we reserve the right to also cancel that subscription without refund. To use Ethnologue data in your own research, products, or services, you must acquire the appropriate license to the Ethnologue Global Dataset.
Terms of Use for Ethnologue Products
Print editions and country reports may be used subject to the usual terms of copyright.  You may make copies of portions of these documents for research or educational purposes in accordance with the SIL Fair Use Guidelines free of charge and without further permission. Electronic data products purchased from SIL International (such as the Ethnologue Global Dataset) are subject to licensing restrictions as specified for each product.
Terms of Use for Maps and Graphics
Terms of use for the maps and graphics found on the website are described in a separate Map Licenses page. There is a default license for limited free use of the low-resolution watermarked maps, but licenses for high-resolution watermark-free maps are also available for purchase.
Terms of Use for Language Code Download Tables
In the interest of fostering the use of ISO 639-3 for the uniform identification of all the world's languages in information systems, SIL International releases certain information from the Ethnologue database for use in the development of information systems, specifically, information that describes language identifiers in terms of alternate names and countries where spoken. You are welcome to download the information as provided and incorporate the supplied tables into your own database application. You are authorized to include the information in a product that you make available to the public (even on a commercial basis), provided that you:

cite SIL International and this web site (www.ethnologue.com) as the source of the information,
do not modify or extend the codes other than those set aside for local use (i.e. qaa to qtz),
do not redistribute the code tables for download, and
use only the data in the tables and no other data posted on this site. Other information on this site should be accessed by supplying a link like the following (where abc is an ISO 639-3 code):
http://www.ethnologue.com/language/abc


SIL International periodically updates the supplied information, and intends this site to be the sole distribution source in order to ensure uniformity of versions. You are not authorized to redistribute the code tables for download, whether in the exact form they were obtained from this site or in a modified form you have developed, without the written consent of SIL International (see instructions above).
Privacy Policy
Ethnologue.com does not send unsolicited or "spam" e-mail and does not sell, rent, or trade its e-mail lists to third parties.
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google uses the data collected to track and examine the use of www.ethnologue.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. We have also chosen to enable Google's Display Advertising features, which allow us to collect and access certain demographic and interest data about visitors to www.ethnologue.com through Google's first-party and other third-party cookies. We use this Google Analytics data to improve our online web properties, products, and services. We do not share, sell, rent, or lease this information to anyone outside of SIL or its contractors. We will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising features that is based on the DoubleClick cookie unless we have robust notice of, and your prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that merger. You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Google's Ads Settings or install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. 
Personal information that you supply to us when you become a registered user, will be used solely for the purposes of implementing the comment and feedback functions on the Ethnologue “Feedback” pages. We ask you for your name and e-mail address so that we can communicate with you about your comments and feedback. You may opt out of receiving information from SIL and Ethnologue about updates or products as they become available. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please e-mail info-sil@sil.org or mail your question to us at 7500 W. Camp Wisdom Rd., Dallas, TX 75236.
External Links disclaimer
Some links in the Ethnologue point to documents and sites which are not located within the ethnologue.com or sil.org Internet domains, and are therefore not managed or controlled by SIL. These links are included to point the reader to other possibly relevant resources.
A link to a document or site other than those included within the ethnologue.com or sil.org domains does not necessarily imply that SIL International

endorses the organization(s) or person(s) providing them,
agrees with the ideas expressed, or
attests to the correctness, factuality, appropriateness, or legality of the contents.

Comments and feedback provided by registered users of the Ethnologue represent the views of those users and are not endorsed or attested to by the Ethnologue or SIL International. Registered users are expected to abide by the Ethnologue User Community Norms. If you violate those norms, we generally will bring that to your attention gently. We reserve the right to delete offensive comments at any time. Repeated violations of those norms may result in cancellation of the registered user’s subscription.
