


                          
                        


                          
                        


                             
                        


                         
                    
                        Privacy Policy
                    

Iran Review Privacy Policy

We use the collected information to provide your required services, for internal review, and to improve the content of our site. We may use your information to keep you informed our other services. Furthermore, we intend to inform interested people about professional events we are engaged in.

We treat your personal information as our unique properties. We take strict security actions to protect them. We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged with our site. We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists or other information collected to third parties.

Iran Review Copyright Statement

The content of this website is provided for public cultural and educational purposes that we consider them as our social responsibilities toward global society. In preparing our reports, we perform research procedures and utilize soft/hard materials. The content we use as our references are public, although some of them are not freely available for public. We do not use, quote, or disclose any private or confidential information at any level that may harm national security of Islamic Republic of Iran.

We are strictly bound to ethical research. We do not use unauthorized content. The copyrighted materials we use are utilized under prior written or other forms of permission. We specify the parts we directly use in our reports and released materials with quotations and we provide details of the reference according to the common referencing techniques in such a way that third parties be able to retrieve them. We do not change the external materials. In the case of summarizing, we just omit the less related parts and replace them with “…” or similar annotations.

The content we offer through our website can be freely quoted in other places provided the referencing methods and considerations we observe in our work. We expect the name of our institute and the detailed publishing specifications of the materials to be quoted in destination.



