

For any prospective or current customers of AWS Offerings in the European Economic Area (EEA): 
Controller of Personal Information. Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 5 rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through AWS Offerings. Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, is the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:

as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.

Your Rights. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:

ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal data; request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and 
lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg www.cnpd.lu, or with a local authority.

You can exercise your rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, objection, and data portability by contacting us. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at the address under Notice and Revisions above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies. Please refer to our Cookies Notice.
Transfers outside of the EEA. When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law. This may include the transfer of data in accordance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield frameworks (for transfers to the US) or pursuant to data transfer agreements that incorporate the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission.  


