PRIVACY POLICY
This website is operated by FC Bayern München AG. The protection of your personal data is very important to us.
Collection and use of non-personal data.
Your browser automatically transmits information when you access our website. Examples of this include the browser type/the browser version, the operating system used, referrer URL, loaded pages, time spent on the site and times of server enquiries. This data cannot be allocated to specific persons. This data will not be combined with other sources of data. We reserve the right to examine this data in retrospect, if we become aware that it has been used for unlawful purposes.
Collection and use of personal data.
We only collect and process the personal data (e.g. name, address, email) that you provide to use upon registration, when you order products or services or when you make enquiries, and only insofar as this is required to substantiate, to establish the content of the legal relationship or to change the legal relationship. After the contract has been executed, your data will be deleted having regard to the statutory safe-keeping duties, provided that you have not expressly agreed to the further use of this data. We, and persons instructed by us, shall not forward your personal data to third parties without your consent or a relevant official order.
When you register to set up a new customer account, the data that you enter will be permanently stored in our database. You may request your data and your profile/account to be deleted at any time.
If you also consented to the receipt of marketing material when you set up your profile/account, we and/or service companies instructed by us shall use your information for advertising purposes. Your consent is voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future.
Newsletter service
We shall use your data to be able to send you information concerning current events and attractive offers, provided that you have subscribed to the relevant newsletters. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via the link at the end of the newsletter or directly via your user profile.
Product recommendations by email
As an online customer, you will regularly receive product recommendations from us by email. You will receive these product recommendations regardless of whether you subscribed to the newsletter or not. For this purpose we will use the email address, which you provided during the purchase, to advertise our own products and/or services that are similar to those that you purchased from us in a previous order. You may opt out of receiving this product recommendation at any time by clicking the link at the end of the product recommendation or sending an email to datenschutz@fcb.de.
Flyers, catalogues and all advertising material sent by post
We will use your data for marketing purposes, if we believe that we have offers that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of the use of your address information at any time by sending a written notification to FC Bayern München AG, Säbener Str. 51-57, 81547 Munich or by email to service@fcbayern.de. Once we have received your notification we will suspend any further mailing of marketing information immediately and we will also not forward the data to third parties for marketing purposes.
Data transfer during an order and credit assessment
We will store all of the data that you have provided to us with your order and, if it is necessary to complete the contract, we will forward this data to our contract partners when the order is processed, e.g. to the carrier or courier who generally delivers our goods. Our contract partners may exclusively use the data transmitted in this way to execute the order.
In justified cases (for example direct debit proceedings) we will exchange address and credit assessment information with credit service companies. The service providers can only access the personal information that is required to fulfil the relevant contract.
Cookies
Some of our services require the use of "cookies". Cookies are small quantities of data, which your Internet browser saves onto your computer. Cookies may store information about your visit to our website. For instance, as a result of this data, information may be displayed on the site that is tailored to your interests.
In the event of a permanent cookie, see our "stay logged in" button, your login information will be stored for 30 days on the device with which you last logged in successfully. Therefore, you must be careful when using public computers. Most browsers are set by default in such a way that they accept cookies. However, you can configure your browser so that it rejects cookies or requests prior confirmation from you before it stores cookies. The help function in the menu list of most web browsers explains to you how your prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how you can set your browser to alert you if you receive a new cookie. It also tells you how you can delete any previous cookies and how you can block all future cookies.
However, if you reject cookies you may not be able to use all of the features and functionalities of our site.
Web analytics and retargeting technologies
In accordance with section 15 (3) German Telemedia Act (TMG) data will be collected by the web analytics programmes Econda, Google Analytics¹ and Google Remarketing² as well as Criteo² (for example plug-ins, browsers, time spent on the site, language used, etc.) for marketing and optimisation purposes and will be processed and stored as required to structure our services. User profiles and target group segments can be created from this data, which will be used for targeted marketing or information campaigns. The data collected during the website analysis will not be used without separate consent of the person concerned to identify the visitor of the website personally and will not be combined with the personal data of the anonymous profile.
¹ Google Analytics is a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", text files which are stored on your computer and which enable the analysis of your use of the website. Google will generally transfer and save the information created by the cookie about your use of this website to a server in the US. In case of the activation of the IP anonymisation on this website however, Google will first abbreviate your IP address within the Member States of the European Union or in other Member States who are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will only be transferred to a Google service in the US and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. At the instruction of FC Bayern München AG, Google shall use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to create reports on the website activity and to provide further services associated with the use of the website and the Internet to the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser during Google Analytics, will not be combined with other data from Google. You can prevent cookies from being stored by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that you will not be able to use all of the functions of the website if you do so.
You can additionally prevent Google from recording and processing the data created by the cookie and your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser-plugin under the following link http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
You can prevent the registration by Google Analytics by using following link. An Opt-Out cookie will be set, that prevents future registration of your data while visiting our website: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Please see http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html and/or https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/ for more information on the conditions of use.
Please note that our website Google Analytics was expanded by the code "anonymizeIp" to guarantee the anonymised recording of IP addresses (IP-masking).
Additionally, Google Analytics is used to assess data from AdWords and the DoubleClick cookie for statistical purposes. If you do not want this, please deactivate this via the Ads Preferences Manager (http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/?hl=de).
²Google Remarketing and Criteo help to collect and store anonymized information about browsing habits for marketing purposes (targeting/retargeting). This data is saved on your computer by means of cookies. By using an algorithm, targeted product recommendations can then be shown as personalized banner ads on other websites (publishers). This data is not used to personally identify the website visitor.  The data collected is used to improve the offering.
You have the right to object to the following programs/uses. To be able to use this objection function, cookies must be activated on your internet browser.

For Econda Web Analysis (only for the fan shop) please click here.
For Criteo (for the whole website, including the shop) please click here 
Google Analytics (whole website): You can also prevent the recording by Google Analytics by clicking the following link. An opt-out cookie will be placed, which prevents the future recording of your data when you visit this website: deactivate Google Analytics
For Google, please use the following link (for the whole website, including the shop): https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated

Cookies and Google Remarketing
Google Remarketing uses the DoubleClick cookie on websites of the Google advertising network and for specific Google services to support AdWords customers and publishers in placing and managing ads. If you call up a website and show or click on an ad placed via websites of the Google advertising network, a DoubleClick cookie may be placed on your browser.  The DoubleClick cookie identifier associated with your browser is the same identifier used when you visit websites that use DoubleClick advertising services. If you already have a DoubleClick cookie on your browser, no additional DoubleClick cookie should be placed. For further information about the use of DoubleClick cookies in connection with the advertising program of DoubleClick, please see https://support.google.com/ adsense/answer/2839090.
Data protection information
We comply with the statutory requirements for all data processing activities (collection, processing and transmission). Your data required for the business transaction is stored and transferred to service providers instructed by us as necessary to process the order. Furthermore, address and order information will be collected and processed for our own marketing purposes. For external marketing purposes, only such data is transferred that is permitted to by law (general public data and aggregate data compiled in lists in accordance with section 28 (3) P. 2 and P. 4 Federal Data Protection Act).
Secure data transmission
All personal data that you transmit to us during general browsing or particularly during the order process, will be transmitted in encrypted form and is therefore protected from misuse. In particular, we create an SSL connection for each transaction. SSL (secure sockets layer) is a method for encrypting your data so that it cannot be read by unauthorised persons during the transfer across the Internet.
You can identify the SSL connection by the change of Internet address from http:// to https://. Additionally, the secure connection will generally be displayed in the status bar of your web browser in the form of a lock symbol.
Miles and more
If you are participating in the Miles & More program and would like to receive a credit note for the bonus miles collected when making a purchase with us or if you would like to redeem your bonus miles when making a purchase, we will transmit the data required for the credit note to Miles & More International GmbH, Dornhofstraße 100, 63263 Neu-Isenburg.
Integration of social plug-ins
Social plugins for the social networks Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp have been integrated into our websites. These are offers from the US company Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA), Twitter Inc. (1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco CA 94103) and WhatsApp Inc. (650 Castro Street, Suite 120-219, Mountain View, California 94041). You can identify the plugins by the relevant logos of the companies.
Before clicking on the Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp buttons, a data protection friendly alternative (Shariff button) will only transit the visitor's server address instead of the IP address to Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp. As long as the user does not click the link to share content, he shall remain invisible, at least for Facebook & Co. If you click the share button, you consent to the transfer of your data to the relevant network.
We use the data protection friendly alternative (Shariff button) to prevent social networks from following and storing the Internet habits without the active contribution of the user. For further information on the solution used, please see http://www.heise.de/ct/ausgabe/2014-26-Social-Media-Buttons-datenschutzkonform-nutzen-2463330.html.
Objection
You may object to the use, processing or transmission of your data for advertising purposes or for purposes of market and opinion research at any time by sending an informal notification, including your address and/or customer number to the following email address at datenschutz@fcb.de and by post to FC Bayern München AG, Data Protection, Säbener Straße 51-57, 81547 Munich. We will inform you again about your right of objection in each commercial communication sent to you.
However, this shall not apply to the processing of the data required for your order. Once we have received your objection, we will no longer use, process and transfer the relevant data for purposes other than to process your order and we will also no longer send you our advertising material, including our catalogues.
Right to information/Right to delete or amend information
In accordance with the Federal Data Protection Act, you are entitled to receive information about the data stored about you free of charge and, if applicable, you are entitled to correct, block or delete this data. Insofar as you request further information or if the correction, the blocking or the deletion of the customer's data is required, you may send an email to datenschutz@fcb.de.
If statutory provisions should not allow the deletion of data, your data will be blocked instead so that it can only be accessed for the purpose required by the mandatory statutory provisions.
As a result of changes to our business and changes to the law, our data protection provisions are also subject to continuing development. We will update them accordingly.
If you have any further questions, which have not been answered by this privacy policy, please send an email to the following address: datenschutz@fcb.de
 
Date of review: July 2016 