
Privacy Policy 
This website is operated by FC Bayern München AG. The protection of your personal data is very important to us. In this declaration you will find information about the handling of your personal data when you visit the FC Bayern Munich website.
Responsible for the processing of personal data on this website is:
FC Bayern München AG
Säbener road 51-57
D-81547 Munich, Germany
Phone: +49 89 699 31-0
Fax: +49 89 64 41 65
Email: service@fcbayern.com
If you have any questions regarding data protection, you can also contact our Data Protection Officer at any time under datenschutz@fcbayern.com 
Collection and use of non-personal data
If you use this website without transmitting data to us in any other way (e.g. by registration), we only collect technically necessary data which is automatically transmitted to our server by your browser (e.g. browser type/browser version, operating system used, referrer URL, pages called up, length of visit, IP address, date and time of enquiry). This is technically necessary in order to display our website to you. As far as personal data is concerned, Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR is the legal basis for the collection. This data will not be combined with other sources of data. We reserve the right to examine this data in retrospect, if we become aware that it has been used for unlawful purposes.
Collection and use of personal data
We only collect and process the personal data (e.g. name, address, email) that you provide to us upon registration, when you order products or services, or when you make enquiries, and only insofar as this is required to substantiate, to establish the content of the legal relationship, or to change the legal relationship. After the contract has been executed, your data will be deleted with regard to the statutory safe-keeping duties, provided that you have not expressly agreed to the further use of this data. We, and persons instructed by us, shall not forward your personal data to third parties without your consent or a relevant official order.
When you register to set up a new customer account, the data that you enter will be permanently stored in our database. You may request your data and your profile/account be deleted at any time.
If you also consented to the receipt of marketing material when you set up your profile/account, we and/or service companies instructed by us shall use your information for advertising purposes. Your consent is voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future.
The legal basis for the processing in the case of consent is Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. If your registration serves to prepare the conclusion of a contract, Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR is an additional legal basis.
Storage period
We only process and store your data for as long as is necessary for processing or to comply with legal obligations. Your data will be blocked or deleted after the processing purpose has ceased to apply. If, in addition, legal obligations for storage exist, we block or delete your data at the end of the legal storage periods.
Newsletter service
We use your data to provide you with information on current events and attractive offers from FC Bayern Munich (FC Bayern München AG, FC Bayern München Fanshop AG & Co. KG, FC Bayern München Service AG & Co. KG, FC Bayern Munich LLC, FC Bayern Munich Shanghai Co. Ltd, FC Bayern Tours GmbH, Allianz Arena München Stadion GmbH, FC Bayern München eV, FC Bayern München Basketball GmbH) and its official partners, provided that you have subscribed to the corresponding newsletters. When you subscribe to the newsletter, we collect and store the data you enter in the input mask (e.g. surname, first name, email address). Subscription to the newsletter is only possible with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. In order to optimise our offer, we also use recipient-related data to evaluate which contents of the newsletter are of particular interest to you. Within the framework of individual profiling, we record values such as the opening of certain contents or the click behaviour in the newsletter. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via the link at the end of the newsletter or directly via your user profile.
Whatsapp Messenger Service
We offer a WhatsApp Messenger service to keep you up to date on your chosen topics. To do this, we send messages through our WhatsApp account to the WhatsApp phone number you provide.
When you sign up for our WhatsApp Messenger service, we process the following personal data about you: name and surname, phone number (mobile), your and our messages sent in connection with the service, and communication usage data (date, time of messages). We process this personal data to send messages as part of our WhatsApp Messenger service. Legal basis concerning data protection regarding the processing is your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). You declare your consent by sending a start message to our WhatsApp number. An existing messaging account with WhatsApp is required to use this service.
The WhatsApp Messenger service is aimed at users who are at least 16 years old or whose legal guardians have given their consent. By registering, you confirm that you meet this condition.
We will send you messages via the WhatsApp Messenger Service from WhatsApp Ireland Limited (for users in the EU) or WhatsApp, Inc. (for other users). For more information about WhatsApp's processing of your personal data, please see WhatsApp's Privacy Statement, available at https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/#privacy-policy. WhatsApp, Inc. is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. For more information, visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TSnwAAG&status=Active. EU-US Privacy Shield is an EU accepted mechanism for transferring personal information from Europe to the United States.
To provide this service, we use the technical service provider Messenger People GmbH, Herzog-Heinrich-Str. 9, 80336 Munich, Germany, as the processor. This service provider enables us to send WhatsApp messages to multiple recipients without having to form a WhatsApp group. Users of our WhatsApp Messenger service will not see who the other participants of the WhatsApp Messenger service are.
You may unsubscribe from our WhatsApp Messenger Service at any time with future effect, for example, by sending us a WhatsApp message containing "STOPP". The legality of messages sent by us via the WhatsApp messenger service before un-subscription remains unaffected.
In addition, to have any information we hold about your registration and use of our WhatsApp Messenger Service removed, please send us a WhatsApp message with the text "DELETE ALL DATA" through WhatsApp. We will store your information only when required to do so by law.
Product recommendations by email
As an online customer, you will regularly receive product recommendations from us by email. You will receive these product recommendations regardless of whether you subscribed to the newsletter or not. For this purpose we will use the email address, which you provided during the purchase, to advertise our own products and/or services that are similar to those that you purchased from us in a previous order. You may opt out of receiving this product recommendation at any time by clicking the link at the end of the product recommendation or sending an email to datenschutz@fcbayern.com .
Flyers, catalogues and all advertising material sent by post
We will use your data for marketing purposes if we believe that we have offers that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of the use of your address information at any time by sending a written notification to FC Bayern München AG, Säbener Str. 51-57, 81547 Munich or by email to service@fcbayern.de. Once we have received your notification we will suspend any further mailing of marketing information immediately and we will also not forward the data to third parties for marketing purposes.
Contact form 
On our website you can enter personal data via a contact form. When you use the contact form, we collect and store the data that you provide to us
You enter in the input mask (e.g. surname, first name, email address). Nothing is passed on to third parties.
The legal basis for the processing in the case of consent is Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. If your request serves to prepare the conclusion of a contract, Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR is an additional legal basis.
We use the data exclusively in order to process and answer your inquiry.
Data transfer during an order and credit assessment
All data which you have made available to us during your order/registration will be stored by us and, insofar as this is necessary for the execution of the contract, we will pass it on to contractual partners within the framework of the order and registration, e.g. to the freight forwarder or the parcel deliverer who usually delivers our shipments to you. Our contract partners may exclusively use the data transmitted in this way to execute the order.
In justified cases (for example direct debit proceedings) we will exchange address and credit assessment information with credit service companies. The service providers can only access the personal information that is required to fulfil the relevant contract.
 
Cookies
Some of our services require the use of "cookies". Cookies are small quantities of data, which your Internet browser saves onto your computer. Cookies may store information about your visit to our website. For instance, as a result of this data, information may be displayed on the site that is tailored to your interests.
In the event of a permanent cookie (see our "stay logged in" button) your login information will be stored for 30 days on the device with which you last logged in successfully. Therefore, you must be careful when using public computers. Most browsers are set by default in such a way that they accept cookies. However, you can configure your browser so that it rejects cookies or requests prior confirmation from you before it stores cookies. The help function in the menu list of most web browsers explains to you how you prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how you can set your browser to alert you if you receive a new cookie. It also tells you how you can delete any previous cookies and how you can block all future cookies.
However, if you reject cookies you may not be able to use all of the features and functionalities of our site.
Web analytics and retargeting technologies
This website uses various web analysis programs and tools. These programs are used to collect data such as plugins, the browser, length of stay, language used, etc. for marketing and optimisation purposes, and to process and store this data so that the design of our services can meet your needs. User profiles and target group segments can be created from this data, which will be used for targeted marketing or information campaigns. The data collected during the website analysis will not be used without separate consent from the person concerned to identify the visitor to the website personally and will not be combined with the personal data of the anonymous profile.
For information on how to disable interest-based advertising for individual web analytics services, please see the "Opt-Out Options" section.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. Google will generally transfer and save the information created by the cookie about your use of this website to a server in the US. In the event that IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will, however, shorten your IP address beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will only be transferred to a Google service in the US and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of FC Bayern München AG, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services to website operators related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of the Google Analytics process will not be combined with other data from Google. You can prevent cookies from being stored by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that you will not be able to use all of the functions of the website if you do so.
We also use Google Analytics to evaluate data from AdWords and the double-click cookie for statistical purposes. If you do not want this, you can deactivate it via the Ad Preferences Manager (http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/?hl=en).
Further information on terms of use and data protection can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/en.html or under https://www.google.com/en/policies/. We would like to point out that on our website Google Analytics has been extended by the code "anonymizeIp" in order to guarantee an anonymous recording of IP addresses (known as IP masking).
Econda
In order to design and optimise this website according to your needs, econda GmbH uses solutions and technologies to collect and store anonymised data and to create user profiles from this data using pseudonyms. For this purpose, cookies can be used which enable the recognition of an Internet browser. However, user profiles are not combined with data about the bearer of the pseudonym without the express consent of the visitor. In particular, IP addresses are made unrecognisable immediately after receipt, so that it is not possible to assign usage profiles to IP addresses. The analysis of user behaviour is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a justified interest in the anonymous analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both his website and his advertising.
Google Conversion und Remarketing Tracking
This website uses the conversion and remarketing function. These are analysis services operated by Google Inc. ("Google").
If you access our website via a Google ad, Google Adwords automatically sets a conversion cookie, not us. This cookie loses its validity automatically after 30 days and does not serve your personal identification. Every Adwords customer, and therefore also ourselves, receives a different, individual cookie from Google. This means that cookies cannot be traced across the websites of different Adwords customers.
By setting this "Conversion Cookie", both Google and the respective Adwords customer, and therefore also ourselves, can see that, firstly, someone clicked on the respective advertisement and was thus redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag, and, secondly, how often she clicked on the respective advertisement again within 30 days. The information collected using the "Conversion Cookie" is used by Google to generate conversion statistics. Important for you: we only know the total number and frequency of users who clicked on the respective ad and were redirected to a website with a conversion tracking tag. However, we do not receive any information with which we could personally identify users.
The provider also uses the remarketing or "similar target group" function of Google Inc. ("Google") on the website. This feature enables the provider to target visitors to the website with targeted advertising by displaying personalised, interest-based ads for visitors to the provider's website when they visit other websites on the Google Display Network. Google uses what are known as cookies to carry out the analysis of website usage, which forms the basis for the creation of interest-related advertisements. For this purpose Google stores a small file with a numerical sequence in the browsers of the visitors to the website. This number is used to record visits to the website and anonymous data on the use of the website. There is no storage of personal data of the visitors to the website. The maximum storage time for this cookie is 540 days. If you subsequently visit another website on the Google Display Network, you will see advertisements that are highly likely to include previously viewed product and information areas. You can permanently deactivate the use of cookies by Google by following the link below and downloading and installing the plugin provided there: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin.
For more information about Google Conversion Tracking and Google Remarketing and Google's Privacy Policy, please visit http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/.
Bing Universial Event Tracking
This website uses the Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking, a conversion tracking service provided by Microsoft (Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA). This service enables us to track activities on our site if you access our website via a Bing ad. This is done by placing a cookie (small text file) on your device when you click on a Microsoft Bing Ads ad. Microsoft and ourselves learn, specifically, the total number of users who clicked on an ad and reached a previously defined target page. This data is stored by Microsoft for 180 days.
For more information about the usage and privacy policies for this product, please click here: https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement/
Criteo
Our website also uses the services of Criteo SA. Criteo's re-targeting technologies may use advertising IDs and cookies to show advertisements on partner websites, apps and emails to visitors to our site who are interested in our products. The display of these targeted product recommendations as personalised advertising banners on other websites takes place using an algorithm. This data is not used to personally identify the website visitor. The data collected is used to improve the offering.
For more information about the usage and privacy policies for this product, please click here: http://www.criteo.com/privacy  
M-pathy
On this website, session and interaction data of website visitors is recorded and stored by technologies provided by m-pathy GmbH (www.m-pathy.com). Mouse movements, clicks, scrolling, touch and multitouch gestures, and keyboard inputs are recorded anonymously in order to improve the content and user-friendliness of the respective website. m-pathy uses cookies to identify a visitor's browser and to analyse the use of this website. This cookie does not collect any personal data and cannot be linked to your account.
Akanoo
We use Akanoo, a web analysis service of Akanoo GmbH, Mittelweg 121, 20148 Hamburg, within the scope of our legitimate interests in the analysis, optimisation and economic operation of our online services pursuant to Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Akanoo uses cookies, which are stored on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by Akanoo cookies is transferred to a server of Akanoo GmbH in Germany and stored there. Akanoo uses this information on our behalf in order to learn and evaluate your visitor behaviour by means of an anonymous user profile on the website and to provide us with further analysis and optimisation services related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser to Akanoo is shortened before it is stored so that it is not possible to directly identify a specific person. Your anonymous user profile will never be merged with your personal data. A deletion takes place as soon as the underlying purpose of the legitimate interest ceases to apply and there are no legal storage obligations to the contrary.
Further use of personal data by Akanoo does not take place due to anonymisation and the resulting loss of any personal reference.
You may terminate the further collection by Akanoo GmbH of the data generated by Akanoo cookies and related to your use of the website and the processing of this data by Akanoo GmbH at any time by removing the stored cookie in the settings of your browser software. You can prevent Akanoo cookies from being saved by setting your browser software accordingly ("Do-Not-Track").
If you have several browsers in use, you must make the setting in each browser separately. However, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of the website to their full extent.
Facebook Conversion Tracking
To make potential users and customers aware of our online offers, we use the online advertising program "Facebook Advertising" and, within the framework of Facebook Advertising, conversion tracking, an analysis service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). Facebook sets a cookie on your computer ("conversion cookie") if you have reached our website via a Facebook ad. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If you visit certain pages from us and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Facebook can see that someone clicked on the ad and was redirected to our page and carried out an action there. The information collected using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics. We learn the total number of users who clicked on each ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, we do not receive information that personally identifies users. If you do not wish to participate in the tracking procedure, you can also refuse to set a cookie as required for this purpose – for example by setting your browser to deactivate the automatic setting of cookies in general. Further information about the opt-out options of Facebook Conversion Tracking can be found in the Opt-Out options section.
Facebook Retargeting Pixel
This website uses the service "Custom Audience via your Website" of Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, 94025 Menlo Park, USA or, if you are resident in the EU, of Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook") due to our legitimate interest in the analysis, optimisation and economic operation of our online services. This serves the purpose of displaying interest-based advertisements to visitors to our website as part of their visit to social networks Facebook and Instagram. For this purpose, the remarketing function of Facebook has been implemented on our website using a pixel. This pixel is used to establish a direct connection to the Facebook servers when you visit our website. This information is transmitted to the Facebook server that you have visited our website and Facebook assigns this information to your personal Facebook user account as soon as you log in to Facebook or visit Facebook when logged in. On this basis, Facebook provides us with reports on the performance and reach of our advertising campaigns. The data collected about you does not allow us to draw any conclusions about your identity as a user. For more information about Facebook's collection and use of this information and about your rights and choices in protecting your privacy, please see Facebook's Privacy Notice at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ . You refuse interest-based advertising on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#_=_. You must be logged in to Facebook to do this.
You can prevent the "Custom Audiences" function and the associated transmission of your data to Facebook for our website by setting the Opt-Out Facebook cookie under the Opt-Out options.
Please note that deactivation only applies to the device and browser on which you activated the link. Should you open our site from another device or with another browser, you will have to click the link again.
Opt-Out Options
You may object to the above programs/uses. To be able to use this objection function, cookies must be activated on your internet browser.
If you do not wish to participate in the various tracking procedures, you can refuse to set a cookie as required for this purpose – for example, by setting your browser to generally deactivate the automatic setting of cookies. Please keep in mind that the complete deactivation of the setting of cookies may lead to the website no longer being displayed correctly.
Alternatively, you can deactivate the use of interest-related advertising on the following pages: 
