
Skinnyski.com, owner and operator of this Web site, is
firmly committed to respecting the privacy of our viewers
(people who visit and/or use the site). The following policy
explains how your personal information will be treated. Please
check back periodically, as this policy may change from time to
time.

Use of IP Address 


We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our
server, administer our Web site, and improve the information
and services offered.


Use of Cookies 


Our site may use cookies to track
visitor retention information, and for other purposes.


Survey and Contests Information 


Our online surveys and contests may ask viewers for contact
information (like e-mail address) and demographic information
(like zip code, age, etc.). We will use the contact
information to reach the viewer that is a contest winner.
We do not disclose your personally identifiable information
to third parties. You may choose to tell us that you do not wish
to have your information used as a basis for further contact
with you, and we will respect your wishes; you may also update
your personal information in our database.


If you want to update your information, send e-mail to


[you need to turn Javascript on to see our email address]

with the information you
wish to update in the body of the message. 


Summaries and aggregations of profile data collected on contest
entry forms, surveys, etc. are sometimes shared with advertisers
and other partners (see below).


Site Visit Information


We gather information on site activity, such as how many
viewers access the site, the pages they visit, etc. We use this
information on an aggregate, anonymous basis, to improve site
content. We also may disclose aggregated information (for
example, X% of our viewers visit the field reports section)
to third parties.


Newsletter Information

We do not sell or distribute the set of e-mail addresses we use for
our e-mail newsletter.  If you want to be removed from our e-mail newsletter,
simply write us at 

and inform us of your desired to
be removed.

Questions regarding this policy should be directed to


  
