
We collect personal information from you, for example, if you register for an event, request information, purchase or use our Services, or request customer support. We may ask you to provide information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, user name and password, and information about your device. Not all of the personal information Thomson Reuters holds about you will always come directly from you. It may, for example, come from your employer, other organizations to which you belong, or a professional service provider such as your tax or accounting professional or attorney, if they use our Services. We also collect personal information from third parties such as our partners, service providers, and publicly available websites, to offer Services we think may be of interest and to help us maintain data accuracy and provide and enhance the Services.

In addition, our servers, logs, and other technologies automatically collect certain information to help us administer, protect, and improve our Services; analyze usage; and improve users’ experience. We share personal information with others only as described in this Statement, or when we believe that the law permits or requires it.
Occasionally we collect and process what may be considered sensitive personal information.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is generally defined as any information related to racial/ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, other medical information including biometric and genetic data, or sexual life or preferences. In some instances, sensitive personal information may also include criminal allegations or convictions, precise geolocation information, financial and bank account numbers, or unique identifiers such as government-issued social security numbers, driver’s license, and passport numbers.
For example, if you purchase something from us or subscribe to our Services, we will collect payment information, such as financial or bank card information, and other information necessary for us to process the transaction. If you or your service professional uses our Tax & Accounting Services, we will collect and process financial and tax information. Some of our Services will ask you to share your precise geolocation so we can customize your experience and increase the accuracy of the Service. We may also collect information such as a government-issued identification number if you use our eRecruitment Services to apply for employment. Information that is considered sensitive under applicable law will be handled in accordance with such laws.

