

DISCLAIMERS

General Website Disclaimer
	Information, services and/or other features contained in this website are being provided for general educational and informational purposes only and are not intended to be a substitute for independent medical judgment or constitute case-specific medical advice or treatment in any way. Such information, services and/or features are not intended to serve as the primary basis for making personal or professional medical decisions, nor are they intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider prior to making any treatment or diagnosis decisions. You should confirm any information obtained from this site with other sources before undertaking any treatment or otherwise taking any actions relating thereto. Any reliance on any information, services or other features contained in this site is solely at your own risk.

	The American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology (AAAAI) intends that the information contained in this site to be accurate. However, errors sometimes occur. Therefore, the AAAAI disclaims any warranty of any kind, whether expressed or implied, as to any matter whatsoever relating to this service, including without limitation merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. In no event shall the AAAAI be liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of any use of or reliance on any content or materials contained herein.

	The AAAAI does not assume and hereby disclaims any and all liability to any person or entity for any claims, damages, liability or other loss including, without limitation, any liability for injury or other damage resulting from any use of or reliance on this service or from the posting of any content or material by any third party. No use of, or reliance on, any materials included in this site shall be deemed to give rise to a physician-patient relationship. No material included in this site shall be deemed to present the only or necessarily the best method or procedure with respect to a matter discussed on this service; rather, any such material shall be acknowledged as only the approach or opinion of the discussant. The users assumes all risks of using the materials included in this site.

Drug Guide Disclaimer
	The AAAAI Drug Guide is provided to the public and professionals to list medications available for a variety of allergic conditions. The Guide is for educational and informational purposes only. It is provided solely on an "as is" basis and any use or reliance on the information contained in the Guide is solely at the user's risk. The Guide is not intended to serve as the primary basis for making medical decisions.

Find an Allergist / Immunologist Disclaimer
	The AAAAI Find an Allergist / Immunologist Directory and database is offered as a service to the membership and the community. Listing does not constitute endorsement by AAAAI, its board or its officers. Content of the listings are provided by and represented as accurate by the listed individuals. The content and format of the AAAAI's Find an Allergist / Immunologist is the property of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology and may not be copied or duplicated for the purpose of sale or other commercial use.

	The Find an Allergist / Immunologist Directory and database is provided without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose or any other statutory or common law warranties. The AAAAI is not recommending any particular individual for any specific purpose. The AAAAI is not participating in any contractual arrangement between the user and the member. No warranty is made that the service will be uninterrupted or error free.

	The AAAAI may make changes to the data and program from time to time at AAAAI's discretion and without notice to users. Further, this disclaimer may change as the AAAAI sees fit and without prior notice to users.

	Information contained is general information for the education of the user and is not case specific medical advice.

	Information in the database concerning the members of the AAAAI has been supplied by the members, and while AAAAI has attempted to verify the major points in the database, AAAAI is not certifying any of the information.

Immunotherapy and Skin Test Forms Disclaimer
	By viewing the AAAAI Immunotherapy and Skin Test Forms ("Forms") you agree to the following terms ("Terms") governing use of the Forms, plus any additional terms and conditions posted at specific portions of the website. Access by you to the Forms and all related pages is conditioned upon your acceptance of the following terms:

	   1. Access. The AAAAI grants to you a non-exclusive, revocable license to use the materials and information on this Site solely for your professional practice in accordance with the Terms herein. You are responsible for your acts or omissions in your use of the Site and for any damages incurred by you or anyone else as a result thereof.
	   2. Purpose. The website and its content are being provided for educational and informational purposes only, and are not intended to be a substitute for your independent medical judgment or constitute medical advice or treatment in any way. The content posted on the site is not intended to serve as the primary basis for making professional medical decisions. As with all clinical reference resources, the content on the site reflects medical science, protocols and/or procedures at the time of its development, but the content should be used with the clear understanding that continued research or practice may result in new knowledge or recommendations. Therefore, you should confirm the information on the site with other sources before undertaking any treatment or otherwise taking any actions related to or in reliance on such information. Your reliance upon any content within the Site is solely at your own risk.
	   3. Disclaimer. The site is provided "as is." Neither the AAAAI nor its affiliated entities make any representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, as to any matter whatsoever relating to the Site and/or its content. In no event will we be liable in any way for any decision made, or action taken by you or anyone else, in reliance upon the information contained on or provided through the Site.
	   4. Damages. Under no circumstances will AAAAI be responsible or liable for any damages of any kind or nature that result, or relate in any way to your use of this site or any content herein, including, without limitation, any direct, compensatory, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary or punitive damages, regardless of whether AAAAI has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

COPYRIGHT PROPRIETARY NOTICES

	"AMERICAN ACADEMY OF ALLERGY, ASTHMA & IMMUNOLOGY", "AAAAI", and the AAAAI logo are trademarks of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology ("AAAAI"). Use of these marks in commerce other than as "fair use" is prohibited by law except by obtaining the express written permission of the AAAAI.

General Copyright Policy

	Copyrights to the materials included in this website are owned solely by the AAAAI, except for materials which are created by others (or the copyright to which is otherwise owned by others) and for which a copyright notice is posted adjacent to such content or materials. The copyright to each item of material created or otherwise owned by another is owned by such creator or other owner. None of the materials included in this site may be reproduced in any form without the express written permission of the AAAAI, the creator or other owner, as the case may be. In this regard, the graphic images and layout of this site are the exclusive property of the AAAAI and may not be copied, distributed or displayed except using an HTML browser or as otherwise stated herein, without the expressed written permission of the AAAAI. For general copyright permission requests submit here.

Visit our copyright policies for live events and for enduring materials.

Social Media Guidelines

