
Privacy Notice
BY USING OR ACCESSING OUR WEBSITES OR BY PROVIDING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US ON OR THROUGH OUR WEBSITES, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF THAT INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
 
General
This Privacy Notice sets forth the privacy practices and policies of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology and all of its affiliates ("AAAAI," "us," or "we"). AAAAI is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and helping you make the most of your time on the Internet within a trusted environment. This AAAAI Privacy Notice ("Privacy Notice") governs our data collection, usage and services and applies to the following websites: www.aaaai.org, education.aaaai.org/, annualmeeting.aaaai.org/ and www.aaaaifoundation.org.

This Privacy Notice discloses how we collect, protect, use and share personal information gathered about you on our websites. "Personal information", is any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to you.

If you use our websites, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the processes and policies referred to in this Privacy Notice. We hope that this disclosure will help increase your confidence in our websites and enhance your experience on the Internet.

For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the "GDPR"), the "data controller" is the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology registered in Wisconsin, USA with a registered address at 555 E Wells Street, Suite 1100, Milwaukee, WI 53202.
 
Please read our Privacy Notice to understand:
Information We Collect
Site Use Information
Use of Cookies
Information You Provide to Us
Social Networking Activities
Financial Transactions
How We Use Your Personal Information
Opting Out of Communications
Disclosing Information to Third Parties
Security
Links to Other Websites
Child Privacy
Access from Outside the United States
How Long We Store Your Personal Information
Your European Privacy Rights
Governing Law
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Contact
 
Information We Collect
The following information describes the types of personal and other information we may collect about you, and how we use and maintain that information.
 
Site Use Information
Our web servers collect technical information relating to visitors to our websites, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.

We may also collect information about your visit, including pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.

This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on a website, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our websites and to improve the content we offer. We may share with third parties’ anonymized experiential information or other data on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.
 
Use of Cookies
Like most websites, we employ "cookies" or similar technologies on certain pages of our websites. Cookies make the use of our websites easier by, among other things, saving your preferences. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them contact webeditors@aaaai.org.
 
Information You Provide to Us
By providing personal information through our websites, you explicitly agree to our collection and use of that information as described in this Privacy Notice.

We may collect and process the following personal information:
Contact information, which you provide when corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you interact with the website in ways including but not limited to participating in online surveys, registering for meetings, participating in conference programs, and submitting information, including on any AAAAI web-based forms. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial information and/or credit card information.

Profile information, provided when you utilize some portions of our websites. We may require that you register and provide us with your contact information and generate a password. This registration information may be used, for example, for identification purposes, to communicate with you regarding your account with us or to facilitate the functioning of our websites. If you provide us with a telephone number, you expressly agree that we, or our authorized agents, can use that number to contact you about your account. If you provide us with your email address, you agree that we, or our authorized agents, can send you emails about your account.

Membership information, about your membership with AAAAI including your name, contact details such as address, phone number and email address (business or personal), job title, government identification numbers (e.g. NPI or Nursing License Number, etc. ), year of admission and any other information related to your membership. Membership information may be provided by you during the registration process, or by your employer on your behalf.

Purchase information, relating to purchases made by members and non-members. Purchases may include event registration, books,   and journal subscriptions either in-person or via our website. Purchase information will include partial financial information (credit card type and last four digits of the card number) as well as information concerning the item purchased and time of the purchase.

Peer review information, relating to peer review programs conducted.  This may include personal information including affiliation and email address.

Credentialing/Accreditation information, relating to credentialing/accrediting programs, in which members are granted certification/accreditation if they meet specific educational/employment experience requirements and/or pass an exam. This may include extensive information about the experience/performance of those certified or accredited. Where the certification concerns institutions or businesses, this may include similar information identifying employees and other members of staff.

Third party information. Should you provide any personal data relating to third parties you confirm that you have the permission of such third party to do so.
 
Social Networking Activities
Our websites include the ability for you and other users to link to social networking websites. As a result, we receive information about you when you choose to post or otherwise share information about our websites on these social networking websites. We may use such information about you in a variety of ways, including to administer a website and enhance your experience with a website and to communicate with you about a website and new offerings or activities associated with the website.
 
Financial Transactions
When you engage in any financial transaction through our websites, you will be asked to provide certain financial information, such as your credit card and billing address.  Financial information is used to bill the user for products and services and then is deleted from our records in compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
 
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information according to the terms of the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of our use. We will only process your personal information, including sharing it with third parties, where (1) you have provided your consent which can be withdrawn at any time, (2) the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party (including your membership agreement with us), (3) we are required by law, (4) processing is required to protect your vital interests or those of another person, or (5) processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate business interests, provided your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.

We use personal information for the following purposes:
Site Use Information - we will use this information:

 to administer our websites and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
 to improve our website to ensure that content is presented most effectively for you and your computer;
as part of our efforts to keep our websites safe and secure;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our website about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information you provide to us - we will use this information:
	
to carry out our obligations arising from your membership and any other agreement entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to update and renew your membership as required;
to arrange and deliver conferences, events and programming relevant to your specialist area and topics of interest;
to respond to your questions and provide related membership services;
to provide you with information about other events, books, reports, journals or newsletter subscriptions we offer that are similar to those that you have already requested, provided you have not opted-out of receiving that information;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about other events, books, reports, journals or newsletter subscriptions we feel may interest you, provided you have given your consent; and
to notify you about changes to our membership or related services.
to engage members in advocacy campaigns.



 
Opting Out of Communications
If you no longer want to receive emails from AAAAI on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving emails by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email you receive. Additionally you may opt out of postal mailings by contacting the info@aaaai.org. If you are having difficulty unsubscribing using the above methods, please contact us directly at the email or phone number listed below under Contact.

Please allow ample time for us to process your request. However, please note that even if you opt-out of receiving emails, we will send you service-related communications (such as your membership) and may need to keep the information we have collected about you for record-keeping, research and other purposes.
 
Disclosing Information to Third Parties
We will not share, rent, sell or otherwise disclose any of the personal information that we collect about you through our websites, except in any of the following situations:

• You request or authorize the release of your personal information.

• We may disclose information that we collect about you to our third-party contractors and payment processors who perform services for us in connection with the websites or to complete or confirm a transaction or series of transactions that you conduct with us. We may also disclose information to service providers or suppliers if the disclosure enables that party to perform business, professional or technical support for us.

• We may provide your information to our partners and sponsors, so as to provide access to benefits and communicate important information about them that you have requested. We may also provide such information to other select third parties approved by AAAAI as offering products or services relevant and useful to you, where you have provided your consent to this transfer.

 For example, we may give exhibitors the names and mail addresses of pre-registrants to our Annual Meeting and Practice Management Workshop, The use by and/or content of communications from any third party will be pre-approved by AAAAI. To update your postal mailing preferences contact the info@aaaai.org.


• We may disclose information about you as part of a merger, acquisition or other sale or transfer of the assets or business of AAAAI. We do not guarantee that any entity receiving such information in connection with one of these transactions will comply with all terms of this Privacy Notice.

• We may disclose information about you to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection). We reserve the right to release information that we collect to law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole and absolute discretion, deem necessary or appropriate.

• We may share aggregated or anonymous information that cannot identify you with third parties. For example, we may disclose the number of visitors to our websites or the number of people who have downloaded a particular document.

We will only transfer your personal information to trusted third-parties who provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and who can demonstrate a commitment to compliance with those measures.
 
Security
To help protect the privacy of data you transmit through our websites, where personal information is requested, we use technology designed to encrypt the information that you input before it is sent to us. In addition, we take steps to protect the user data we collect against unauthorized access. However, you should keep in mind that the websites are run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond our control.

Please also be aware that despite our best intentions and the guidelines outlined in this Privacy Notice, no data transmission over the Internet or encryption method can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

While we take steps to protect your personal information and keep it secure, you also play a role in protecting your information. You can help to maintain the security of your online transactions by not sharing your account information and password with anyone. AAAAI cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or from our websites, and therefore you use our websites at your own risk.
 
Links to Other Websites
Our websites may contain links to other websites. However, this Privacy Notice only addresses AAAAI's use and disclosure of your information collected on our websites, if any. While we try to link only to websites that share our standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or the content of linked websites. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such parties or websites.

Child Privacy
We will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from any child under the age of 18. It is not our intention to collect personal information from anyone under 18 years of age. If we become aware that we have collected any personal information from children under the age of 18, we will promptly delete such information from our databases.
 
Access from Outside the United States
If you access the website from outside of the United States, information that we collect about you will be transferred to servers inside the United States, which may involve the transfer of information out of countries located in the European Economic Area. By allowing us to collect information about you, you consent to such transfer and processing of your data.
 
How Long We Store Your Personal Information
We will only retain your personal information, in a form which permits us to identify you, for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to satisfy any legal, accounting or reporting requirements, to resolve disputes or to enforce our agreements and rights. In line with this notice, we will either securely delete or anonymize your personal information so that it cannot be linked back to you.

AAAAI serves as an "organization of record" for countless thousands of professionals pursuing academic, research and/or clinical careers in the fields of allergy and immunology. Individuals' activities with the AAAAI (membership, publishing or contributing to a journal article or other publication, speaking at or attending a conference, receiving a scholarship or research award, etc.), even if they occur many years previously, can have a significant impact on their careers. Likewise, individuals' contributions can have a significant, long-term impact on their respective fields of professional endeavor. As such, personal information of individuals that interact with the Society is retained for an indefinite period of time in order for the AAAAI to maintain this "organization of record" status.
 
Governing Law
By choosing to visit our websites or provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Notice will be governed by the law of the State of Wisconsin. You also agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in our Terms of Use, or other agreement that we have with you.
 
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may occasionally amend this Privacy Notice to reflect company and customer feedback, and we reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice at any time. The use of your information is subject to the Privacy Notice and Terms of Use in effect at the time of use. The provisions contained in this Privacy Notice supersede all previous notices or policies regarding our privacy practices with respect to our websites. Please check the "Last Updated" legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Notice was last revised. We encourage you to check frequently to see the current Privacy Notice to be informed of how AAAAI is committed to protecting your information and providing you with improved content on our websites in order to enhance your experience.
 
Contact
If you have any questions or comments regarding our Privacy Notice or our Websites, please contact us at info@aaaai.org, by phone at 414-272-6071 or send a letter to:
 
American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology
555 E Wells Street
Suite 1100
Milwaukee, WI 53202

This Privacy Notice may be changed at any time without notice. By using our website, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use.

Last Reviewed: October 30, 2018

 
General Website Disclaimer
Information, services and/or other features contained in this website are being provided for general educational and informational purposes only and are not intended to be a substitute for independent medical judgment or constitute case-specific medical advice or treatment in any way. Such information, services and/or features are not intended to serve as the primary basis for making personal or professional medical decisions, nor are they intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider prior to making any treatment or diagnosis decisions. You should confirm any information obtained from this site with other sources before undertaking any treatment or otherwise taking any actions relating thereto. Any reliance on any information, services or other features contained in this site is solely at your own risk.
The American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology (AAAAI) intends that the information contained in this site to be accurate. However, errors sometimes occur. Therefore, the AAAAI disclaims any warranty of any kind, whether expressed or implied, as to any matter whatsoever relating to this service, including without limitation merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. In no event shall the AAAAI be liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of any use of or reliance on any content or materials contained herein.
The AAAAI does not assume and hereby disclaims any and all liability to any person or entity for any claims, damages, liability or other loss including, without limitation, any liability for injury or other damage resulting from any use of or reliance on this service or from the posting of any content or material by any third party. No use of, or reliance on, any materials included in this site shall be deemed to give rise to a physician-patient relationship. No material included in this site shall be deemed to present the only or necessarily the best method or procedure with respect to a matter discussed on this service; rather, any such material shall be acknowledged as only the approach or opinion of the discussant. The users assumes all risks of using the materials included in this site.
 
Drug Guide Disclaimer
The AAAAI Drug Guide is provided to the public and professionals to list medications available for a variety of allergic conditions. The Guide is for educational and informational purposes only. It is provided solely on an "as is" basis and any use or reliance on the information contained in the Guide is solely at the user's risk. The Guide is not intended to serve as the primary basis for making medical decisions.
 
Find an Allergist / Immunologist Disclaimer
The AAAAI Find an Allergist / Immunologist Directory and database is offered as a service to the membership and the community. Listing does not constitute endorsement by AAAAI, its board or its officers. Content of the listings are provided by and represented as accurate by the listed individuals. The content and format of the AAAAI's Find an Allergist / Immunologist is the property of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology and may not be copied or duplicated for the purpose of sale or other commercial use.
The Find an Allergist / Immunologist Directory and database is provided without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose or any other statutory or common law warranties. The AAAAI is not recommending any particular individual for any specific purpose. The AAAAI is not participating in any contractual arrangement between the user and the member. No warranty is made that the service will be uninterrupted or error free.
The AAAAI may make changes to the data and program from time to time at AAAAI's discretion and without notice to users. Further, this disclaimer may change as the AAAAI sees fit and without prior notice to users.
Information contained is general information for the education of the user and is not case specific medical advice.
Information in the database concerning the members of the AAAAI has been supplied by the members, and while AAAAI has attempted to verify the major points in the database, AAAAI is not certifying any of the information.
 
Immunotherapy and Skin Test Forms Disclaimer
By viewing the AAAAI Immunotherapy and Skin Test Forms ("Forms") you agree to the following terms ("Terms") governing use of the Forms, plus any additional terms and conditions posted at specific portions of the website. Access by you to the Forms and all related pages is conditioned upon your acceptance of the following terms:
   1. Access. The AAAAI grants to you a non-exclusive, revocable license to use the materials and information on this Site solely for your professional practice in accordance with the Terms herein. You are responsible for your acts or omissions in your use of the Site and for any damages incurred by you or anyone else as a result thereof.
   2. Purpose. The website and its content are being provided for educational and informational purposes only, and are not intended to be a substitute for your independent medical judgment or constitute medical advice or treatment in any way. The content posted on the site is not intended to serve as the primary basis for making professional medical decisions. As with all clinical reference resources, the content on the site reflects medical science, protocols and/or procedures at the time of its development, but the content should be used with the clear understanding that continued research or practice may result in new knowledge or recommendations. Therefore, you should confirm the information on the site with other sources before undertaking any treatment or otherwise taking any actions related to or in reliance on such information. Your reliance upon any content within the Site is solely at your own risk.
   3. Disclaimer. The site is provided "as is." Neither the AAAAI nor its affiliated entities make any representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, as to any matter whatsoever relating to the Site and/or its content. In no event will we be liable in any way for any decision made, or action taken by you or anyone else, in reliance upon the information contained on or provided through the Site.
   4. Damages. Under no circumstances will AAAAI be responsible or liable for any damages of any kind or nature that result, or relate in any way to your use of this site or any content herein, including, without limitation, any direct, compensatory, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary or punitive damages, regardless of whether AAAAI has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
 
COPYRIGHT PROPRIETARY NOTICES
"AMERICAN ACADEMY OF ALLERGY, ASTHMA & IMMUNOLOGY", "AAAAI", and the AAAAI logo are trademarks of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology ("AAAAI"). Use of these marks in commerce other than as "fair use" is prohibited by law except by obtaining the express written permission of the AAAAI.
 
General Copyright Policy
Copyrights to the materials included in this website are owned solely by the AAAAI, except for materials which are created by others (or the copyright to which is otherwise owned by others) and for which a copyright notice is posted adjacent to such content or materials. The copyright to each item of material created or otherwise owned by another is owned by such creator or other owner. None of the materials included in this site may be reproduced in any form without the express written permission of the AAAAI, the creator or other owner, as the case may be. In this regard, the graphic images and layout of this site are the exclusive property of the AAAAI and may not be copied, distributed or displayed except using an HTML browser or as otherwise stated herein, without the expressed written permission of the AAAAI. For general copyright permission requests submit here.
Visit our copyright policies for live events and for enduring materials.
Social Media Guidelines

