
DATA PRIVACY POLICY
In accordance with the Law No. 6698 on Protection of Personal Data, as TURKUVAZ HABERLEŞME VE YAYINCILIK A.Ş. ("TURKUVAZ"), we have shown the utmost concern for the safety of your personal data. We would like to inform you within the scope of the Law on Protection of Personal Data.
YOUR PERSONAL DATA;
In accordance with The Law on Protection of Personal Data, "any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person" is personal data. In this context, on the condition of not being confined to this census, in order to provide you with better service, to do statistical studies, to carry out our advertising and marketing activities; all kinds of personal information, which is defined directly or indirectly with your personality, especially your name, surname, gender, date of birth and birth place, phone number, picture, image and sound recordings, IP address, e-mail address, personal information on social media accounts in case you are connected via those channels, will be stored by us under the Law on Protection of Personal Data as personal data.
WHO YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL BE SHARED WITH;
Your collected personal data may be transferred to our business partners, suppliers, group companies, shareholders, legally authorized public authorities and private persons within the scope of the personal data processing requirements and purposes set forth in Articles 8 and 9 of the Law on Protection of Personal Data for the purposes of providing you with the products and services offered by TURKUVAZ and the group companies that TURKUVAZ is directly or indirectly affiliated with, getting acquainted with our customers and audiences, understanding your preferences and usage habits in the fields we operate, conducting relevant research and informing you about them, shaping our marketing and advertising works, determining our company strategy, and ensuring the implementation of TURKUVAZ's human resources policies.
THE METHOD OF COLLECTING YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND ITS LEGAL REASON;
Your personal data will be collected with the declaration and approval you provide through any written, oral or electronic environments and will be processed in accordance with the requirements listed in Articles 5 and 6 of the Law on Protection of Personal Data.
YOUR RIGHTS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA;
You have the right,

To learn whether the personal data has been processed,
To request information about personal data if it has been processed,
To learn the purpose of processing personal data and whether they are used appropriately for their purpose,
To know the third parties to whom personal data are transferred in Turkey or abroad,
To request the correction of personal data if it is incomplete or incorrectly processed,
To request the deletion or destruction of personal data within the framework of the provisions of the Law on Protection of Personal Data,
To request that third parties be informed about the actions taken when requesting the correction or deletion of personal data,
To object to the emergence of an adverse outcome through the analysis of processed data exclusively through automatic systems,
To request the recovery of the losses in the event of sustaining a loss due to the unlawful processing of personal data,

by applying to TURKUVAZ in accordance with Article 11 of the Law on Protection of Personal Data.
THE USE OF COOKIES; 
Cookies are the identification files downloaded by your web browser in your computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc. when you visit our website or use our mobile application. In order to provide you with a better service, we may store your browsing information on our site and share it with third parties by being subject to the terms of use of Your Personal Data. There are two kinds of cookies; persistent cookie and session cookie. A persistent cookie is created when you visit our website and is stored until the validity period expires. The session cookie is created during your visit to our website and remains active for the duration of your visit. It is later erased when you close the web browser.
If you do not want cookies to be stored in your computer, you can change your cookie preferences from your browser's settings. Cookie management settings vary from browser to browser, and detailed information about cookies can be found under the help menu of modern web browsers.
PERMISSION TEXT FOR COMMUNICATION OF PERSONAL DATA
With this text, you have allowed your personal information you have shared such as your name, surname, age, gender, marital status, education level, interests, habit-preferences of written and visual press sources, tastes and likes, billing contents, mobile phone number, e-mail address, IP address, residential address and credit card information to be collected; to be subject to acquisition by means of automatic/non-automatic methods, recording in written/magnetic archives both domestically and abroad within the time to be foreseen to not exceed the statutory maximum periods, storing, conserving, making them obtainable, using, updating, changing, merging, re-arranging, classifying, explaining, sharing (domestically and abroad), transferring and other processing in order to provide you with various advantages, to send all kinds of communication messages for sales, marketing and similar purposes and to create statistical information; and for the same purposes, to be shared with the entire Turkuvaz Media Group. (*)
This personal data will be shared with 3rd parties/institutions in compliance with the provisions of the relevant legislation in order to inform you for sales and marketing purposes and to ensure that your potential posts are delivered in a healthy manner and that your notifications and products can be delivered on time by telephone, SMS and/or e-mail and cargo in cases where it is necessary or obligatory for legally legitimate interests on the grounds that the personal rights and freedoms are not harmed.
If it is legally obligatory, you may also be asked for your permission for some implementations. Your personal data can be deleted, destroyed or anonymized at your request following your application to Turkuvaz Haberleşme ve Yayıncılık A.Ş. In response to your application, your request will be fulfilled by the maximum legal time.
(*) You can obtain general information about Turkuvaz Media Group companies at http://www.turkuvazyayin.com.tr/.
 

