Privacy policyImportant: The text written in italics is a non-binding, non-legalistic translation of the official and binding text. If you're not a lawyer, this should be helpful.
CookiesSunshine Profits uses Google Analytics in order to gather statistics on portions of its web site. We will use the information gathered to improve the quality of our services. Google Analytics employs cookies to define user sessions, which allows for the collection of important data about how our visitors use our website. Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies for data analysis. This means that the cookies are linked to our website, and Google Analytics will only use that cookie data for statistical analysis related to your browsing behavior on Sunshine Profits’ website. According to Google, the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google's web site.Additionally, we have also contracted with a number of advertising network partners to monitor certain pages of our website and RSS feeds for the purpose of reporting website and RSS traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs', and/or other activities on our website. Where authorized by us, these advertising network partners may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to these network partners. For more information about how the information is collected and used, please see the following:  Quantcast's privacy policy at http://www.quantcast.com/privacy  Yahoo!'s privacy policy at http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahooThird parties and web sites that have links on our site may also collect or use information about you. The information practices of other companies or people that Sunshine Profits does not employ or manage are not covered by this privacy statement.In other words: Just like probably the vast majority of the websites on the Internet, we use "cookies" to collect information on our visitors in order to make our website faster and more useful. The information collected don't allow us to track anyone individually - we just get the overall statistics like "20% of visitors used Internet Explorer to view this website". We won't be able to tell what you or anyone specifically had done on our website, so we think its ok. Interest-Based Advertising PolicySunshine Profits uses remarketing with Google AdWords and Analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented. Sunshine Profits and other third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on visitor’s past visits to our website.Under the Google Interest Based Advertising Program Google will to enable Sunshine Profits to serve advertisements to Users (i) who are on Sunshine Profits’ User Lists and (ii) based on Google-defined interest-categories. Using cookies, Sunshine Profits may remarket using your session information. Remarketing is a way for Sunshine Profits to connect with users, based upon their past interactions with the Sunshine Profits. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show Sunshine Profits ads on sites on the Internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies (3rd party) to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to Sunshine Profits’ website. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. You can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Sunshine Profits may use Teracent cookies or DoubleClick’s remarketing pixels. You can visit the following pages to opt out of these types of cookies: http://www.teracent.com/about-us/opt-out/https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/blocked-cookies.htmlhttp://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspYou can also choose to opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. For more information on Google Analytics, AdWords, please visit Google's website.In other words: We will also collaborate with third parties to analyze the data easier and to show you ads that can better suit your interests. You can disable this feature.Interest-Based Advertising Policy Definitions"User" means a unique instance of a Web browser.   "User Cookie" means a DoubleClick DART cookie or a Teracent cookie associated with a User.  "User Lists" means a list of User Cookies created or otherwise obtained by Company and used in connection with the Google Display Network, which is referred to in the user interface as "remarketing lists."  "Web Properties" means properties or content on the Google Display Network and all other Google properties or content that uses the User Cookie.You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual through the above-mentioned programs, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.
E-mailAt Sunshine Profits we honor the trust you put in us by providing us with your e-mail address.We place the highest value on your privacy and pledge not to disclose any information you give us, to absolutely any third party. You can rest assured that your personal information is safe with us, as we DO NOT and WILL NOT sell, rent, lend or disclose it in any other way.We truly appreciate and are delighted when other websites really respect our privacy. Therefore we vow to treat your private information with the same care and respect, as we would like other websites to treat our own.If you choose to subscribe to our Premium Service we will use provided information to complete your orders, and to address messages to you. This means putting your first name at the beginning of the message.The information (excluding credit card information) that you provide to us is stored securely in our databases. The e-mails that you should expect to receive from us are Market Updates (html formatted), e-mail alerts, payment receipts, information regarding status of your order, and e-mails informing you that you were granted a bonus. These e-mails may include instructions and/or information about our commercial services. You can expect to receive two-four messages in the first two days after you subscribe (including the e-mail confirmation message, confirmation that your account has been created, and a receipt), and then a Market Update one to three times a week.If you decide not to receive ANY messages from us, including those sent exclusively to the Premium Service members, you can unsubscribe in several ways. The easiest way is to click on the "stop receiving these messages" link in one of the e-mails that you received from us. It is located on the bottom of the message. You can also log in to you account using the "My account / Log in" link, check the "Unsubscribe from all e-mail messages" box, and click the "Update subscriptions" button.In other words: We will not spam you and we will not sell / rent etc. the details that you give us in the registration form and on the profile pages (including your e-mail address). You can always choose to unsubscribe from our mailing list. Please note that it will unsubscribe you also from our premium messages in case you are signed up for our Premium Service. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questionsWe may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on our website. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on this website. Additionally, we will notify you by e-mail. You may contact us using the "Contact us" section or by e-mail: [if you cannot see the e-mail address, please make sure that you have enabled JavaScript? in your web browser]. If your questions are not answered online, you may write to us at:. If your questions are not answered online, you may write to us at:Sunshine Profits228 Park Avenue SouthNew York, NY 10003USA
