
Privacy policyImportant: The text written in italics is a non-binding, non-legalistic translation of the official and binding text. If you're not a lawyer, this should be helpful.
CookiesSunshine Profits ("we") uses Google Analytics in order to gather statistics on portions of its web site. We will use the information gathered to improve the quality of our services. Google Analytics employs cookies to define user sessions, which allows for the collection of important data about how our visitors use our website. Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies for data analysis. This means that the cookies are linked to our website, and Google Analytics will only use that cookie data for statistical analysis related to your browsing behavior on Sunshine Profits’ website. We - Sunshine Profits - can individually link data from the Google Analytics cookie to you based on our system-generated identification number. This number is visible in our system only and it's not something that anyone else (except from us) could use to identify you. Consequently, while we will be able to track your browsing history on our website, Google, will not be able to do it based on the mechanisms that we implement. The system-generated identification number will not allow Google to identify you personally or the device that you're using. According to Google, the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains. Based on our settings in Google Analytics, Google confirms that it will delete the user-specific data after 26 months from user's last visit. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, and you can contact us via e-mail, our contact form or using the address provided below in order to opt-out from the above data collection mechanism, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google's website.Additionally, we have also contracted with a number of advertising network partners to monitor certain pages of our website and RSS feeds for the purpose of reporting website and RSS traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs', and/or other activities on our website. Where authorized by us, these advertising network partners may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to these network partners. For more information about how the information is collected and used, please see the following:  Quantcast's privacy policy at http://www.quantcast.com/privacy  Yahoo!'s privacy policy at http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo  AdRoll's privacy policy at https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacyThird parties and web sites that have links on our site may also collect or use information about you. The information practices of other companies or people that Sunshine Profits does not employ or manage are not covered by this privacy statement.In other words: Just like probably the vast majority of the websites on the Internet, we use "cookies" to collect information on our visitors in order to make our website faster and more useful. The information collected doesn't allow Google to track anyone individually - Google just gets the overall statistics like "20% of visitors used Internet Explorer to view this website". We, however, will be able to tell what parts of your website you visited, which we can use to provide you with a tailor-made promotions - for the products that are of most interest to you. Interest-Based Advertising PolicySunshine Profits uses remarketing with AdRoll Group, as well as Google AdWords and Analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented. Sunshine Profits and other third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on visitor’s past visits to our website.Under the Google Interest Based Advertising Program Google will to enable Sunshine Profits to serve advertisements to Users (i) who are on Sunshine Profits’ User Lists and (ii) based on Google-defined interest-categories. Using cookies, Sunshine Profits may remarket using your session information. Remarketing is a way for Sunshine Profits to connect with users, based upon their past interactions with the Sunshine Profits. Third-party vendors, including the AdRoll Group and Google, may show Sunshine Profits ads on sites on the Internet. Third-party vendors, including AdRoll Group and Google, use cookies (3rd party) to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to Sunshine Profits’ website. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. You can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Sunshine Profits may use Teracent cookies or DoubleClick’s remarketing pixels and similar. You can visit the following pages to opt out of these types of cookies: http://www.teracent.com/about-us/opt-out/https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/blocked-cookies.htmlhttp://www.aboutads.infohttp://optout.networkadvertising.orghttp://youronlinechoices.eu (Europe only)You can also choose to opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. For more information on Google Analytics, AdWords, please visit Google's website.In other words: We will also collaborate with third parties to analyze the data easier and to show you ads that can better suit your interests. You can disable this feature.Interest-Based Advertising Policy Definitions"User" means a unique instance of a Web browser.   "User Cookie" means a DoubleClick DART cookie or a Teracent cookie associated with a User.  "User Lists" means a list of User Cookies created or otherwise obtained by Company and used in connection with the Google Display Network, which is referred to in the user interface as "remarketing lists."  "Web Properties" means properties or content on the Google Display Network and all other Google properties or content that uses the User Cookie.You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual through the above-mentioned programs, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.Data StorageAlthough Sunshine Profits is headquartered in the EU, the majority of our customers are from the USA and thus in order to maximize the customer satisfaction, our website is hosted from servers in the USA. Consequently, the data that originates in the European Union may be transferred to USA, however, it is done within the servers of Liquid Web Inc. and Digital Ocean, LLC, which confirms to be GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) compliant. Liquid Web Inc. also complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework.In other words: In addition to storing data in the EU, we store the data in the USA, as that's where most of our clients are located. Hosting the server closer to users is necessary as it allows for minimizing the time required to load all pages (making using the website more convenient for most users) and it allows us to perform better in search engines' results. The latter means getting similar exposure without dedicating bigger budged to advertising and this in turn means that we can keep the prices of our services lower than it would be possible if we had to dedicate more to advertising.Payment Data SecurityCredit / debit card purchases for Sunshine Profits' services are processed by the third-party vendor PayLane Sp. z o.o.. When our clients provide their credit / debit card information on our website the data is sent to PayLane, i.e., the payment data is not stored on our systems, with the exception of the card's expiration date. The expiration dates are saved in order to show them to you on the card details page and in order to send you reminders if your card is about to expire, which could result in termination of your active subscription.For PayPal transactions, Sunshine Profits passes the request to PayPal and the transaction occurs directly on the PayPal website. Therefore, the payment data is not stored on our systems. Both: PayLane and PayPal power online financial transactions for many businesses globally, and they are compliant with PCI-DSS standards for the storage and handling of payment information.In other words: we don't keep your card numbers on file.Managing Your DataWe are gathering and processing your data in order to provide you with free and paid-for services (including sending you newsletters with links to alerts and information about discounts and providing you with access to investment tools - e-mail and first name are required), to process your payments (full name, address and card details are required), to modify our website according to our clients' and potential clients' preferences (website usage and characteristic of devices used are required), to better tailor our offer to our clients and potential clients (website usage data of a specific client is required), to advertise our services through our advertising partners (website usage data, location, and characteristic of devices are required). We (any employee of Sunshine Profits - Przemysław Radomski, Przemysław Radomski himself, or a person acting on their behalf) may also contact you regarding other business or investment opportunities that they are creating or participating in (name and e-mail are required, but phone number may be used if you choose to provide it). We will keep your first name and e-mail in our database until you ask us to remove it, and we'll keep your address details along with your card's expiry date for up to 25 months after your last visit on our website (naturally, you can request the removal earlier). Upon request, we will transfer the data that we gathered about you to a different administrator. You have the right to fill a complaint to GIODO (Inspector General for the Protection of Personal Data). You are providing your personal data on a voluntary basis and the data will be stored until you request it to be removed. We place the highest value on your privacy and pledge not to disclose any information you give us, to absolutely any third party. You can rest assured that your personal information is safe with us, as we do not and will not sell, rent, lend or disclose it in any other way. The above does not apply to the situations where we are obliged to disclose the data by legal regulator or when data's transfer is necessary to continue our regular business operations - for instance when we move from one hosting provider to another one. The administrator of the data is Sunshine Profits - Przemysław Radomski, Łokietka 36/2, 81-735 Sopot, Poland. You have the right to access and modify your data and you can request your data's removal. You can also withdraw your approval for processing of your data by us. The easiest way to modify your data is to edit or delete your profile on the website, but you can request it also through other ways, for instance by using our contact form (see contact details below).In other words: In order to run and grow our business we have to obtain and process some data from you, but we're doing so with your best interest in mind. We ask you for your first name upon registration as we want you to recognize our messages as real ones (spammers usually don't know anything about you, so they don't include anything like that in their emails), and we have to provide necessary details to our accountant to book payments and if we want to grow our business and serve you better and better we have to monitor which parts of the website are used and which are obsolete. Knowing what devices are being used allows us to better align technological changes with what is necessary (for instance introducing a more mobile-friendly interface). If we didn't collect data for it, we would have to constantly bother you with surveys, which would be more time-consuming for you and the odds are that after fifth survey in a row, nobody would want to fill them. If we are to spend money on advertising, we want to advertise right stuff to right people instead of bothering people with things they are not interested in. In order to do this, we have to check and monitor, who (in general) is interested in what part of our services (for instance, people from San Francisco may be interested in other newsletters than people from Tokyo). Finally, if have a great opportunity in mind, we will want to share it with you. It's impossible to tell how long this information will be useful to you, so we'll keep your data until you tell us you want us to delete it. By the way, if you simply want to stop receiving our e-mails, you can simply click the link at the bottom of the newsletter. So, we collect quite a lot of data, but we do so to simply serve you better and while doing so we keep your best interest in mind.
E-mailAt Sunshine Profits we honor the trust you put in us by providing us with your e-mail address.We place the highest value on your privacy and pledge not to disclose any information you give us, to absolutely any third party. You can rest assured that your personal information is safe with us, as we DO NOT and WILL NOT sell, rent, lend or disclose it in any other way.We truly appreciate and are delighted when other websites really respect our privacy. Therefore we vow to treat your private information with the same care and respect, as we would like other websites to treat our own.If you choose to subscribe to one of our premium services we will use provided information to complete your orders, and to address messages to you. This means putting your first name at the beginning of the message. The latter will also apply in case of our free mailing list.The information (excluding credit card data except for its expiration date) that you provide to us is stored securely in our databases. The e-mails that you should expect to receive from us will include (the vast majority of the e-mails will fall into one of the following categories): free newsletter with links to free articles and information regarding the premium articles, notifications regarding trading alerts and other premium analyses, payment receipts, information regarding status of your order such as renewal reminders, card expiration reminders, and e-mails informing you that you were granted a bonus or that the bonus is still available on your account. We may also send you a message with holiday wishes and we can contact you individually with information regarding your subscription, your free account, to reply to your question or to contact you regarding specific investment opportunity. These e-mails may include instructions and/or information about our commercial services. You can expect to receive two-four messages in the first two days after you subscribe (including the e-mail confirmation message, confirmation that your account has been created, and a receipt), and then an e-mail once per workday or more if that is what is being covered by your subscription (if you subscribe to more than one type of alert, you can expect to receive more than one notification).If you decide not to receive ANY messages from us, including those sent exclusively to the members of our premium services, you can unsubscribe in several ways. The easiest way is to click on the "stop receiving these messages" link in one of the e-mails that you received from us. It is located on the bottom of the message and clicking it will unsubscribe you from the mailing list that you are on. You can also contact us and let us know about your preferences regarding receiving e-mails from us. In other words: We will not spam you and we will not sell / rent etc. the details that you give us in the registration form and on the profile pages (including your e-mail address). You can always choose to unsubscribe from our mailing list. Please note that it will unsubscribe you also from our premium messages in case you are signed up for one of our premium services. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions. And yes - if you just reply to one of the messages that we send you with a simple "unsubscribe" or "remove me from your mailing lists", we'll unsubscribe you.We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on our website. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on this website. Additionally, we will notify you by e-mail. You may contact us using the "Contact us" section or by e-mail: [if you cannot see the e-mail address, please make sure that you have enabled JavaScript? in your web browser]. If your questions are not answered online, you may write to us at:Sunshine Profits228 Park Avenue SouthNew York, NY 10003USA

