

We will never sell, share, or divulge your email address and/or other personal information that we collect for the purposes of your order.
Aren’t We Naughty has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering & dissemination practices for this web site: ArentWeNaughty.com
Use of this website's order form requires users to give us contact & shipping information (like their name, address & email address), & financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). The customer's contact information is used to contact the customer when necessary.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse & alteration of the information under our control.
We have a security SSL certificate which encrypts sensitive information being sent over the Internet. Our servers are located in a world-class data center located at 151 Front Street in Toronto, Canada's premiere technology facility and carrier hotel.
Our site also employs the use of MasterCard SecureCard and Verified by Visa (VbV) security protocols. For more information about these services, please visit the links below.
• MasterCard SecureCode
• Verified by Visa
All credit card orders are processed through TD Online Mart service. All debit card orders are processed by your financial institution website. We do not see or store any customer's payment card information.
Cookies
By using ArentWeNaughty.com, you understand that we do not collect any personal information that may be used to identify you unless you provide it to us.
By visiting this website, you understand that third-party advertisers and analytics providers may collect unidentifiable information about your browsing activities across this and other websites in order to offer more tailored ads to you that better suit your shopping needs.
If you would like to opt-out of third party advertising which is used only to deliver better ads to you as the consumer, please click here and select “Google Inc.”
In order for the site and the online shopping cart to work properly, you must still allow your browser to accept cookies from our website. Cookies from ArentWeNaughty.com are used to facilitate your shopping experience.

