
Privacy Overview
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, TypeRacer collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. TypeRacer's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how TypeRacer's visitors use its website. From time to time, TypeRacer may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
TypeRacer also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. TypeRacer does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to TypeRacer's websites choose to interact with TypeRacer in ways that require TypeRacer to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that TypeRacer gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at TypeRacer.com to provide a username, email address, and a date of birth (as a security measure for password retrieval).  In each case, TypeRacer collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with TypeRacer. TypeRacer does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Notwithstanding anything else herein, we may partner with third party advertisers who may (themselves or through their partners) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.  These cookies  enable more customized ads, content or services to be provided to you.  To trigger these cookies, we may pass an encrypted or "hashed" (non-human readable) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner, who may place a cookie on your computer.   No personally identifiable information is on, or is connected to, these cookies.  To opt-out of these cookies, please go to http://www.privacychoice.org/choose
Aggregated Statistics
TypeRacer may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, TypeRacer may gather information about the number of races a user has participated in. TypeRacer may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, TypeRacer does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

The following sections contain a detailed privacy policy in accordance with The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) recommendations.
Privacy Policy
About Us
This is a privacy policy for TypeRacer.
Our homepage on the Web is located at typeracer.com.
The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at
https://data.typeracer.com/pit/privacy_policy
Users may go to 
 for information on how to opt-in or opt-out of use of their information.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy.
You may contact us by e-mail at

contact@typeracer.com.

Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms.
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.


Dispute Resolution:
Please contact customer support with your privacy concerns.

Additional Information

This policy is valid until 1 Jan, 2011 at 12:00:00 EST.

Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements").
This policy contains 2 data groups.
The data practices of each group will be explained separately.

Group "Basic information"
We collect the following information:

Navigation and click-stream data
Computer information
Current location data

At the user's option, we may also collect the following data:

Preference data
User's Name
Year
Month
User's Gender
Home e-mail address

This data will be used for the following purposes:

Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.

This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Data collected from all Web users: access logs, and search strings (if entered).

Group "Cookies"
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:

This data will be used for the following purposes:

Research and development.
One-time tailoring.

This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Cookies are used to track visitors to our site,
so we can better understand what portions of our site best serve you.

Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data sent to your browser from our server and stored on your computer, then sent back to our server by your browser each time you access our website. Cookies enable us to track usage of our Services. In addition, cookies are required for the operation of the Services. Please note that if you refuse cookies (by turning cookies off in your browser or by clicking "don't accept", or if you have set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies), our Services might not work correctly.
Our site makes use of cookies.
We use cookies to improve your experience around the site, cookies are used to:

Save your settings on how you want to view the site
Know whether you are a returning user
Research and development to improve your experience
Google uses cookies to store information on how you got to our site, and provide appropriate ads
Facebook uses cookies to store information on visiting our site if you have clicked the like button and are currently logged into a Facebook account on your browser

You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.


Compact Policy Summary
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:

    CP="CAO DSP COR CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa OUR BUS IND PHY ONL UNI COM NAV DEM PRE LOC"

The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.

FieldMeaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
CAO

Access is available to contact and other information.

DSP

The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution mechanism.

COR

Violations of this policy will be corrected.

CURa

The data is used for completion of the current activity.

ADMa

The data is used for site administration.

DEVa

The data is used for research and development.

TAIa

The data is used for tailoring the site.

OUR

The data is given to ourselves and our agents.

BUS

Our business practices specify how long the data will be kept.

IND

The data will be kept indefinitely.

PHY

Physical contact information is collected.

ONL

Online contact information is collected.

UNI

Unique identifiers are collected.

COM

Computer information is collected.

NAV

Navigation and clickstream data is collected.

DEM

Demographic and socioeconomic data is collected.

PRE

Preference information is collected.

LOC

Current location information is collected.


The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes.
For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.


Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie.
The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium.
In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context.
This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
Note: this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered a substitute for testing with a real Web browser.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6.
IE6 will accept cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and Accept All Cookies settings.


    
