Privacy Policy
Thank you for reading makeuseof.com.
We recommend a variety of third-party products and services on a daily basis. We cannot be held liable/responsible for any loss/damage/discomfort occurred as a result of using any recommended product/service.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website or app?
When subscribing to our newsletter, you may be asked to enter your name and/or email address or other details to help you with your experience. If you use our apps, you be asked to register with your phone number or email address.
Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of makeuseof.com. However, if you participate in a competition, your email address might be provided to the relevant vendor for registration/activation and ongoing support purposes.
We will never ask for credit card details and request that you do not enter them on any of the forms on makeuseof.com.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:

Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.It won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Disclosure of Material Connection
Some of the links on MakeUseOf.com are “affiliate links.” This means if you click on the link and purchase the item, we will receive an affiliate commission. We also receive compensation for sponsored posts and emails. Regardless, we only recommend products or services we believe will add value to our readers. We are disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.” For more information about our use of affiliate links, please read our Affiliate Disclosure.
Advertising in emails
We, or a data provider we have engaged, may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads, content or services. No personally identifiable information is placed into these cookies. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these cookies or learn more please go to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Additionally, emails we send may contain a bit of code known as a “web beacon.” This code allows us to understand the time and date of when a user has opened an email and when he/she has utilized a link within the email to visit a website. Our web beacons do not collect personally identifiable information. Users wishing to disable our web beacons should do so by turning images “off” in their email client (e.g., Outlook, Outlook Express). Please see your email client for more information.
NeedHave
Our NeedHave mobile application might utilise your camera and location for listing items and will only have access to those information while adding a listing.
obliviate
Our secret messaging application requires access to your contacts in order to display registered users to provide you with a better experience. Your contacts are not stored on our servers.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en 
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:

Remarketing with Google AdSense
DoubleClick Platform Integration

We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
You can change your personal information by logging in to your account.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur we will notify you via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:

Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.

If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
makeuseof.com
1405 Bonham Strand Trade Centre, 135 Bonham Strand
Sheung Wan, Hong Kong 000000
Hong Kong
contact@makeuseof.com
Last updated on 2018-01-23
Affiliate Disclaimer
We love researching and reviewing stuff, then sharing our findings with you. And you can help us keep the lights on.
You may have noticed that we often use Amazon links when recommending products. We’re consumers too – often, our review products are purchased from Amazon. So if you do decide to use our links to purchase a product we’re recommending, then we get paid a small commission, and in turn, you’ll shop with confidence knowing that Amazon will deliver your product safely. 
You’ll also be glad to know that our recommendations are always based on the merits of the items. As you can tell from our product review conclusions, we always provide advice on whether a product is worth purchasing. We would never recommend anything we wouldn’t buy ourselves.
You’ll also notice that we use iTunes affiliate links where appropriate. Rest assured, these affiliate links do not affect you in any way. They will, however, share a small portion of the sale with us. These links are always added after the article or review is written. We won’t publish a biased review for the sole purpose of profiting from affiliate sales. That goes against our principles.
We use Amazon Associates and VigLink to retroactively and automatically convert eligible links. Read more about how we use VigLink and choose to opt out, if you wish.
Some of our Best Of lists also contain affiliate links. Notable ones include our Best Web Hosting Services and Best VPN Service Providers. These pages were created with our readers in mind, and therefore, we only recommend the best apps and services. Affiliate links were inserted only as an afterthought, which again, pays us a very small compensation if you do decide to buy or sign up for a service. These links also appear in individual review articles.
And now, some legal stuff: 
Disclosure of Material Connection: Some of the links on MakeUseOf.com are “affiliate links.” This means if you click on the link and purchase the item, we will receive an affiliate commission. Regardless, we only recommend products or services we believe will add value to our readers. We are disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.”
A quick word regarding sponsored articles, manuals and giveaways
Whenever a company contracts us to write about their product in the form of a review, manual or giveaway, in exchange for compensation, we will always disclose that fact in the published work. We only choose to partner with high-quality clients in order to preserve our reputation. At the same time, we try to be as honest as possible, ensuring that our readers receive the most truthful information about the apps and services we review. Therefore, you have nothing to worry about — sponsored articles, manuals and giveaways are written by the same people who publish regular, non-sponsored articles, and contains the same advice we’d normally dish out. We do not discriminate.
