

We use personal data to
This means that processing your personal data allows us to
Do we have to process your personal data in this way?


Make our services available to you
Manage the accounts you hold with us, check whether you qualify for credit or our products are appropriate for you, and process your orders and refunds
Please see further information below about how we use and share your data with credit reference agencies.
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your customer accounts, provide you with the goods and services you want to buy (including assessing and deciding on whether we can give you and members of your household credit, credit-related services, or insurance) and to help you with any orders and refunds that you may request.



Manage your connection to our Network and to get in touch with you if we need to tell you about any problems with the Network
We need to process your personal data so that we can connect you to and improve the operation of the Network.
We also need to process your network usage data (calls, texts, and data usage) to generate accurate monthly bills or accurately decrement from any prepayments made for the use of our services.


Manage and improve our day-to-day operations
Manage and improve our Websites and Mobile Apps
We use cookies and similar technologies on our websites and apps to improve your customer experience. Some cookies are necessary so should not be disabled if you want to make use of the full functionality of our Websites and Mobile Apps. Other cookies can be disabled, but this may affect your customer experience. For more information about cookies and how you can disable some of them, see the Cookies and similar technologies section.


Help to develop and improve our product range, services, stores, information technology systems, know-how and the way we communicate with you
We rely on the use of personal data to carry out market research and internal research and development, and to improve our information technology systems(including security) and our product ranges, servicesand stores. This allows us to serve you better as a customer.


Detect and prevent fraud, money laundering or other crime
See further information below about how we use and share your data with fraud prevention agencies
It is important for us to monitor how our Services are used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of services. This helps us to ensure that youcan safely use our Services. We also need to comply with laws that apply to us


Recover any money you might owe us including assigning your debt to permitted debt collection agencies.
Obtaining payment for our Services ensures we can continue to meet our obligations to our customers and cover our costs for providing the Services.


Personalise your Tesco Mobile experience 
Use your online browsing behaviour as well as your in-store and online purchases (including accessing your Clubcard transactions) to help us better understand you as a customer and provide you with personalised offers and services.
Looking at your browsing behaviour and purchases allows us to personalise our offers services for you. This helps us meet your needs as a customer.


Provide you with relevant marketing communications (including by text, email, post or online advertising), relating to our products and services, and those of our suppliers, Retail Partners and Tesco Group. As part of this, online advertising may be displayed on websites across the Tesco Group and on other organisations’ websites and online media channels. We may also measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications and those of our suppliers and Retail Partners.
We want to ensure that we provide you with marketing communications, including online advertising, that are relevant to your interests. To achieve this we also measure your responses to marketing communications relating to your products and services we offer, which also means we can offer you products and servicesthat better meet your needs as a customer.
You can change your marketing choices, both when you register with us, and at any time after that You also have choices when it comes to online advertising. We set out below your choices when it comes to cookies, and how you can control your behavioural advertising preferences


Contact and interact with you
Contact you about our Services, for example by phone, email, online or post or responding to social media posts that you have directed at us.
We want to serve you better as a customer so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications.


Manage promotions and competitions you take part in, including those in collaboration with our suppliers and Retail Partners.
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage the promotions and competitions you choose to enter.


Invite you to participate in and manage customer surveys, questionnaires and other market research activities carried out by the Tesco Group and by third parties on our behalf.
We carry out market research to improve our Services. However, if we contact you about this, you do not have to take part in the activities. If you tell us that you do not want us to contact you for market research, we will respect this choice. This will not affect your ability to use our Services or your Clubcard.


We will also receive your personal data from any friend of yours who recommends you as part of our Recommend a Friend programme.
We carry out market research to improve our Services. However, if we contact you about this, you do not have to take part in the activities. If you tell us that you do not want us to contact you for market research, we will respect this choice. This will not affect your ability to use our Services or your Clubcard.
We need to process personal data as requested by your friend, and they have promised that they have your permission.


