Privacy Policy

We recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. We will never sell your personal information to third parties without your
solicitation.


We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including
your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about
goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this
information used by these companies, click here.

Log Files

As with most other web servers on the internet, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include
which website you were referred from, your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Comcast), the
browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout
our site.


We also employ third party tracking services such as Google Analytics, which collects similar information to provide us with an offsite clean
interface to look at our statistics. You can read how Google protects your privacy on their own privacy policy.

Cookies and Web Beacons

We use cookies to store information for your convenience to save color preferences. We also use third party advertisements on MangaStream.com
to support the costs of maintaining our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise
on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address,
your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting
purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as
showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).


You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in
programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can greatly affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as most other
websites. This could include the inability to login to our website for longer than a single browser session.


Log into MangaStream account


Don't have an account yet? Create one now, it's free and quick!


Email

Your email is required, please fill out this field.


Password

Password is required, please fill out this field.

The email/password you entered doesn't match anything in our records, check your details.
I forgot my password
 Google
 Facebook
 Twitter

Account Registration


Making an account on MangaStream is fast and easy. Your account lets you comment on releases & news,
and you can show your support by subscribing (ad-free MangaStream!). Already have an account? please log in  instead.


You are about to link a third party social media account to a new MangaStream account. Once you
make the account, you can use your social media account to log in instantly in the future. If you
already have a MangaStream account, log in and link the social media account from your settings.


Username

That username is already taken. Please choose something different.
Username is required, please fill out this field.
Username must be at least 3 characters long.
Username cannot be more than 28 characters long.
Username can only contain alphanumeric characters (a-z and 0-9).

Email

A valid email is required (you'll be sent a verification link).
That email is already associated with a different account.
A valid email is required, please fill out this field.

Password

Password is required, please fill out this field.
Password must be at least 8 characters long.


Password Confirmation

The passwords you entered don't match.


Account recovery


If you have a MangaStream account but you've forgotten your password, please enter your email below
and we'll send you some instructions to recover it.


Email

Your email is required, please fill out this field.


Account recovery


Great! If that email matches an account on MangaStream, expect to receive a message from us in the
next few minutes with further instructions.





We are now offering a way to securely support the costs of MangaStream and browse
without ads for free. In exchange, we will use a portion of your computer's processing power in the background
while you read manga to calculate hashes for Monero (a cryptocurrency like Bitcoin). Please
carefully read the notes below to understand what this is.


While calculating hashes (mining), we won't use 100% of your CPU.
If you use a third party anti-virus program, it may falsely flag the opt-in as malicious code. This is because of all the sites out there that will run these Crypto miners without your consent - we are being fully transparent and cooperative.
This isn't dangerous to your hardware in most cases, but please ensure your desktop is properly ventilated if you run it for long periods of time as your cores will run hotter than normal use.
You will be asked to opt-in every 24-hrs or so to ensure you're always aware when it's on, and consenting to it.
You can turn it off at any time, the button to toggle it will appear in the header while the miner is running.
Mining can only happen while you're on MangaStream, when you leave the site your CPU resources will immediately be freed up.


If you'd like to get started, click the button below. You will be prompted with an additional
opt-in agreement with the vendor (CoinHive) on behalf of our site (readms.net). You can close this
box if you don't want to participate.

Continue (Opt-In Dialog)
