Site Terms & Privacy Policies
Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras respects your privacy. Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras follows current Australian best practice guidelines and the letter, spirit and intent of the Privacy Act 1988 to ensure your privacy is protected.
Information Collection, Use and Disclosure
We collect personal information about you for the following purposes: to process and maintain your membership; to process and administer applications to be part of the Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras annual season; to communicate with members; to process and administer applications for employment; and/or to process and administer contests and surveys. If the information is not provided, Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras may not be able to provide these services. Unless you tell us otherwise, Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras may also use this information to send you material about Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras events or activities and to conduct market research.
In order to facilitate these activities, Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras may need to provide this information to external organisations that provide services to us, such as mailing houses. If you do not wish your information to be used or disclosed for these purposes or you wish to access, correct or update the information Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras holds about you, you may do so by contacting Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras by mail at Suite 6, 94 Oxford Street, Darlinghurst NSW 2010, by phone on 02 9383 0900 or by e-mail at reception@mardigrasarts.org.au. This email address is being protected from spam bots, you need Javascript enabled to view it.
Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras will not otherwise disclose any personal information unless we seek your consent or where such disclosure is legally authorised or required, such as in the investigation of a criminal offence, or in compliance with a search warrant, court order or subpoena.
Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras is the sole owner of any information collected. We will not sell, share or rent this information in ways different to that indicated in this statement. Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras collects information from members and visitors at several different points on this website.
You should also be aware that, as a public company, Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras is required by the Corporations Act 2001 to maintain a register that includes the name and address of every member of the company. In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras must provide access to or a copy of the members' register to any person who makes such a request.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personal information while on this website. Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras’ website only uses session cookies, which means that once the member or visitor closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a member or visitor rejects a cookie, they may still use this website. However, the use may be limited in some areas of the site. Cookies can also enable us to anonymously track the interests of our members and visitors to enhance the usefulness and enjoyment of this website.
Log files
When you visit this website, our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:

Your server (IP) address;
Your top level domain name (for example: .com, .gov, .au, .uk, etc.);
The pages you access and any documents downloaded;
The previous site you have visited; and
The type of browser you are using.

We may use this information to analyse trends, administer the site, track members or visitors’ movements and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to any personal information.
Sharing
We may from time to time share aggregated demographic information with our partners and sponsors. This is not linked to any personal information capable of identifying any individual.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our members and visitors to be aware whenever they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personal information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected and held by Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras.
Notification of changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this website so that members and visitors are always aware of what information we collect and how we use and disclose it. We will handle personal information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras Website: Copyright and disclaimer
Unless otherwise stated, copyright to all material on this website is owned by Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras and must not be re-used without prior permission from Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras.
Every reasonable effort has been made to ensure that the information presented on this website is correct and up to date. Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras reserves the right to change any information on this website at any time without notice. Please contact us if you have any queries.
Terms of use
Access to and use of this site ('mardigras.org.au') is provided by Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras subject to the following terms:
By using mardigras.org.au you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of mardigras.org.au. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use mardigras.org.au.
Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras. Your continued use of mardigras.org.au after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
Use of mardigras.org.au
You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use mardigras.org.au content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any mardigras.org.au content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of mardigras.org.au content requires the prior written permission of Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
Mardigras.org.au content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS AVAILABLE" basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law) to the extent permitted by law, including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
Under no circumstances will Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such losses where foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of mardigras.org.au regardless of the form of action.
Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras does not warrant that functions contained in mardigras.org.au content will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that mardigras.org.au or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
Intellectual Property
The names, images and logos identifying Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras, or any other third party.
General
If there is any conflict between these terms and specific terms appearing elsewhere on mardigras.org.au (including local house rules) then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Australia.
Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras, Suite 6, 94 Oxford Street, Darlinghurst 2010.
Copyright 2019

