
Terms of Use 
These terms and conditions of use ("Terms") govern your use of the luxoft.com web site (the "Site"), which is provided by Luxoft USA Inc. and its affiliates ("Luxoft"). Luxoft does not take any responsibility for the accuracy of the information present on this Site. Luxoft reserves the right to change every kind of information (including Terms). If Luxoft makes any such changes, the revised documents will be posted on this Site, and the publication date will be revised, but Luxoft will not provide any other notice to you. We encourage you to check all documents relevant to your situation periodically to keep informed about their status. 
Disclaimer of Warranty
All materials contained herein are provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. Luxoft disclaim all warranties of any kind including all warranties and conditions of merchantability whether express implied or statutory, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non infringement as well as warranties concerning availability, accuracy or content of data or other information. Luxoft does not warrant that the Site, or the functions, features, or content contained therein will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will be corrected. Luxoft shall not be responsible for any malfunctions, errors, crashes or other adverse events that may occur in connection with your use of the Site. Any use of the materials of this Site is at Your own discretion and risk and You are solely responsible for any damage to Your computer system, including but not limited to loss of data. If you are dissatisfied with the Site or any content or function thereon, Your sole remedy is to discontinue accessing the Site.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall Luxoft be liable for any kind of damages indirect or consequential, including, without limitation loss of profits or revenues and/or costs of replacement goods and all damages resulting use of the information or materials present, even if Luxoft was informed in advance of the possibility of such damages.
Transmission and Submission of Information
Luxoft does not guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Site. Any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this Site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by Luxoft for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. Luxoft will have no obligations with respect to such communications. By transmitting or posting any information You grant Luxoft an unrestricted royalty free right to copy, disclose, distribute, and otherwise dispose of such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal data provided to Luxoft will be handled in accordance with Luxoft inner policies.
User Conduct
While using the Site, You shall not: 

 "Upload, post or transmit to, or otherwise publish through, the Site any material that violates any provision of these Terms; "Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site; "Conduct yourself, or encourage others to conduct themselves, in a manner that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability; "Impersonate, or misrepresent your affiliation with, any other person or entity; "Upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way exploit any information or other material obtained through the Site for commercial purposes (other than as expressly permitted by the provider of such information or other material); "Engage in spamming or flooding; or "Attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems through the Site. Luxoft retains the right, but does not assume any obligation, to monitor the Site and to disclose any information as Luxoft deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to comply with any subpoena or other legal process, to operate the Site properly, to protect ourselves or our users or for other reasons as Luxoft determines in our sole discretion. Luxoft reserves the right to remove or refuse to post any information or materials, in whole or in part, that Luxoft determines, in our sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate or in violation of these Terms. Luxoft may also suspend or terminate your use of the Site at any time in our sole discretion.
Software Downloads
Any software that is made available to download from this Site is the copyrighted work of Luxoft and/or its suppliers. Such software shall be used in accordance with the respective terms of the End user license agreement (EULA) which accompanies the software. Any use of the Software not in accordance with the respective EULA is expressly prohibited.
Use of Content
All the information, communications, software, scripting, photos, text, video, graphics, music, sounds, images and other materials found on this Site (collectively referred to as "Content") may be used for informational and non-commercial or personal use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. You may not use the content of the web Site for commercial purposes without prior expressed written consent of the Luxoft. The unauthorized copying, displaying, or other use of any Content from this Site is a violation of the domestic and/or international legislation and may be pursued to the full extent of federal and state law. Permission to link to Luxoft.com from any site is not required, but prior notification to Luxoft would be appreciated.
Copyright and Trademarks
All product and brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. The trademark of Luxoft is provided for Your information and by making it available Luxoft does not grant You a license to use it. The copyright in all material provided on this Site is held by Luxoft or by the original creator of the material. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to You, but remain the full and complete rights and title of Luxoft or the original creator.
 Links to Third-Party Sites
This Site may provide links to other third-party sites. Luxoft makes no representations whatsoever about any other site which You may access through this Site. You acknowledge and agree that Luxoft is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. References on this Site to any names, marks, products or services of any third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely for your convenience and do not constitute an endorsement by or association with Luxoft of such sites or the content, products, advertising or other materials presented on such sites. You acknowledge and agree that Luxoft is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such linked sites.
Applicable Laws
This site is operated by Luxoft from within the United States of America. Luxoft makes no representation that the materials of the Site are or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. User may not use or transfer the materials of the Site in violation of US export or other law and regulations. Any claim relating to the Terms shall be governed by the Law of the State of New York.
Questions
Please contact us if you have any questions about Luxoft's privacy policy or other legal guidelines.

