
Privacy (part of Terms of use)
5.1 We are committed to protecting the privacy and the
confidentiality of the personal information of visitors to our
Website. We undertake to ensure that all personal information in
our possession is processed in accordance with the principles of
the Data Protection Act 1998. Our Data Protection Policies may be
inspected in the governance section.
5.2 We collect personal information (such as your name,
contact details, credit card information) that you supply to us.
Your information is collected when you request information from us,
contact us, make a booking with us, purchase items from us,
including Membership and etickets, or make donation to
us. We will update your information whenever we get the opportunity
to keep it current, accurate and complete.
5.3 Any information you provide when registering with us,
buying Membership, etickets and other products will be used
for British Museum, British Museum Friends and British Museum
Company purposes only. From time to time we may send you
information from other organisations which we think may be of
interest to you. We may also disclose your information to companies
who act as "data processors" on our behalf, some of whom may be
outside the UK/EEA.
5.4 You may indicate your preference for receiving direct
marketing by telephone or e-mail from us or any partner
organisations with whom we may work. You will be given the
opportunity on every communication we send you to indicate that you
no longer wish to receive our direct marketing material. You may,
in addition, indicate your preference regarding receiving third
party direct marketing material. Once properly notified by you, we
will take steps to stop using your information in this way.
5.5 The credit card information you give for any online
transaction is used solely for the purpose of processing that
transaction.
5.6 You have the right to ask in writing for a copy of the
information we hold about you (for which we may charge a fee) and
to correct any inaccuracies in your information.
 Data Protection Code of Practice

