
Collection of your Personal Information

NADIA collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number, work experience and other such data associated with a resume for job applications in the Middle East.



Please keep in mind that, when you apply for jobs advertised on NADIA, your resume data is stored in your MyNADIA account and any other information that you disclosed during your job application will be made available to the companies you applied to. It is our policy to discuss specific vacancies with candidates prior to submitting their CV to the client, but this may not always be possible.

Use of your Personal Information

NADIA collects and uses your personal information to operate nadia-me.com and deliver the services you have requested. NADIA also uses your personal information to inform you of other products or services available from NADIA and its affiliates. NADIA may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.



NADIA does not sell, rent or lease its user or registered member lists to third parties. NADIA may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. NADIA may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on NADIA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of NADIA and its family of websites; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of NADIA, its websites, or the public.




Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed at any country in which NADIA or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country and of the UAE.

Security of your Personal Information

NADIA is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.

Changes to These Terms

NADIA will occasionally update these Terms to reflect company and user feedback. When NADIA posts changes to these Terms, you will see the word "updated" next to the Privacy Statement link on the front page of NADIA. If there are material changes to these Terms or in how NADIA will use your personal information, NADIA will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. NADIA encourages you to periodically review these Terms to be informed of how NADIA is protecting your information.



