
What information do we collect?
This website does not collect any personal data, apart from information that you volunteer, for example when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form. Any information you provide in this way is used only for the purpose you provide it.

	When booking or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails - The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.

How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We use cookies to help us improve the experience  we provide on our website. 
Cookies are small text files that are added to your browser to track usage of our site. Collecting  this data allows us to understand our customers needs  and helps us to improve our website.
 By continuing to use our website without changing your settings,  you are giving your consent to our use of cookies. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time. To find out how to do this, see the 'Help' menu on your browser. Please note that if you turn off cookies or change your settings, some features of may not work correctly.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our  Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website 
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 31/03/2012
Opting Out
If you wish for us to remove your contact information from our database, then simply send an email to info@dublincoach.ie with your name and email address, stating that you would like it removed and we will do so.

