Company" or "We") appreciate your interest in the Company and its products.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this
policy.

This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide
when you visit the website husqvarna.com (our "Website"), including personal information (as
defined below) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing
that information.

This policy applies to information we collect:

When you visit our Website, including the information you may provide in email, text, and
    other electronic messages between you and the Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and
    services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your
information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you
should not use our Website. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to this policy. This
policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy).
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including personal
information, which is defined as information which may personally identify you, such as your
name, postal address, e-mail address and telephone number or more technical information such
as your computer’s operating system and your Internet Protocol address, but only when this
information can identify you as an individual. Personal information that is aggregated and/or deidentified cannot be associated with an identifiable individual is not considered to be personal information. We may collect information directly from you when you provide it to us or
automatically as you navigate through the Website.
We Process the following categories of Personal Data about You
Personal details: given name(s).
Demographic information: gender; and date of birth / age.
Contact details: correspondence address; shipping address; telephone number; email
address; messenger app details; online messaging details; and social media details.
Consent records: records of any consents you have given, together with the date and time,
means of consent and any related information (e.g., the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase details: records of purchases and prices; and consignee name, address, contact
telephone number and email address.
Data relating to our Sites and Apps: device type; operating system; browser type; browser
settings; IP address; language settings; dates and times of connecting to a Site; App usage
statistics; App settings; dates and times of connecting to an App; location data, and other
technical communications information (some of which may constitute Personal Data);
username; password; security login details; usage data; aggregate statistical information.
Content and advertising data: records of your interactions with our online advertising and
content, records of advertising and content displayed on pages or App screens displayed to
you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (e.g., mouse
hover, mouse clicks, any forms you complete in whole or in part) and any touchscreen
interactions.
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you choose to send to us, or publicly post
about us on social media platforms.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information
    provided at the time of purchase, product registration, account creation, subscribing to
    email notifications, posting product reviews, or requesting customer service.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact
    us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.

Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection
technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and
patterns, including:

Details of your visits to our Website (such as products viewed or purchased, promotional
    codes or information), including traffic data, geolocation data, and other communication
    data and the resources that you access and use on the Website, i.e. functions like
    search or customer service.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address,
    operating system, and browser type.

The information we collect automatically is statistical data but may include personal information
or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or
receive from third parties, in which case we will treat it as personal information. It helps us to
improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, as further detailed
in the section “How we Use your Personal Information” of this policy.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your
    computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate
    setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access
    certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will
    refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our
    Website.
Web Beacons. Pages of the Website may contain small electronic files known as web
    beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the
    Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other
    related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website
    content and verifying system and server integrity).

For more information, please read our How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal
information:

To estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
To store information about your preferences, allow us to customize our Website
    according to your individual interests, speed up your searches and recognize you when
    you return to our Website.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide your information.
To provide you with notices about your product including service recommendations and
    warranty information.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or
    provide through it.
For any other purposes are authorized or required by law, or with your specific consent.

We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of
interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please update your
contact preferences here (link to account/preference center).

When possible, rather than using personal information, we will anonymize and/or aggregate
personal information so that it no longer identifies an individual, and use it for the purposes
mentioned above or any legal purpose.
Disclosure of Your Information
We will not disclose (other than for routing purpose) your personal information to any third party,
except when authorized by law, with your consent or in the following circumstances:

Service providers. We may disclose your personal information to service providers,
    who are persons or companies with whom HUSQVARNA has contracts to carry out the
    internal operations of the Website or our business. We provide them with a limited
    amount of information which is necessary in order for them to provide the services
    required. They are prohibited from using the information for purposes other than to
    facilitate and carry out the services they have been engaged to provide.
As permitted or required by law. We may disclose your personal information as
    authorized or required by applicable law, for instance to comply with any court order,
    law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To protect the rights of ourselves or others. We may disclose your personal
    information if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights,
    property, or safety of HUSQVARNA, our customers, or others. This may include
    enforcing or applying our Terms of Use or Terms of Sale and other agreements,
    including for billing and collection purposes, and contacting the appropriate authority at
    our discretion if we notice activities that may be illegal or violate our Terms of Use or
    Terms of Sale. This also includes exchanging information with other companies and
    organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Business transactions. We may disclose your personal information to a third party in
    connection with a sale or transfer of business or assets, an amalgamation, re-
    organization or financing of parts of our business. However, in the event the transaction
    is completed, your personal information will remain protected by applicable privacy laws.
    In the event the transaction is not completed, we will require the other party not to use or
    disclose your personal information in any manner whatsoever and to completely delete
    such information.

Your Rights
You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and sharing of personal information at
any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice. Note that if you
withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to
provide you with certain of our products or services
Receiving commercial emails from us is optional and you may unsubscribe at any time by (a)
following the unsubscribe link in any email; (b) changing your communication; or (c) contacting
us by following the instructions detailed in the Contact Information section of this policy.
Other Websites
The Website may contain links to third party websites. HUSQVARNA does not exercise control
and is not responsible for the contents or privacy practices of third party websites that may be
linked from the Website. Such websites may place their own cookies on your computer and/or
have different ways of collecting and handling personal information. We encourage you to
familiarize yourself with the privacy practices of such third party websites before using them.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review the information we have about you and update your personal information by
logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at European Union Residents
If you are a resident of the European Union, we require that you choose to shop from the
website that services your country of residence. Personal Information outside your Country of Residence
Your personal information may in some cases be transferred to jurisdictions outside your
country of residence. As a result, you understand that your personal information will be subject
to the laws of other jurisdictions than your country of residence and may be available without
notice to you to foreign government authorities under lawful orders and laws applicable in such
jurisdictions. Regardless of the company or person who processes your information and where
it is processed, we will take steps to protect your information in accordance with applicable data
protection laws and this policy.
Retention
Personal information will be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes
for which it was collected and for which consent was received, unless otherwise required by law.
Personal information that is no longer required to fulfil the identified purposes will be destroyed,
erased or made anonymous. We have developed and implemented detailed retention principles,
and will ensure destruction of personal information in a method that prevents improper access.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental
loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide
to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be
encrypted using SSL technology.

We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to
protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration,
unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized access, and other unlawful or unauthorized forms of
collection, use or disclosure of personal information, in accordance with applicable law.

Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not
completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your
personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the
internet – any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that
any personal information that you send to us are sent securely.
Children Under the Age of Majority
Our Website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under the age of
majority may provide any [personal] information to [or on] the Website. We do not knowingly
collect personal information from children under the age of majority. If you are under the age of
majority in the jurisdiction in which you reside, do not use or provide any information on this
Website or on or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases
through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or
provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number,
email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or
received personal information from a child under the age of majority without verification of
parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information
from or about a child under the age of majority, please contact us at
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our policy on this page with a notice that the
policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make significant changes to how we
treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified
in your account and/or through a notice on the Website home page prior to the changes coming
into effect. If you continue to use the Website after having been provided this notice, you
consent to the changes to this policy. The date the policy was last revised is identified at the top
of this page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable
email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this policy to check for any
changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Husqvarna Marketing
9335 Harris Corners Pkwy, Suite 500
Charlotte, NC, USA 28269
Or email us at
customer.first@husqvarnagroup.com
HUSQVARNA ("" or "") appreciate your interest in the Company and its products. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website husqvarna.com (our ""), including personal information (as defined below) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.This policy applies to information we collect:Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Website. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to this policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy).We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including personal information, which is defined as information which may personally identify you, such as your name, postal address, e-mail address and telephone number or more technical information such as your computer’s operating system and your Internet Protocol address, but only when this information can identify you as an individual. Personal information that is aggregated and/or deidentified cannot be associated with an identifiable individual is not considered to be personal information. We may collect information directly from you when you provide it to us or automatically as you navigate through the Website.The information we collect on or through our Website may include:As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:The information we collect automatically is statistical data but may include personal information or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties, in which case we will treat it as personal information. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, as further detailed in the section “How we Use your Personal Information” of this policy.The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:For more information, please read our cookie policy We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please update your contact preferences here (link to account/preference center).When possible, rather than using personal information, we will anonymize and/or aggregate personal information so that it no longer identifies an individual, and use it for the purposes mentioned above or any legal purpose.We will not disclose (other than for routing purpose) your personal information to any third party, except when authorized by law, with your consent or in the following circumstances:You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and sharing of personal information at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice. Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide you with certain of our products or services Receiving commercial emails from us is optional and you may unsubscribe at any time by (a) following the unsubscribe link in any email; (b) changing your communication; or (c) contacting us by following the instructions detailed in the Contact Information section of this policy.The Website may contain links to third party websites. HUSQVARNA does not exercise control and is not responsible for the contents or privacy practices of third party websites that may be linked from the Website. Such websites may place their own cookies on your computer and/or have different ways of collecting and handling personal information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy practices of such third party websites before using them.You can review the information we have about you and update your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at customer.first@husqvarnagroup.com to request access to or correction of your personal information.If you are a resident of the European Union, we require that you choose to shop from the website that services your country of residence. https://promo.husqvarna.com/ . This website is not intended to provide products or services outside the US or Canada nor are we intending to monitor the usage of this website by residents outside of the US or Canada. If you visit this website and are a EU resident, then you will be subject to these Data Privacy terms and conditions including our Cookie Policy. If you are a resident of Europe and have any questions related to your rights pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may contact the Husqvarna Privacy Office at: privacy@husqvarnagroup.com Your personal information may in some cases be transferred to jurisdictions outside your country of residence. As a result, you understand that your personal information will be subject to the laws of other jurisdictions than your country of residence and may be available without notice to you to foreign government authorities under lawful orders and laws applicable in such jurisdictions. Regardless of the company or person who processes your information and where it is processed, we will take steps to protect your information in accordance with applicable data protection laws and this policy.Personal information will be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes for which it was collected and for which consent was received, unless otherwise required by law. Personal information that is no longer required to fulfil the identified purposes will be destroyed, erased or made anonymous. We have developed and implemented detailed retention principles, and will ensure destruction of personal information in a method that prevents improper access.We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized access, and other unlawful or unauthorized forms of collection, use or disclosure of personal information, in accordance with applicable law.Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any personal information that you send to us are sent securely.Our Website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under the age of majority may provide any [personal] information to [or on] the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of majority. If you are under the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you reside, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of majority without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of majority, please contact us at customer.first@husqvarnagroup.com It is our policy to post any changes we make to our policy on this page with a notice that the policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make significant changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website home page prior to the changes coming into effect. If you continue to use the Website after having been provided this notice, you consent to the changes to this policy. The date the policy was last revised is identified at the top of this page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this policy to check for any changes.To ask questions or comment about this policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:Husqvarna Marketing9335 Harris Corners Pkwy, Suite 500Charlotte, NC, USA 28269Or email us at