
        Read more
        
There are various ways in which we may use or process your personal information.  We list these below:
Consent
Where you have provided your consent, we may use and process your information to:

Contact you from time to time about promotions, events, products, services or information which we think may be of interest to you (don’t worry, we won’t bombard you);
Use automatic number plate recognition when you visit our authorised repairer network to alert them to your arrival at their premises.
To share your personal information with our recommended third party partners, so that they can contact you with marketing information about their products and services (we will, of course, give you details about these third parties before you give your permission for us to send information to them).

	You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us on the details provided within the 'How can I manage the information we hold about you' section below or, in relation to any marketing messages you receive, by using the unsubscribe option included in those messages.

Contractual performance
We may use and process your personal information where this is necessary to perform a contract with you and to fulfil and complete your orders, purchases and other transactions entered into with us (or one of our authorised repairers or selected partners).
Legitimate interests
We may use and process your personal information as set out below where it is necessary for us to carry out activities for which it is in our legitimate interests as a business to do so.
Processing necessary for us to support customers with sales and other enquiries
1. To respond to correspondence you send to us and fulfil the requests you make to us (for example: test drives, service requests, brochure requests or information about specific vehicles);
2. To provide vehicle support and services (for example warranty services);
Processing necessary for us to respond to understanding customers’ and drivers’ needs
3. To analyse, evaluate and improve our products and services so that your visit and use of our website, applications, customer service centre and authorised repairer network are more useful and enjoyable (we will generally use data amalgamated from many people so that it doesn’t identify you personally);
4. To undertake market analysis and research (including contacting you with customer surveys) so that we can better understand you as a customer and provide tailored offers, products and services that we think you will be interested in. We will only send marketing communications to you if you have provided your consent for us to do so or which we have obtained in the ways mentioned in the paragraphs above;
5. For product development purposes (for example to improve vehicle quality, performance and safety);
6. In some cases we may use automated methods to analyse, combine and evaluate information that you have provided to us (including the sharing of your personal information within our group of companies: Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited, Volkswagen AG, Audi AG, SEAT S.A., SKODA AUTO a.s). We collect and analyse this information in this way so that we can deliver the most appropriate customer experience to you by tailoring and making relevant all our service and communications (for example, when your mileage suggests your vehicle is due for a service);
Processing necessary for us to promote our business, brands and products and measure the reach and effectiveness of our campaigns
7. To send you marketing information from time to time after you have purchased a product or service from us or made a purchasing enquiry, closed your browser with items in your shopping basket or requested a test drive, brochure or other information of interest. We will only contact you with information about our own products and services (and in ways the law allows), which we hope you will like. You have the right to object to us sending you this information at any time;
8. To contact you from time to time with marketing information (unless you object) if you have expressly indicated to us that you are acting on behalf of a business or where we have obtained your business contact details from our authorised repairer network or an online or public business directory. In relation to any such information we send by email or SMS, we will include an option allowing you to object to receiving future messages by unsubscribing;
9. To contact you with targeted advertising delivered online through social media and other platforms operated by other companies, unless you object. You may receive advertising based on information about you that we have provided to the platform or because, at our request, the platform has identified you as having similar attributes to the individuals whose details it has received from us. To find out more, please refer to the information provided in the help pages of the platforms on which you receive advertising from us;
10. To identify and record when you have received, opened or engaged with our website or electronic communications (please see our Cookie Policy for more information);
11. To administer competitions and promotions that you enter with us from time to time and to distribute prizes;
12. To contact you when your local authorised dealer / retailer opens, closes or moves premises.
Processing necessary for us to operate the administrative and technical aspects of our business efficiently and effectively
13. To verify the accuracy of information that we hold about you and create a better understanding of you as a customer;
14. For network and information security purposes i.e. in order for us to take steps to protect your information against loss, damage, theft or unauthorised access;
15. To comply with a request from you in connection with the exercise of your rights (for example where you have asked us not to contact you for marketing purposes, we will keep a record of this on our suppression lists in order to be able to comply with your request);
16. To inform you of updates to our terms and conditions and policies.

Legal obligation
We may process your personal information to comply with our legal requirements (for example to register your car with the DVLA).

Vital interest
Sometimes we will need to process your personal information to contact you if there is an urgent safety or product recall notice and we need to tell you about it. 
