
Cryptopia Limited Privacy Policy


	This is the Privacy Policy for Cryptopia Ltd located at PO Box 1117, Christchurch, 8140, New Zealand and Cryptopia Ltd will be referred to as "we",
	"our" and "us" in this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy relates to the collection and use of personal information you may supply to us through
	your conduct on our website, via support services, email, telephone, any contact made by you through social media channels and through any other
	interaction you may have with us. We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of information collected by us, in particular information
	that is capable of identifying an individual ("personal information").


	We collect and hold personal information about, but not limited to:


users and potential users, business associates and potential business associates, and their employees and contractors (where applicable);
individuals we deal with in the course of providing services to our users;
suppliers and their employees and contractors;
prospective employees, employees and contractors; and
other people who come into contact with us.


	This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which your personal information, obtained through the means listed above, will be dealt with.
	Cryptopia Ltd is the entity collecting and holding your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
	We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time.
	You should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are updated on any changes.

Use of Website

	By using this website, you agree to the Privacy Policy of Cryptopia Ltd, which is set out on this website page.
	This Privacy Policy is in addition to any other terms and conditions applicable to the website.
	We do not make any representations about third party websites that may be linked to from within the website.

Collection of Information 


		We collect personal information about you in order for us to provide you with our services, for you to take full advantage of our services,
		and for us to conduct our business and meet our legal obligations. Personal information is collected when provided by you,  via the website,
		email, support, phone, social media, or any other interactions you may have with us. For example, we may need to collect such information
		to provide you with services or to answer or forward any requests or enquiries that you submit to us. Information we collect may include
		(but is not limited to): names, addresses, contact details, occupations, payment details, employment history, education and qualifications,
		testimonials, feedback and other information which assists us in conducting our business, providing and marketing our services,
		and meeting our legal obligations.
	

		We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our services.
		For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to social media platforms and publicly available sources.
	

		When you visit our website, our web servers gather your IP address to assist with the diagnosis of problems and to enable us to provide
		the best level of service.
	

		We use cookies on our website to provide you with a better experience. These cookies and allow us to increase your security by storing
		your session ID and are a way of monitoring single user access. This aggregate, non-personal information is collated and provided to
		us to assist in analysing the usage of the site.
	

		Registration with the website is optional. Registration may include submitting (for instance, but not limited to) your name,
		email address, address, telephone numbers, and selecting an option on receiving updates and promotional material and other information.
		You may access this information at any time by logging in and going to your account.
	

		We may also collect information about you as permitted by law.
	

		In some cases, if personal information we request is not provided, it might adversely impact our ability to supply you with services or
		perform our obligations to you.
	

Management of Personal Information


		We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to us, and we review and update our security measures
		in light of current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
	

		However, we will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information you may transmit to us or from our online products and services.
		Once we do receive your transmission, we will also make our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
	

		10.	In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to
		respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us.
	

Use of Information


		Unless we disclose other uses in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection, personal information about you is used only
		for the purpose for which it is submitted or for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose. In general,
		the purposes for which your personal information is collected, used, held and disclosed are:
		
to conduct our business;
to provide you with our services and any other services you request;
to market our services to you;
to engage with third parties on your behalf;
to communicate with you;
to help us manage and enhance our services; and
to comply with our legal obligations.



		Copies of correspondence sent by you, or from the website that may contain your personal information, are stored as archives
		for record-keeping and back-up purposes only. All communication from us (including information with regards to new products and services)
		will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of further communication. You can choose to opt out at any time from receiving marketing communications.
	

		We do not allow the selling of your personal information in any way.
	

Retention and Disclosure of Information


		We may disclose your personal information:
		
where you have consented;
where disclosure is necessary to achieve the purpose for which the personal information was submitted; or
when the law permits or requires disclosure.



		We may also disclose your personal information in special situations where we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify,
		contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property,
		users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.
	

		We may engage third parties to support our operations and/or provide you with services on our behalf. Where we deem it necessary
		we may disclose personal information held by us to these third parties.
	

		Where we no longer required your personal information, we will comply with our legal requirements in respect of that information.
	

Access to Information


		We will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you,
		and to keep this information accurate and up to date.
	

		Subject to the exceptions set out in the Privacy Act 1993, you may seek access to the personal information that we hold about you.
		We will require you to verify your identity, and to specify what information you require. A fee may be charged for providing access.
		If a fee is to be charged, we will advise you of the likely cost in advance.
	

		If, at any time, you discover that information held about you is incorrect, you may contact us to request to have
		the information corrected in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993.
	

Links to External Websites


		We provide links to websites outside of our websites, as well as to third party websites. These linked sites are not under our control,
		and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of companies linked to our website. Before disclosing your personal information on any other website,
		we advise you to examine the terms and conditions of using that website and its privacy statement.
	

Problems or Questions


		If we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with our websites, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns.
		If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy please contact us in writing at privacypolicy@cryptopia.co.nz



