Revised June 29, 2017 – The Ohio Lottery recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors of the Ohio Lottery Web site. Therefore, visitors should be aware of the following information.

Public Records
Visitors should be aware that, subject to certain statutory exceptions, most documents and records maintained by the state of Ohio, including but not limited to electronic data, are public records under Ohio law. Therefore, information submitted through this Web site may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request. Records required to be maintained pursuant to the laws of Ohio will be retained and disposed of in accordance with applicable record retention schedules.

Usage Statistics
In order to generate usage statistics to help us improve our Web site, we automatically collect certain information on every visitor to the Web site. However, this information does not disclose “personal identifiers” (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc.). Each time a request is made to view a page within this Web site, our Web site creates a log file capturing generic user information. Examples of this type of information includes the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using, the date and time you accessed this site, the Internet protocol address of the individual computer (or proxy server) making the request, and the Internet address of the site from which you may have linked to this site. All information collected by way of server log files is used in aggregate form only, and may be analyzed for trends and statistics.

Online Forms and E-mail
This Web site will not collect personally identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number, etc.) unless you provide such information voluntarily. We may ask for such information so that we can tailor interactive features of this Web site to your specific interests and needs including, but not limited to, periodically forwarding information that matches your selected interests, for establishment of MyLotto Rewards accounts, to notify you if your name is drawn to appear on the Cash Explosion Game Show, or for purposes of processing your application to become an Ohio Lottery retailer or when making changes to your current Ohio Lottery retailer account. You are free to provide or to not provide the requested information. If you choose to not provide this type of information, you can still visit most of the Web site, but you may be unable to participate in certain online forums or the MyLotto Rewards Program, become an Ohio Lottery retailer, or to sign up for notifications from entries into games including but not limited to the Cash Explosion Game Show.   Any personal information voluntarily provided by visitors, including personal information submitted on online forms and e-mail, will be used for the purposes stated on the web page and may also be shared with other agencies as required by law or pursuant to agency authority. Information submitted through this Web site also may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request.

Web Cookies
Visitors who submit information via this Web site should be aware that data linking your computer to this Web site (a “cookie”) may be created. Temporary cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction, to process data submitted to us online or to facilitate ongoing Internet interaction. Information collected on our Web sites, including cookies, may also be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request. The Ohio Lottery and InspiredOH.org uses cookies for the purposes of remarketing or retargeting, which allows advertisers to show ads to users who have previously visited the advertiser's website as they browse the Web. Third party vendors, such as Google, The Trade Desk, YouTube and Facebook show InspiredOH.org ads on the internet. Third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to InspiredOH.org. Google provides information on opting out here: 

Security Measures
The Ohio Lottery will follow Ohio state laws that require the establishment of reasonable precautions to prevent personal information from unauthorized modification, destruction, use, or disclosure. We take very seriously the integrity of the information and systems that we maintain. Therefore, we have instituted security measures for information systems under our control. These security measures are designed to identify attempts to tamper with this Web site. Information collected through these security measures may be used in connection with a criminal prosecution or other legal proceedings.

Personal Information Security
Our primary concern is that your personal information is private and secure. The Ohio Lottery uses the industry-standard Secure Socket Layers (SSL) protocol which provides data encryption, message integrity, and server authentication when your data is sent to us. When you see a small lock in the address bar, you know your data is being encrypted for transmission.

All information you enter is used strictly by the Ohio Lottery. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable law and federal standards. All data is stored on  servers and is backed up to prevent the loss of data. Retailer applications submitted are further encrypted and are sent directly from one Ohio Lottery server to another via a secure connection. Access to (and the use thereof) personally identifiable customer information is restricted to authorized personnel and is permitted only when prompted by you, or as dictated by service, support, and/or fulfillment requirements.

Notices and Service Alerts
Although we respect and honor your privacy preferences, the Ohio Lottery shall maintain and reserve the right to contact you (via email, phone, fax, mail, or otherwise) when it deems appropriate, such as for nonmarketing purposes , such as bug alerts, security breaches, and/or changes that may impact your ability to use the Ohio Lottery website.

Access and Dispute of Information Rights
Pursuant to Ohio Revised Code, sections 149.43, 1347.08 and 1347.09, users may have rights to their information given to this site, in respect to inspecting, correcting and disputing.

Links and affiliated Web sites
Some hypertext links on the Ohio Lottery Web site link to other sites and other third parties. By clicking on any of these links, you are leaving our Web site. The Ohio Lottery has no control over the information collected by any third party after you have left the Ohio Lottery Web site. The Ohio Lottery encourages you to read their privacy policies.

The data collection, usage and disclosure practices of any third party linked to the Ohio Lottery Web site are not covered by this Privacy Policy. The Ohio Lottery assumes no liability and is not responsible for any practices of such third party Web sites, including their privacy practices or content, or disclosure of information by third parties.

Reference to any non-state resource, including non-state Web sites linked to this site, does not constitute an endorsement by the Ohio Lottery. The Ohio Lottery is not responsible for the contents of any non-state Web sites linked to this site, and any views expressed on such Web sites do not necessarily represent the views of the Ohio Lottery. You assume any and all risk associated with the use of any non-state Web site linked to this site. The Ohio Lottery does not guarantee or warrant any information, services or products advertised or offered on non-state Web sites.

Changes to this Policy
The Ohio Lottery may revise this policy from time to time. This is a statement of policy and should not be interpreted as a contract of any kind. This Privacy Policy was last modified on May 27, 2015.

Disclaimer of Liability
Neither the Ohio Lottery nor any of its employees shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information. In no event shall the State of Ohio and/or the Ohio Lottery, its directors, employees or commissioners be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement or substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or under any other cause of action. Internet usage by children should be under the direct supervision of a parent or legal guardian. Individuals under the age of 18 are prohibited from playing the Ohio Lottery.

Disclaimer of Warranties
Although the data found on the Ohio Lottery Web site has been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information. The Ohio Lottery provides this information on an "as is" basis. All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed. The information provided in this privacy statement should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through this Web site.

Text Messaging Terms and Conditions
Text DAILY to 20731 to receive winning numbers and jackpot information.  Depending on text message selections you may receive up to 14 messages per week. Message and data rates may apply. Text HELP to 20731 for help. Text STOP to 20731 to cancel. You must have a two-way text-enabled phone with compatible carrier and plan. Compatible major carriers include Alltel Wireless, AT&T, Boost Mobile, Cricket, Metro PCS, Nextel, Sprint, T-Mobile (R), U.S. Cellular, Verizon Wireless and Virgin Mobile USA. Text messaging is not available in all areas of the United States.

Contact
Any further questions concerning the privacy policy for the Ohio Lottery Web site may be sent to 
 




  – The Ohio Lottery recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors of the Ohio Lottery Web site. Therefore, visitors should be aware of the following information.Visitors should be aware that, subject to certain statutory exceptions, most documents and records maintained by the state of Ohio, including but not limited to electronic data, are public records under Ohio law. Therefore, information submitted through this Web site may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request. Records required to be maintained pursuant to the laws of Ohio will be retained and disposed of in accordance with applicable record retention schedules.In order to generate usage statistics to help us improve our Web site, we automatically collect certain information on every visitor to the Web site. However, this information does not disclose “personal identifiers” (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc.). Each time a request is made to view a page within this Web site, our Web site creates a log file capturing generic user information. Examples of this type of information includes the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using, the date and time you accessed this site, the Internet protocol address of the individual computer (or proxy server) making the request, and the Internet address of the site from which you may have linked to this site. All information collected by way of server log files is used in aggregate form only, and may be analyzed for trends and statistics.This Web site will not collect personally identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number, etc.) unless you provide such information voluntarily. We may ask for such information so that we can tailor interactive features of this Web site to your specific interests and needs including, but not limited to, periodically forwarding information that matches your selected interests, for establishment of MyLotto Rewards accounts, to notify you if your name is drawn to appear on the Cash Explosion Game Show, or for purposes of processing your application to become an Ohio Lottery retailer or when making changes to your current Ohio Lottery retailer account. You are free to provide or to not provide the requested information. If you choose to not provide this type of information, you can still visit most of the Web site, but you may be unable to participate in certain online forums or the MyLotto Rewards Program, become an Ohio Lottery retailer, or to sign up for notifications from entries into games including but not limited to the Cash Explosion Game Show. Any personal information voluntarily provided by visitors, including personal information submitted on online forms and e-mail, will be used for the purposes stated on the web page and may also be shared with other agencies as required by law or pursuant to agency authority. Information submitted through this Web site also may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request.Visitors who submit information via this Web site should be aware that data linking your computer to this Web site (a “cookie”) may be created. Temporary cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction, to process data submitted to us online or to facilitate ongoing Internet interaction. Information collected on our Web sites, including cookies, may also be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request. The Ohio Lottery and InspiredOH.org uses cookies for the purposes of remarketing or retargeting, which allows advertisers to show ads to users who have previously visited the advertiser's website as they browse the Web. Third party vendors, such as Google, The Trade Desk, YouTube and Facebook show InspiredOH.org ads on the internet. Third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to InspiredOH.org. Google provides information on opting out here: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ . If you would like to be able to opt out from vendors other than Google, more information can be found here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . If you do submit your email or postal addresses online, you may receive periodic mailings, on or offline, from the Ohio Lottery or InspiredOH.org. Each mailing will contain instructions on how you can remove your name from our mailing list. We further promise not to sell, loan, rent, give or barter any part of your personal information to any person or entity which is not part of the Ohio Lottery or InspiredOH.orgThe Ohio Lottery will follow Ohio state laws that require the establishment of reasonable precautions to prevent personal information from unauthorized modification, destruction, use, or disclosure. We take very seriously the integrity of the information and systems that we maintain. Therefore, we have instituted security measures for information systems under our control. These security measures are designed to identify attempts to tamper with this Web site. Information collected through these security measures may be used in connection with a criminal prosecution or other legal proceedings.Our primary concern is that your personal information is private and secure. The Ohio Lottery uses the industry-standard Secure Socket Layers (SSL) protocol which provides data encryption, message integrity, and server authentication when your data is sent to us. When you see a small lock in the address bar, you know your data is being encrypted for transmission.All information you enter is used strictly by the Ohio Lottery. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable law and federal standards. All data is stored on servers and is backed up to prevent the loss of data. Retailer applications submitted are further encrypted and are sent directly from one Ohio Lottery server to another via a secure connection. Access to (and the use thereof) personally identifiable customer information is restricted to authorized personnel and is permitted only when prompted by you, or as dictated by service, support, and/or fulfillment requirements.Although we respect and honor your privacy preferences, the Ohio Lottery shall maintain and reserve the right to contact you (via email, phone, fax, mail, or otherwise) when it deems appropriate, such as for nonmarketing purposes , such as bug alerts, security breaches, and/or changes that may impact your ability to use the Ohio Lottery website.Pursuant to Ohio Revised Code, sections 149.43, 1347.08 and 1347.09, users may have rights to their information given to this site, in respect to inspecting, correcting and disputing.Some hypertext links on the Ohio Lottery Web site link to other sites and other third parties. By clicking on any of these links, you are leaving our Web site. The Ohio Lottery has no control over the information collected by any third party after you have left the Ohio Lottery Web site. The Ohio Lottery encourages you to read their privacy policies.The data collection, usage and disclosure practices of any third party linked to the Ohio Lottery Web site are not covered by this Privacy Policy. The Ohio Lottery assumes no liability and is not responsible for any practices of such third party Web sites, including their privacy practices or content, or disclosure of information by third parties.Reference to any non-state resource, including non-state Web sites linked to this site, does not constitute an endorsement by the Ohio Lottery. The Ohio Lottery is not responsible for the contents of any non-state Web sites linked to this site, and any views expressed on such Web sites do not necessarily represent the views of the Ohio Lottery. You assume any and all risk associated with the use of any non-state Web site linked to this site. The Ohio Lottery does not guarantee or warrant any information, services or products advertised or offered on non-state Web sites.The Ohio Lottery may revise this policy from time to time. This is a statement of policy and should not be interpreted as a contract of any kind. This Privacy Policy was last modified on May 27, 2015.Neither the Ohio Lottery nor any of its employees shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information. In no event shall the State of Ohio and/or the Ohio Lottery, its directors, employees or commissioners be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement or substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or under any other cause of action. Internet usage by children should be under the direct supervision of a parent or legal guardian. Individuals under the age of 18 are prohibited from playing the Ohio Lottery.Although the data found on the Ohio Lottery Web site has been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information. The Ohio Lottery provides this information on an "as is" basis. All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed. The information provided in this privacy statement should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through this Web site.Text DAILY to 20731 to receive winning numbers and jackpot information. Depending on text message selections you may receive up to 14 messages per week. Message and data rates may apply. Text HELP to 20731 for help. Text STOP to 20731 to cancel. You must have a two-way text-enabled phone with compatible carrier and plan. Compatible major carriers include Alltel Wireless, AT&T, Boost Mobile, Cricket, Metro PCS, Nextel, Sprint, T-Mobile (R), U.S. Cellular, Verizon Wireless and Virgin Mobile USA. Text messaging is not available in all areas of the United States.Any further questions concerning the privacy policy for the Ohio Lottery Web site may be sent to olcwebmail@lottery.ohio.gov 