
Where applicable law allows for such a request, if you would like to request to access, correct, object to the use, restrict or delete Personal Information that you have previously provided to us, or if you would like to request to receive an electronic copy of your Personal Information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by applicable law), you may contact MINDBODY at privacy@mindbodyonline.com with the subject line “Data Subject Request.” We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.  Moreover, where you are an End User, MINDBODY may need to forward your request and refer you to your Subscriber who may be better placed to address your request.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion). There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
If you are under 18 years of age and a user of the MINDBODY Services, you may also be entitled to ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the MINDBODY Service by submitting a request to support@mindbodyonline.com. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information.
If you are a customer of one of our Subscribers and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Subscribers, or would like request the exercise of a right as set out above in relation to Personal Information held by a Subscriber, please contact the Subscriber directly.

