

Privacy Policy

	Introduction

	www.bordgaisenergytheatre.ie (the “Website”) is operated by Bord Gáis Energy Theatre registered as Crownway Entertainment Ltd (“we”/”us”/”our”).

	We respect your right to privacy and comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2002. We hope the following Website Privacy Policy will help you understand how we at Bord Gais Energy Theatre collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site. By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of this Website Privacy Policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites.

	We will be happy to answer any enquiries from you regarding this Privacy Policy, the Personal Data we hold about you or the use we make of it, or if you (as a subscriber) wish to correct, update, amend or remove any information we hold about you, you may contact us at justask@bgetheatre.ie We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make.

	Types of Information Collected

	I.    Non-subscribers

	If you are merely visiting the public areas of the Website, we do not collect any Personal Data about you. However, we may automatically collect information about your visits, such as browsing patterns. Information collected in this way does not reveal your contact details or any type of Personal Data. This information is only used in aggregate form to analyse, manage and develop the Website and is not linked to any individual.

	II.    Subscribers

	The Website may now or at some point in the future offer services which are only available to subscribers to the Website. If you are a subscriber to the Website, we will collect and hold Personal Data about you when you apply to become a subscriber. The Personal Data collected by us may include your full name, password, e-mail address, date of birth, gender, country of residence, postcode and your mobile telephone number. From time to time you may also provide other Personal Data which we need to provide you with the service you request, such as your credit card details, other information about yourself, your preferences or your experiences.

	HOW DO WE USE SUBSCRIBERS’ PERSONAL DATA?

	i.    Services

	We will use all Personal Data for the purpose of providing you with the services you have requested in accordance with the Website Terms and Conditions.

	 ii.    Marketing

	From time to time, we may use your Personal Data to let you know about other services and products that we or our associated companies provide, special offers and also to provide news about our business. This will be in accordance with the preferences for the Website updates which you have registered with us. You may amend your preferences at any time in accordance with clause 1.2 above.

	iii.    Legal requirements

	We reserve the right to access and disclose Personal Data to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests or requests by the police investigating suspected illegal activities, to operate our systems properly or to protect ourselves or other the Website users. We also reserve the right to disclose Personal Data to third parties if a complaint arises concerning your use of the Website, and that use is deemed by us to be inconsistent with the Conditions.

	iv.    Public Forums

	The Website may make available chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups. Please remember that any Personal Data that you disclose in these areas of the Website becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any information on them.

	2.    HOW DO WE PROTECT SUBSCRIBERS’ PERSONAL DATA?

	When you input any Personal Data into the Website or request services from us, we use appropriate physical, electronic and managerial security measures to try to prevent that Personal Data from being accessed by unauthorised persons and to ensure that you may input Personal Data safely. This means that sometimes we may ask for proof of identity before we disclose Personal Data to you.

	3.    COOKIES

	The Website makes use of cookies which are files placed on your computer that enables us to track certain information relating to your use of the Website. You may be able to configure your web browser to prevent the use of cookies although some functions or services may not be available. We also allow third party advertisers to advertise on the Website and such advertisers may also use cookies to record information about your use of the advertisement which you have seen and the types of things you appear interested in. For more information on the use of cookies and how to disable them, we recommend www.allaboutcookies.org.

	4.    SALE OR MERGER

	If the Website is sold to or merges with, or if our business is sold to, merges with or enters a joint venture with another company, you should expect that some or all of the Personal Data collected from the Website may be transferred to the buyer/surviving company. If so, we will seek to obligate the other company to use any Personal Data transferred by the Website in a manner consistent with this statement, but we cannot guarantee that we will be able to impose that requirement or that the acquiring company will comply.

	5.    THIRD PARTIES

	From time to time we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by us to provide additional features on the Website. As a result of these special relationships, the Website may sometimes feature co-branded micro sites or webpages, for example, a page with our name and TicketMaster’s name.

	i.    You should look for a specific privacy statement on any such co-branded page. Any Personal Data that you provide when signing up on one of these co-branded pages may be shared with our third party partner in accordance with the privacy statement on that page.

	6.    CONSENT

	By accepting the Conditions or by using the services on the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data by us for the purposes outlined above and for any other purpose which is reasonably necessary for the provision or proper administration of the Website service in accordance with the Conditions.

	i.    You agree that your Personal Data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area for the purposes described above to countries which may not provide legal protection of Personal Data equivalent to the level of protection within the Republic Of Ireland.

	ii.    If you do not wish your Personal Data to be used in the manner set out in this Privacy Statement or the Conditions please do not use the Website.

	7.    CHANGES TO OUR POLICY

	This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. We will use Personal Data in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which that Personal Data was collected.

	This Privacy policy is part of the Website Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) and all defined terms shall have the same meaning as those in the Conditions.

