
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Mountain Warehouse we treat customers’ personal information and details extremely seriously. We will only use the information we collect about you in accordance with The General Data Protection Regulation and The UK Data Protection Act 2018 (‘Data Protection Law’) with the primary purpose of making your shopping experience as enjoyable and easy as possible.
Personal information that we collect about you and why

Information that you enter when registering an account, placing an order online or requesting an e-receipt in store. We require your postal address to deliver your order, e-mail address to send your order and despatch confirmation as well as sending promotional materials if you have requested them, password, telephone number in case we have any issues with your order, financial and credit card information to take payment, and your name so we know what to call you.
Details of your past transactions so:
i) You can get a refund or replacement if necessary
ii) We can let you know about our products that we think you will be interested in
Details when you get in touch with us via email or phone
Your answers to our post purchase survey to give informative recommendations online and continually make improvements to our products and service
Your device and browser information, the route you took to land on our website as well as website data such as page views, length of visit and clicks. This helps us optimise your shopping experience with us and ensure our functionality is working.

How long we retain your data
We will hold this information for as long as you remain an active customer and for 5 years afterwards or where otherwise required
Marketing Communications
If you have requested us to do so, or we feel that from your previous transactions, that you might be interested in our catalogue, then we will send you communications informing you of our products and special offers. If  you have browsed our website and previously given Mountain Warehouse your contact details then we may use this information to send you Marketing communications. You can change your mind on how you would like to be communicated with or unsubscribe at any time by either:
Clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every email or by contacting our customer services team either via email ([email protected]) or by phone (02038287700).
You can also opt out of receiving catalogues by contacting customer services via email or phone on the contact details above.
For opting out of receiving communications prompted by online behaviour please see our Cookie Statement.
Please note that it can take up to 24 hours to be removed from our list therefore you may be selected for one final email before removal. Our catalogue has a longer production time, so you may receive one more mailing before removal up to one month after opting out.
Who we share your personal information with
We will never (ever) sell any of your personal data to a third party. However, we do need to share your data with a number of companies that we work with to provide the service and shopping experience that you are used to. See examples of said companies below:

Companies that make sure your order is completed and arrives at your door, such as payment service providers, our warehouse, order packers and delivery companies
Marketing agencies and suppliers, such as printers, email service providers, data cleansing providers and media partners.
Fraud prevention agencies & law enforcement so we can manage fraud
Marketplace sellers where you can place an order such as Amazon

Privacy of children and sensitive information
We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly obtain any Sensitive Personal Data about our customers, such as information about health or medical conditions, race or religious beliefs. We regularly cleanse our data and would remove anyone flagged as deceased from receiving any marketing communications from us.
If we are made aware that we have received information from anyone under the age of 13 or Sensitive Personal Data in violation of this Privacy Policy, we will immediately ensure that they do not receive marketing communications from us and will take steps to remove them from our database.
How We Use Cookies On Our Websites
We use cookies on our website. For more information on cookies, please see our Cookie Policy to find out more about the cookies we use and how to manage and delete cookies
Contact Us
If you want to know more about the data that we may hold for you or want to know more information on how Mountain Warehouse collects, stores and processes your personal information then please contact our Privacy team on [email protected]
If you are not satisfied with the way in which we have resolved your questions, you can contact the national data protection authority of your country; Within the UK, Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ICO helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may amend this privacy policy at any time so please ensure you check the latest version regularly
Date – 13th December 2018

