​Cardiff Metropolitan University takes the responsibility towards protecting your privacy, when you use our web sites and services, very seriously. This statement describes why we may collect information from you and how this will be treated. Please note that non-Cardiff Metropolitan University web sites, which may be linked to, are not covered by this statement, but where relevant we have provided links to further information below.1. Information CollectionInformation may be collected from you either automatically in an anonymous form through the use of Cookies, or alternatively personal information may be acquired manually by you entering it into web based forms.2. Use of CookiesWe may store information, about your access to our web sites, using cookies. These are files, sent by us to your computer or other access device, which can then be accessed when you visit our sites in future. These may be utilised for two reasons on Cardiff Metropolitan University web sites and services.a) Google AnalyticsCookies are used by Google Analytics, a statistical tool that analyses usage of web sites by collecting internet log and behavioural information in an anonymous form. This information is then used to report on activity and provide an indication of web site usage, enabling us to provide a better service and inform our advertising. (See also 4. Advertising – Google Ads)Further information on Google Analytics and your privacy. b) AuthenticationIn addition cookies are used to aid with service and system access by allowing you to move around within our web sites without having to re-authenticate. Such cookies will then normally be automatically removed from your computer when you close down your browser windows.For further information on cookies and instructions on their control and deletion please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/. Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our web sites or services.3. Personal InformationPersonal Information (such as Name, Address, Telephone Number), that you provide to us through the use of web forms, will be stored securely and will only be accessed by authorised Cardiff Metropolitan University personnel and be used (where specific consent has been given) to contact you in context of your enquiry/event booking.We may also disclose your information to third parties, such as service providers or agencies, who act for us in providing our services. In such cases we will take steps to ensure the information is only used in accordance with the terms identified in this document.Unless required or permitted do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.Some URLs are operated for us, Cardiff Metropolitan University by Campus Management Corp UK Ltd (Formerly Hobsons plc) of IDT House, 44 Featherstone Street, London EC1Y 8RN. Cardiff Met is responsible for the use of personal information collected from this website: anything referred to in this policy as to be undertaken by the University may be undertaken by Campus Management for the University and any dealings between you and "the University" or "us" equally include any dealings by you with Campus Management where they are acting for Cardiff Met. For further information on how your data is stored by Campus Management, please visit: https://www.campusmanagement.com/about-us/privacy/ 4. Advertisingthe University currently collects and uses information from your browsing activity across our website for marketing/remarketing purposes across the following channels:Facebook and InstagramThe University website uses the 'Facebook Pixel' (a small block of code) in order to track which pages of our website you visit and what actions you may take. This allows us to send information about the actions you may take on our website ("Event Data") to Facebook to track conversions ("Conversion Tracking") and to create custom audiences to serve you with targeted and relevant advertising across the Facebook and Instagram platforms ("Custom Audiences from your Website"). Further information about the Facebook Pixel and Privacy Policy.You can also manage your Ad settings within your Facebook account.TwitterThe University website uses the Twitter 'Universal Website Tag' (a small block of code) to track which pages of our website you visit in order for us to utilise the 'Custom Audiences' and 'Conversion Tracking' features of Twitter Ads. We then use this information to serve you with relevant and targeted adverts across the Twitter platform.Further information about the Twitter Privacy Policy.Google Ads (Search, Display and YouTube)The University uses the Google AdWords platform to serve relevant and targeted advertising to visitors of the University website. Data (browsing data) collected via Google Analytics is used to create custom audience profiles. These profiles are used to re-market and serve you with relevant adverts across the Google search and display networks including YouTube. Any user actions from such advertising (e.g. clicks or event registrations) is passed back to Google Analytics to allow the University to track conversions and measure the impact of any such advertising.For further information about the Google Privacy Policy.You can also control how adverts are served to you across the Google network. For more information and how you can opt-out of receiving such advertising across the above channels, please visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/  5. Further InformationIf you have any queries or require further clarification on this privacy statement or on the handling of your personal information then please contact itsecurity@cardiffmet.ac.uk. 
