
PSCU intends for this Web site to complement the solutions and services the organization provides. We also believe that online security and privacy are important to the future success of the Internet and electronic commerce, and that online security and privacy are important to both our credit unions and its members.
PSCU has a strong commitment to the issues of trust and privacy on the World Wide Web as demonstrated by our agreement with ICSA.net, the worldwide leader in Internet security assurance services, to provide TruSecure™ certification for our security policies and technical internetworking infrastructure.
We are committed to guarding your data, protecting your members' privacy, and developing technology that gives consumers the most powerful, safe, online experience available anywhere.
 
Collection, Use, and Disclosure
Cookies
PSCU avoids the use of cookies whenever possible but cannot guarantee that we will not use them. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on the PSCU Web site. If you reject the cookie, you may still use either site, but the site's general inability to verify you as the user may result in your inability to participate in any bulletin boards, sweepstakes, contests, or drawings either site might sponsor or promote. Cookies also enable a site to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on each site. Also, please understand that some business partners of PSCU may use cookies on their respective sites. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
IP Addresses
PSCU uses Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track movement of users, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Demographic Information
PSCU shares aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. These statistics help us evaluate the effectiveness and appeal of various services and segments of our Web site.

