
From MeritBadgeDotOrg



 
 This page documents an official MeritBadgeDotOrg policy, an accepted standard that all users should follow. Before editing a page, please make sure that your revision reflects consensus. When in doubt, discuss first on the talk page of the article in question.



  INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE 
  General 
The three sites known as MeritBadge.com, MertiBadge.net, and MeritBadge.org shall be referred to collectively as "the web sites" and shall only be named individually where policies differ between the sites.
The web sites are the sole owner of the information collected on these sites. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Currently, the web sites only collect information from their visitors for participation in the forums and participation in the wiki.

  The Forums 
MeritBadge.net provides an online forum for discussing Scouting issues free of charge and without registration requirements subject to an additional conditions of use and privacy policy notice. All contributions to the forum are displayed on the MeritBadge.net website. This forum is reviewed periodically by the MeritBadge.net team members for appropriate content. Youth visitors under 13 years of age may read the forums but are not allowed to join and participate in the forums without the express written permission of MeritBadge.net.

  The Wiki 
MeritBadge.org provides an online wiki for the dissimination of Scouting information free of charge and without registration requirements subject to an additional conditions of use and privacy policy notice. All contributions to the wiki are displayed on the MeritBadge.org website. This forum is reviewed periodically by the MeritBadge.org team members for appropriate content. Only adult Scouters registered with the Boy Scouts of America are allowed to register and edit information in the wiki. Youth visitors may read the wiki but are not allowed to join and participate in the wiki without the express written permission of MeritBadge.org.

  Links 
This website contains thousands of links to other sites. When we link to another site, we try to assure that the other site is displayed outside of any frames that we may use on any of our pages. After clicking on a link you should look at the address/location box on your browser to determine which site you are visiting. If the address has changed from a MeritBadge.com/org/net address to a different address, the content and practices of that site are beyond our control. Please be aware that MeritBadge.com/org/net is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. The privacy statement on this web page applies solely to information collected by the web sites .

  Log Files 
Like all web sites, we log all accesses to our website for administrative, statistical, and security purposes.

  POLICIES FOR YOUTH (Ages as specified) 
No registration is required to visit the web sites. Youth have complete access to all public information published online at the web sites. They are designed and intended to be family friendly. Youth under the age of 13 are restricted from conducting any internet correspondence with the web sites. A parent or guardian may contact the web sites on the youth's behalf. We will not respond to youth members under the age of 13. No personal information about youth is posted online at the web sites by our staff. While youth visitors under the age of 18 are allowed to read our forums and wiki, they are not allowed to participate directly in those forums or wiki for any reason without the express written permission of the web sites.

  REGISTRATION 
Site visitors are not required to complete a registration form to visit our sites or to view any published contents. No visitor is required at any time to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers (such as social security number). Visitors wishing to become a member of our forums and/or a member of the wiki are required to provide an e-mail address.

  Sharing information with third parties
The web sites do not currently share aggregated demographic information with advertisers.

  Surveys & Contests 
The web sites do not conduct surveys or contests.

  Suggestions and Comments 
When you submit information via email to the web sites using our Feedback or Submissions web pages, we may share this information with any of the members of the web sites team. We reserve the right to share this information with others outside our team when appropriate such as when necessary to protect the public, to provide useful feedback to the Boy Scouts of America, and to better serve the users of the web sites.

  Supplementation of Information 
The web sites do not supplement the information we receive from visitors with information from 3rd party sources.

  ADMINISTRATION
  Notification of Changes 
If the web sites decide to change their privacy policies, we will announce those changes on our home page so that our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

  Correction/Updating/Removing Personal Information 
If a forum or wiki member's personally identifiable information changes, or if a member no longer desires our service, we will correct, update, or remove that member's personal data provided to us. Contact us via our Feedback page and let us know what changes you would like made to your information.

  Your Acceptance of These Terms 
By using this website, you signify your assent to our Internet Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the web sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
The Internet Privacy Policy is published to comply with the United States Federal Trade Commission rules for website operators to make sure that youth privacy is protected while they're online. These rules are part of the 1998 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
Parents are encouraged to read Protecting Your Child's Privacy Online and Net Cetera: Chatting with Kids About Being Online at the US Federal Trade Commission website.

 MeritBadgeDotOrg Policies


