

Personal information provided to ACS will not be disclosed to other organisations or individuals without the provider's express permission or when obliged to provide such information by lawful authority.
The ACS may disclose personal information for secondary purposes that are related to the primary collection purposes but only in situations where it is reasonable to expect such information to be disclosed. Typically this would be for normal internal business practices (auditing, product development etc).
The ACS is represented on a number of international bodies (including IFIP, SEARCC and IP3) and is a signatory to the Seoul Accord. It does not disclose any personal information to these bodies other than that of the ACS’s appointed representatives. 
The ACS is a Registered Training Organisation (RTO) within the Australian Skills Quality Authority  (ASQA) framework and as such is required to comply with the National VET Provider Collection Data Requirements Policy. This includes providing reports which reveal personal information. This information, which is presented in aggregated form and is used by VET regulators to better support the VET sector, will not identify individuals.
The ACS is obligated by statute (Associations Incorporations Act of the ACT 1991) to make available for inspection by the members of the ACS the Prescribed Information in its Register of members. Prescribed Information includes the name and address of each member. 
 
Marketing our products and services is important to us in order to fulfil our role. We use a number of direct marketing strategies and channels including email, mail, SMS, social media and telephone.
The ACS will from time to time enter into contractual agreements with other organisations to provide services/benefits to ACS members. On occasion, personal information on ACS members will be released to those contracted third parties for the purposes that the contract was entered into. Our contracted third parties may use similar marketing strategies and channels as the ACS. Members have an Opt In facility on the ACS website to grant consent to receive these third party communications. Also, the ACS will be expanding its options for members to choose which third party communications they would like to receive and the frequency. Non-members can use the unsubscribe facility attached to marketing communications.  
Likewise, members and others who have registered for an ACS event have an Opt In facility to receive SMS communications (typically reminders for events).
ACS will never sell, trade, lease or rent any personally identifiable information to other organisations except as stated and agreed when collecting information from members or other persons.
The ACS reserves the right to communicate with members about the substantive affairs of the Society.


