

Personal information provided to ACS will not be disclosed to other organisations or individuals without the provider's permission or when obliged to provide such information by lawful authority.
ACS may disclose personal information for secondary purposes that are related to the primary collection purpose but only in situations where it is reasonable to expect such information to be disclosed. Typically this would be for internal business practices (auditing, product development etc).
ACS is represented on a number of international bodies (including IFIP, SEARCC and IP3) and is a signatory to the Seoul Accord. It does not disclose any personal information to these bodies other than that of the ACS’s appointed representatives.
ACS is a Registered Training Organisation (RTO) within the Australian Skills Quality Authority (ASQA) framework and as such is required to comply with the National VET Provider Collection Data Requirements Policy. This includes providing reports which reveal personal information. This information is presented in aggregated form and used by VET regulators to better support the VET sector and will not identify individuals.
ACS is obligated by statute (Associations Incorporation Act 1991) to make available for inspection by the members of ACS the Prescribed Information in its Register of members. Prescribed Information includes the name and address of each member.
Marketing ACS products and services is important for us to fulfil our role. We use a number of direct marketing strategies and channels including email, mail, SMS, social media and telephone.
ACS will from time to time enter into contractual agreements with other organisations to provide services/benefits to ACS members. On occasion, personal information on ACS members will be released to those contracted third parties for the purposes that the contract was entered into. Our contracted third parties may use similar marketing strategies and channels as ACS. Members have an Opt In option on ACS' website to grant consent to receive such third party communications. Also, ACS will be expanding its options for members to choose which third party communications they would like to receive and the frequency. Non-members can use the unsubscribe option available on marketing communications.
Likewise, members and others who have registered for an ACS event have an Opt In option to receive SMS communications (typically reminders for events).
ACS will never sell, trade, lease or rent any personally identifiable information to other organisations except as stated and agreed when collecting information from members or other persons.
ACS reserves the right to communicate with members about the substantive affairs of the organisation.


