We review this Privacy Statement regularly. Occasionally we may need to make changes or additions to this Statement that may affect how we handle your data.   We will indicate on this page when the Privacy Statement has changed so please refer to this link for the latest version. This Privacy Statement was last reviewed and updated in October 2015.
 
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
www.google.com/analytics/en-GB/tos.html
You can prevent your data from being gathered by Google Analytics in future by installing an opt-out browser add-on.
 
Use of Personal Information
Plunet GmbH may share non-personal, summary information regarding its customers with partners or other third parties. However, for partners or third parties under contract with Plunet GmbH, any individual customer information provided shall be used only to perform or complete a necessary transaction or function related to the customer’s purchase. These transactions or functions shall be in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy Statement. In some cases, Plunet GmbH may use a visitor’s personal information to understand overall patterns for site usage, to contact the user for clarification on inaccurate information, to follow up on a customer service issue or for marketing purposes. Personal information may include name, address, telephone number, etc.
 
Links to non-Plunet websites
Plunet GmbH sites may provide links to third-party applications, products, services, or websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Plunet site. Plunet GmbH does not control those third party sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Plunet GmbH‘s practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party sites. The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the Plunet GmbH Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal information.
We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with Plunet on various social media sites. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.
 
Cookies
When you visit our Websites we may send a ‘cookie’ to your computer. Cookies are files that store information on your hard drive or browser. They enable our Websites to identify your computer, and recognise that you have visited before. Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information. However, we may link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. This three types of cookies are used on this website:
 

Session Cookies (Non-Persistent Cookies): Session Cookies are the cookies which exist only while the user is on a particular website. These cookies are deleted once the user exits the web page.
Persistent Cookies:  Persistent Cookies are the cookies which remain on your device for a longer period of time. They are used to recognize a return visitor as a unique user. If the visitor restricts persistent cookies, these cookies fail to gather any information about that visitor.
Third Party Cookies: Certain third party cookies placed on your device are used for analytical and advertising purposes. These cookies can be persistent or non-persistent and are placed from different domain names.

 
To help us improve our privacy policies, please give us your feedback, comments and suggestions.
