We review this Privacy Statement regularly. Occasionally we may need to make changes or additions to this Statement that may affect how we handle your data. We will indicate on this page when the Privacy Statement has changed so please refer to this site for the latest version. This Privacy Statement was last reviewed and updated in June 2018.
  
Privacy policy
The protection of your personal information is a very serious issue for Plunet GmbH. We maintain the confidentiality of your personal data and handle the information in accordance with the statutory data protection requirements and this privacy policy. The use of our website generally does not require an input of personal data. Wherever personal data is collected on our pages (e.g. name, address or email address), the provision of such information is – wherever possible – voluntary. None of this information is disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.
Plunet GmbH would like to remind you that any data transmission via the Internet (e.g. email communication) may be vulnerable to security gaps. Absolute protection against access by third parties is not possible.
  
Name and address of the controller
A controller as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation and other data protection laws and provisions concerning data protection valid in member states of the European Union is Plunet GmbH, represented by its managing directors, Marktplatz 24, 97070 Würzburg, Germany, Phone +49 (0)931 321 12 20, Fax +49 (0)931 321 12 22, info@plunet.com.
 
Data protection officer
You can directly contact the data protection officer appointed by the operator via privacy@plunet.com.
 
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
You can prevent cookies from being stored via the relevant setting in your browser software; however, we must point out that this setting may prevent you from utilizing the full scope of functionalities on this website. Furthermore, you can prevent the data created by the cookie based on your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being collected by Google and such data from being processed by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin that is available via the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
 
Data capture opt-out
You can prevent your data from being collected by Google Analytics by clicking the following link. An opt-out cookie will be stored, which will prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this website: Deactivating Google Analytics.
Further information about the handling of user information by Google Analytics can be found in Google’s Privacy Policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
 
Use of Personal Information
Plunet GmbH reserves the right to provide partners and other third parties with general customer information. These partners or third parties contractually bound to Plunet GmbH are permitted to only use the customer information provided for the execution and completion of transactions and functions required in connection with the customer order; this use applies mainly to webinars conducted by our partners. These transactions or functions must fully comply with the guidelines set out in this privacy policy.
In some cases, Plunet GmbH may utilize the personal information of users for the purpose of analyzing general usage patterns on its websites, for contacting the user to clarify ambiguous information, for the processing of customer support queries or for marketing purposes. Personal information in this context are name (company affiliation, if applicable), address, phone number and email address.
 
Links to websites of third-party providers
Plunet GmbH sites may provide links to third-party applications, products, services, or websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Plunet site. Plunet GmbH does not control those third party sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Plunet GmbH‘s practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party sites. The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the Plunet GmbH Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal information.
We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with Plunet on various social media sites. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.
 
SSL encryption
The Plunet GmbH homepage uses SSL encryption for security reasons and in order to safeguard the transmission of confidential information, e.g. the requests you send to us as the website operator. An encrypted connection is established when the address line in your browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and a lock icon is displayed in the address line. Data transmitted to us cannot be accessed by third parties when SSL encryption is activated.
 
Use of cookies
When you visit our Websites we may send a ‘cookie’ to your computer. Cookies are files that store information on your hard drive or browser. They enable our Websites to identify your computer, and recognise that you have visited before. Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information. However, we may link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. This three types of cookies are used on this website:

Session Cookies (Non-Persistent Cookies): Session Cookies are the cookies which exist only while the user is on a particular website. These cookies are deleted once the user exits the web page.
Persistent Cookies:  Persistent Cookies are the cookies which remain on your device for a longer period of time. They are used to recognize a return visitor as a unique user. If the visitor restricts persistent cookies, these cookies fail to gather any information about that visitor.
Third-party provider cookies: Some cookies are placed on your device and used by third-party providers for analysis and advertising purposes. They are saved either permanently or temporarily, and are stored via various domain names. You can configure your browser to notify you whenever a cookie is placed on your computer and to only permit cookies to be stored on a case by case basis. You can also prevent cookies from being accepted for specific domains or in general, and automatically delete all cookies when you end a browser session. The functionality of this website may be limited when cookies are deactivated.

Privacy statement for the usage of Facebook plugins
Plugins from the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1601 WILLOW ROAD MENLO PARK, CA 94025, USA, are integrated in this website. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo or the “Like button” on our page. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. When you visit this website, a direct connection will be set up between your browser and the Facebook server via the plugin. In this way, Facebook obtains the information that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click the Facebook “Like button” while you are logged in with your Facebook account, you can link the contents of this website on your Facebook profile. In this way, Facebook can link the visit of our website to your user account. We would like to advise that we as the provider of the Plunet website do not obtain any knowledge of the content of the transferred data or their usage by Facebook. Further information can be found in Facebook’s privacy policy: http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php. If you do not want Facebook to be able to link your visit of this website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook account.
 
Facebook Remarketing / Retargeting
Remarketing tags from the social network Facebook are integrated in this website. When you visit this website, a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server is set up via the remarketing tags. In this way, Facebook obtains the information that you have visited this website with your IP address and can link the visit of this website to your user account. We can use the information obtained in this way to display Facebook Ads. We would like to advise that we as the provider of the Plunet website do not obtain any knowledge of the content of the transferred data or their usage by Facebook. Further information can be found in Facebook’s privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. If you do not want any data acquisition via Custom Audience, you can deactivate Custom Audiences here.
 
Conversion Tracking with the Facebook pixel
With your consent, we use the “Facebook pixel” (from Facebook Inc.) in our Internet presence. This helps us to track the actions of users after they have seen or clicked on a Facebook advert. In this way, we can determine the effectiveness of the Facebook adverts for statistical and economical purposes. The data gathered here are anonymous to us, which means that we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, these data are stored and processed by Facebook. Facebook can link these data to your Facebook account and use them for advertising purposes in accordance with Facebook’s data usage guidelines https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can enable Facebook and its partners to place adverts on and outside of Facebook. Furthermore, a cookie may be stored on your computer for this purpose.
 
Privacy statement for the usage of LinkedIn
This website uses features from the network LinkedIn. The provider is the LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Each time you open this website, which contains functions from LinkedIn, a connection is established with the LinkedIn servers. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our website with your IP address. When you click the “Recommend button” from LinkedIn and you are logged into your LinkedIn account, it is possible for LinkedIn to link your visit to our Internet page with you and your user account. We would like to advise that we as the provider of the Plunet website do not have any knowledge of the content of the transferred data or their usage by LinkedIn. Further information can be found in LinkedIn’s privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
 
Privacy statement for the usage of LinkedIn Conversion Tracking and Retargeting
This website uses the conversion tracking technology and the corresponding “Matched Audience” retargeting function from the LinkedIn Corporation (“LinkedIn”). The technology is designed to show visitors of our this website interest-related adverts when they visit the career network LinkedIn. In addition, the website owner receives anonymous reports from LinkedIn on the performance of the adverts and information about how you interact with the website. The Insight tag from LinkedIn is integrated in this website for this purpose. If you are logged into your LinkedIn account, a connection with the LinkedIn servers is set up via this tag when you visit this website. In this way, LinkedIn can link your visit to the website with your personal user account. Further information about how LinkedIn collects and uses data, your rights in this respect and options for protecting your privacy can be found in LinkedIn’s privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy Alternatively, you can unsubscribe from interest-based adverts on LinkedIn here: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/enhanced-advertising. To do this, you need to be logged into LinkedIn.
 
Privacy statement for the usage of Twitter
Features of the service Twitter are integrated in this website. These features are provided by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. By using Twitter and the “Retweet” function, the websites that you visit are linked to your Twitter account and shared with other users. Data is also transferred to Twitter in the process. We would like to advise that we as the provider of the Plunet website do not obtain any knowledge of the content of the transferred data or their usage by Twitter. Further information can be found in Twitter’s privacy policy: http://twitter.com/privacy. You can modify your privacy settings for Twitter in your account settings: http://twitter.com/account/settings.
 
Privacy statement for the usage of XING
This website uses features of the network XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Each time you open our website, which contains features from XING, a connection is established with the XING servers. As far as we know, personal data are not retained in the process. In particular, no IP addresses are saved and no usage behavior is evaluated. Further information about privacy and the XING “Share” button can be found in XING’s data protection guidelines: https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection
 
Privacy statement for the usage of Google+
Our pages utilize Google+ functions. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Collection and disclosure of information: The Google+ button allows you to publish information worldwide. You and other users receive personalized content from Google and our partners via the Google+ button.
Google stores the information that you ranked a content as +1, as well as information about the page you were viewing when you clicked +1. Your +1 activities may be displayed as references together with your profile name and profile picture in Google services such as search results and your own Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and online adverts.
Google records information about your +1 activities to improve Google services for you and others. In order to use the Google+ button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile containing at least the name selected for the profile. This name will be used in all Google services. In some cases, this name may replace another name that you have used when sharing content via your Google account.
Users who know your email address or have other identifying information about you may see the identity of your Google profile. Utilization of collected information: In addition to the purposes outlined above, the information provided by you will be used in accordance with the applicable Google privacy policy.
Google may publish aggregated statistical information about the +1 activities of users and may forward the results to users and partners, e.g. publishers, advertisers or associated websites. Further information can be found in Google’s privacy policy: https://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/+/policy/
 
Privacy statement for the usage of Instagram
Our pages include Instagram service functionalities. These functionalities are provided by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA. Clicking the Instagram button on our pages will link the page content to your Instagram profile, provided you are currently logged in to your Instagram account. Instagram will then be able to attribute your visit to our pages to your user account. Please note that as provider of these pages, we are not privy to the content of the data transmitted or their use by Instagram. Please read the Instagram privacy policy for more information: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
 
Privacy statement for the usage of YouTube
Our website uses plugins provided by the Google-operated website YouTube. The pages are operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. A connection to YouTube servers is established when you visit one of our pages containing the YouTube plugin. The YouTube server receives information about which of our pages you have visited. YouTube will be able to directly attribute your surfing behavior to your personal profile if you are logged in to your YouTube account while visiting our pages.
You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account before visiting our website. Please read the YouTube privacy policy for more information about their handling of user data: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
 
Newsletter subscription
Users of the Plunet GmbH web presence are given the option to subscribe to the newsletter published by our company. The type of personal data transmitted to the controller as part of your newsletter subscription request depends on the data entered in the relevant input mask.
Plunet GmbH uses the newsletter to periodically inform its customers and business partners about services provided by the company. In general, our company newsletter can only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid email address and (2) the data subject has subscribed to receive the newsletter. For legal reasons, a confirmation email using the double opt-in process will be sent to the email address provided to receive the newsletter for the first time by a data subject. This confirmation email serves as verification that the holder of the email address as the data subject has authorized the newsletter subscription.
As part of the newsletter subscription process, we furthermore store the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the computer system used by the data subject at the time of subscription, as well as the date and time of subscription. The collection of this information is necessary in order to trace (possible) misuse of the email address of a data subject at a later time and is therefore required to prevent any legal liability of the controller.
The personal data collected within the scope of a newsletter subscription are used exclusively for the mailing of our newsletter. This data may furthermore be used for email communication with the newsletter subscriber if required for the operation of the newsletter service or an associated registration. This may be the case if there are any changes made to the newsletter service or changes in technical conditions.
The personal data collected within the scope of a newsletter service subscription will not be disclosed to third parties. The data subject may terminate the newsletter subscription at any time. The data subject may withdraw permission to store the personal data provided for the newsletter service at any time.
Each newsletter contains a corresponding link to withdraw permission. Subscribers may also inform the controller of their decision to unsubscribe via other means (e.g. by email).
 
Contact options via the website
Due to statutory requirements, the Internet presence of Plunet GmbH contains information to allow quick electronic contact with our company as well as direct communication with us, which includes a general address for “electronic mail” (email address). To the extent that a data subject contacts the controller via email or a contact form, any personal data provided by the data subject will be stored automatically. Such personal data voluntarily transmitted by the data subject to the controller will be stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the relevant data subject. The personal data will not be disclosed to third parties.
 
Routine deletion and blocking of personal data
The data subject’s personal data will be processed and stored by the controller only for the length of time required to fulfill the purpose of its storage or to the extent that this is required by EU directives and regulations or other statutory provisions applicable to the controller.
Personal data is routinely blocked or deleted according to statutory provisions as soon as the reason for storage of such information is no longer applicable or the retention period prescribed by EU directives and regulations or other applicable statutory provisions has expired.
 
Legal basis for processing
Article 6, paragraph 1, point a GDPR is the legal basis for processing operations at Plunet GmbH for which we request consent for specific purposes. Where the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract in which the data subject is a contractual party, e.g. for processing operations required for the delivery of goods or the provision of other services or return services, then the processing shall be based on Article 6, paragraph 1, point b GDPR. The same shall apply for processing operations necessary in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract, e.g. for requests regarding our products or services.
Where our company is subject to a legal obligation requiring the processing of personal data, e.g. the fulfillment of tax obligations, then such processing shall be based on Article 6, paragraph 1, point c GDPR. In rare instances, the processing of personal data may become necessary for the protection of vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. In such cases, the processing would be based on Article 6, paragraph 1, point d GDPR. Finally, processing operations may also be based on Article 6, paragraph 1, point f GDPR. This legal basis provides for processing operations not covered by any of the above if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Plunet GmbH or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject. These processing operations are permitted in particular because they are mentioned specifically by the EU legislator. In its opinion, a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47, sentence 2 GDPR).
 
Rights of the data subject
 
Right to confirmation
The European legislative and regulatory body grants each data subject the right to obtain confirmation from the controller as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. Where a data subject wishes to execute this confirmation right, he or she can contact an employee of the controller at any time.
 
Right of access
The European legislative and regulatory body grants any data subject affected by the processing of personal data the right to request at any time information about and a copy of the scope of personal data stored about his or her person free of charge from the controller. The European legislative and regulatory body furthermore grants the data subject the right to request the following information:

the purpose for processing
the categories of personal data processed
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as
the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject

Furthermore, the data subject shall have the right to be informed about whether personal data have been transferred to a third country or to an international organization. To the extent that this is the case, the data subject furthermore has the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
Where a data subject wishes to execute this right of access, he or she can contact our data protection officer or another employee of the controller at any time.
 
Right to rectification
The European legislative and regulatory body grants any data subject affected by the processing of personal data the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject furthermore has the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. Where a data subject wishes to execute this right to rectification, he or she can contact an employee of the controller at any time.
 
Right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’)
The European legislative and regulatory body grants any data subject affected by the processing of personal data to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, where one of the following grounds applies and to the extent that processing is not necessary:

the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
the data subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6 (1) GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9 (2) GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21 (2) GDPR;
the personal data have been unlawfully processed.
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8 (1) GDPR.

Where one of the reasons listed above is applicable and a data subject wishes to arrange a deletion of his or her personal data stored by Plunet GmbH, he or she can contact an employee of the controller at any time.
Where Plunet GmbH has made the personal data public and our company is obliged as a controller pursuant to Article 17 (1) GDPR to erase the personal data, Plunet GmbH, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers which are processing the published personal data that the data subject has requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, provided their processing is not required.
 
Right to restriction of processing
The European legislative and regulatory body grants any data subject affected by the processing of personal data the right to request from the controller the restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of their use instead.
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
the data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.

Where one of the conditions listed above is applicable and a data subject wishes to demand a restriction of the use of his or her personal data stored by Plunet GmbH, he or she can contact an employee of the controller at any time.
 
Right to data portability
The European legislative and regulatory body grants any data subject affected by the processing of personal data the right to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which he or she has provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. The individual furthermore has the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, where the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6 (1) GDPR or point (a) of Article 9 (2) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6 (1), and the processing is carried out by automated means, unless processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20 (1) GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and to the extent that this does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
The data subject can contact an employee of Plunet GmbH at any time in order to exercise the right to data portability.
 
Right to object
The European legislative and regulatory body grants any data subject affected by the processing of personal information the right to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6 (1) GDPR, including profiling based on those provisions.
In case of an objection, Plunet GmbH shall no longer process the personal data unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Where Plunet GmbH processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. Where the data subject submits his or her objection to Plunet GmbH regarding the processing for direct marketing purposes, Plunet GmbH shall no longer process these personal data for such purposes.
Where personal data are processed at Plunet GmbH for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89 (1) GDPR, the data subject, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, shall furthermore have the right to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
The data subject can directly contact an employee of Plunet GmbH at any time in order to execute the right to object. In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, the data subject may furthermore exercise his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
 
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
The European legislative and regulatory body grants every data subject affected by the processing of personal data the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her or similarly significantly affects him or her unless the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller; or (2) is authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or (3) is based on the data subject’s explicit consent.
Where the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) where the decision is based on the data subject’s explicit consent, Plunet GmbH shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision.
Where a data subject wishes to execute his or her rights regarding automated decisions, he or she can contact our data protection officer or another employee of the controller at any time.
 
Right to withdraw a data protection consent
The European legislative and regulatory body grants any data subject affected by the processing of personal data the right to withdraw his or her consent to process personal data at any time. Where the data subject wishes to execute his or her right to withdraw this consent, he or she can contact our data protection officer or another employee of the controller at any time.
 
 
Privacy statement of the company Plunet GmbH regarding job applications
We are pleased that you are applying for a job with us. In this document we will explain how we process your personal data during the application process and provide further information that is relevant in this context.
 
Who is responsible for processing your personal data?
The company Plunet GmbH Marktplatz 24, 97070 Würzburg (hereinafter known as “we”) is the Controller as defined in the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
 
Data Protection Officer
For all questions regarding the processing of your personal data and exercising your rights according to the GPDR, please contact our Data Protection Officer at +49 (0)931 32112 15 / datenschutz@plunet.com.
 
For which purposes and in which legal situation do we process personal data?
We process personal data concerning you for the purpose of your application for employment, insofar as this is required for the decision about the justification of an employment contract with us. Applicant data is processed in order to comply with our (pre-)contractual obligations during the application process as defined in article 6, para. 1, letter b GDPR and article 6, para. 1, letter f GDPR, provided that data processing is necessary for us, e.g. in the context of a legal process (in Germany, § 26 BDSG (German federal data protection act) also applies).
Furthermore, we may process personal data concerning you, provided it is required in order to defend against any applicable legal claims against us that arise from the application process. The legal basis for this is article 6, para. 1, letter f of the GDPR, the legitimate interest is, for example, a burden of proof in a legal procedure under the General Act on Equal Treatment (Allgemeinen Gleichbehandlungsgesetz, AGG).
In the event that an employment contract is concluded between you and us, we may further process the personal data that we have already obtained from you for purposes of employment in accordance with article 26, para. 1 BDSG. This will occur if it is necessary for the fulfillment or termination of the employment contract, or to exercise or comply with the rights and obligations of representing the interests of employees that result from a law or wage agreement, company agreement or service agreement (collective agreement).
 
Which categories of personal data do we process?
We process the data that are associated with your application. These are general data related to your person (such as name, address, and contact details), information on your professional qualifications and education or information on professional training, or other information that you send us with your application. Furthermore, we may process any professional information that you have made public, such as a profile on professional social media networks. If special categories of personal data as defined in article 9, para. 1 GDPR data are voluntarily provided during the application process, they shall also be processed according to article 9, para. 2, letter b GDPR (for example, data concerning health, e.g. severely disabled status, or ethnic origin). In the event that special categories of personal data as defined article 9, para. 1 GDPR are requested from applicants during the application process, they shall also be processed according to article 9, para. 2, letter b GDPR (e.g. data concerning health, if this is required for professional activity).
 
What are the sources of personal data if we do not collect them from you?
If we do not directly receive data from you, but you have an active profile on Xing, LinkedIn, and other professional social media networks, or you disclose an inactive or partially active profile to us during the application process, we may also collect data about it.
Social media networks: Xing, LinkedIn
Job adverts are shared in the following social media networks: Xing, LinkedIn, Stepstone, Facebook, Instagram
 
Which categories of data recipients are there?
We may share your personal data with companies that are connected to us, provided this is permitted according to the purposes and legal basis described in para. 3. Furthermore, personal data shall be processed on our behalf based on contracts according to article 28 GDPR, particularly via host providers or providers of applicant management systems.
The recipients of your application documents are:
Erich Gehrsitz – Managing Director
Stefan Dümig – Managing Director
Christoph Heydenbluth – HR
In addition, in the subsequent process we will involve the departments for the positions to be filled in the evaluation of the knowledge we have gained from the application documents. In this way, the specialists shall gain an insight into your professional qualifications, education or information on professional training.
Furthermore, personnel-related processes shall be carried out for the company EDVK Software+Support GmbH & Co. KG (Marktplatz 24, 97070 Würzburg) as subcontractor. If you are applying to EDVK Software+Support GmbH & Co. KG, you explicitly agree that your personal data may be processed and stored by the abovementioned recipients during the application process.
We process your application using HRworks in particular, which means that HRworks GmbH (https://www.hrworks.de/unternehmen/datenschutz/) is also a recipient on our behalf. HRworks has signed a contract with us to ensure compliance with the regulations of the GDPR and BDSG.
 
Do we intend to transfer data to a third party country?
We do not intend to transfer data to a third party country.
 
How long will your data be stored?
We store your personal data as long as it is required in order to make a decision about your application. In the event that an employment contract is not concluded between you and us, we may still store your data provided this is necessary to defend against potential legal claims. The application documents shall be stored for six months after the rejection is communicated to the applicant, unless a longer period of storage is required due to legal disputes. Invoices for any travel cost reimbursements shall be archived in accordance with the tax regulations. Applicant data will also be deleted if an application is withdrawn, which you are entitled to at any time.
 
What rights do you have?
As an applicant, you have the following data protection rights depending on the individual situation. You can contact us or our Data Protection Officer about exercising these rights at any time via the contact information above.
 
Right to access
You have the right to receive information about which personal data are processed by us as well as request access to your personal data and/or copies of these data. This includes information about the purpose of usage, the category of the data being used, the recipient and accessor of the data, and, if possible, the planned period of data storage, or, if this is not possible, the criteria for how this period is defined.
 
Rectification, erasure or restriction of processing
You have the right to request the immediate rectification of any incorrect personal data that concerns you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data – also by means of a supplementary declaration.
 
Right to object
If the personal data concerning you is processed due to article 6, para. 1, letter f GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of the data at any time for reasons resulting from your specific situation. As a result, we shall no longer process these personal data, unless we can prove that there are urgent reasons for processing, due to which the data cannot be deleted, which outweigh your interests, rights, and freedoms, or the processing is required to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
 
Right of revocation
If the processing is based on consent, then you have the right to revoke your consent at any time. This will not affect the legality of the processing that was already carried out based on consent before your consent was revoked. To this end, you can contact us or our Data Protection Officer using the contact information above.
 
Right to erasure
You have the right to request that we immediately delete the personal data concerning you, and we are obliged to delete personal data immediately, provided one of the following reasons applies: 

The personal data are no longer required for the purposes for which they were collected or processed in another way.
You object to the processing of the data in accordance with para. “Right to object” and there are no overriding valid reasons for the processing.
The personal data were processed unlawfully.
The deletion of the personal data is required in order to comply with a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which we are subject.

This does not apply if the processing is necessary in order to:

Comply with a legal obligation that requires the processing under Union law or the law of the Member States to which we are subject.
Assert, exercise or defend legal claims

Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request the restriction of processing from us if one of the following conditions is met:

You dispute the accuracy of the personal data, the processing will be restricted for a period of time that enables us to verify the accuracy of the personal data,
The processing is unlawful and you reject the deletion of the personal data, and instead request the restriction of usage of the personal data,
We no longer require the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you require them in order to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or
You have objected to the processing of the data in accordance with para. 9.c, provided it is not yet clear whether or not our justified reasons outweigh yours.

If the processing was limited according to para. “Right to restriction of processing”, then these personal data – notwithstanding their storage – can only be processed with your consent, or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of significant public interest on the part of the Union or a Member State. 
If you have effected a restriction of processing, then we will inform you before the restriction is removed.
 
Right to appeal
Notwithstanding any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to appeal to a regulatory authroity, particularly in the Member State where you are staying, working or the location of the alleged breach, if you are of the opinion that the processing of the personal data concerning you violates the GDPR.
 
Necessity of providing personal data
The provision of personal data is neither legally nor contractually stipulated, and you are not obliged to provide personal data. However, providing personal data is required in order to enter into an employment contract with us. This means that if you do not provide any personal data in your application, we will not be able to enter into an employment contract with you.
 
No automated decision-making
No automated decision will be made in individual cases as defined by article 22 of the GDPR, which means that the decision about your application is not based on automated processing.
 
To help us improve our privacy policies, please give us your feedback, comments and suggestions.
