
    This cookie and privacy policy sets out how the Canal & River Trust family of websites ("Canal & River Trust", "we", "us" or "our") handles the data which identifies users of its website ("user", "you", "your"). This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions, of which this Privacy Policy forms part. The registered address of the Canal & River Trust is Canal & River Trust, First Floor North, Station House, 500 Elder Gate, Milton Keynes, MK9 1BB.
    

If you have any concerns regarding our Cookie and Privacy Policy then you can contact us either by writing to us at Canal & River Trust, First Floor North, Station House, 500 Elder Gate, Milton Keynes, MK9 1BB, emailing us at customer.services@canalrivertrust.org.uk or telephoning us on 0303 040 4040. You can also use these contact details if you wish to request from Canal & River Trust a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. Please note that we are entitled to charge you a small sum of money for supplying such information. Canal & River Trust complies with the requirements set out in the Data Protection Act 1998. You can obtain further information about the Data Protection Act 1998 by visiting the Information Commissioner's website at www.ico.gov.uk.
Information collection and use
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:

Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit, entry & exit points and number of page views)
Information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including name, company, job title, email, address, telephone & mobile number)
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters (including opens, clicks, preference information, email and other contact information)
Any other information that you choose to send to us

You do not have to give us any personal information in order to use most of the website. However, in order to use certain functions on the website or receive certain information from us, you must register and provide information about yourself.
This information enables us to provide you with information in which you have expressed an interest. We may use your information to contact you either to fulfil a specific request or to verify any information supplied by you. We will only contact you on unrelated matters if you consent to us doing so when you register. You may withdraw this consent by following the instructions at the bottom of each email communication or by using a self-service facility if available.
Cookies
We use small files known as “cookies” to enhance your experience of our websites as follows: cookies are small text files that are set on your computer if you use specific facilities on our websites to help us recognise you or your preferences every time you visit our websites. Through being able to recognise you we are able to provide you with information that's tailored to your preferences.
Most web browsers accept cookies by default but you can change your browser settings to choose not to receive them. You can learn about cookies, how to view what cookies have been set on your computer and how you can manage them at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/.
You may also delete existing cookies such as the ones used by our websites. If you set your browser to reject cookies, you may still use our websites, however certain features may not function correctly, an example being the Login facility.
How we use cookies
Author: GoogleCookie name: _utma _utmb _utmc _utmzUsage: We use Google Analytics to help identify popular areas of a website, trends, where we might need to improve speed or performance in some way and where our visitors have come from and how they found us. These cookies have varied lifetimes, some might be set to exist for over a year. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form i.e we cannot tie a particular visitor journey to a name or email.More info: You can understand more about these cookies via Google's own site
Author: Canal & River TrustCookie name: PHPSESSIDUsage: This cookie may or may not be set for the lifetime of your visit to a Canal & River Trust website. It allows us to associate information you save or preferences you set during your visit to the website. It has a maximum lifetime of one hour after you leave the website.More info: www.php.net
Author: OptimizelyCookie name: OptimizelyBuckets, optimizelyEndUserId, optimizelySegmentsUsage: We use Optimizely cookies to A/B test our site. This information allows us to optimise our website to provide the best possible user experience. All information is anonymous. These cookies do not identify you as an individual.More info: http://optimizely.com
Author: DotmailerCookie name: Web InsightsUsage: We use web insights to track email subscriber behaviour, collecting information such as: pages viewed, duration of views, browser used, IP address and analytics tracking information. More info: https://support.dotmailer.com/hc/en-gb/articles/212214608-Introducing-WebInsight#widata
Author: VariousCookie name: Advertising/behavioural cookiesUseage: We have relationships with carefully-selected suppliers who may set cookies to collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. The data contained in the cookie is anonymous and doesn't contain any of your personal details. These cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. A guide to behavioural advertising and online privacy has been produced by the internet advertising industry.More info: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/. The guide contains an explanation of the IAB's self-regulatory scheme to allow you greater control of the advertising you see. 
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
YouTube
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Sharing information
We will not sell, share or rent your information to a third party other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may provide to third parties non-specific aggregated demographic information such as encrypted database lists, website visitor totals and the average length of website visits.
This information is not linked to any personally-identifiable information. Your data would only ever be analysed or profiled through encrypted and protected data, which only identifies broad statistics. This enables us to create efficiencies in marketing, such as tailoring messaging to our existing customers, potential customers and supporters across the Trust.
We may share your information with our subsidiaries and the other companies in the Canal & River Trust's group and also, with our suppliers and agents relating to the website you are visiting, but only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
If all of the assets which Canal & River Trust uses to operate its business (or substantially all of them) are acquired by a third party, or are transferred by statute, we may transfer your information to that party.
Finally, Canal & River Trust reserves the right to disclose any personal information to a third party where there is a legal duty or requirement to do so.
Third party websites
The website may refer to or contain links to other websites. Please note that each company, organisation or public body operates its own policy regarding the use of personal information and cookies. If you have a particular interest in, or concern regarding the way this will be used then you are advised to read the policy on the relevant website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites and this Privacy Policy applies solely to the personal information collected by Canal & River Trust.
Security
Canal & River Trust takes every precaution to protect your information. When users submit personal information to one of the websites, this information is protected both on-line and off-line. However, it remains your responsibility to protect any passwords and protect against unauthorised access.
Amending / updating personal data
If a user's personal information is incorrect or requires updating, we will amend or delete that information as necessary, upon request. In order to make such a request, you can contact us either by writing to us at Canal & River Trust, First Floor North, Station House, 500 Elder Gate, Milton Keynes, MK9 1BB, emailing us at: customer.services@canalrivertrust.org.uk or telephoning us on 0303 040 4040.  If the website offers a self-service facility, you can use that too.
Place of processing
All personal information or data which is held by Canal & River Trust is held on and processed by computers situated in the European Economic Area.
Changes to this policy
We keep this Privacy Policy under regular review and any changes shall be posted on this page.  This policy was last updated on 21st May 2012.
 

