
    The Canal & River Trust is a registered charity formed in 2012 to care for 2,000 miles of historic inland waterways across England and Wales. Our vision is for living waterways that transform places and enrich lives.
    

We are committed to protecting the privacy of all those individuals about whom we hold and use personal information (information, or a combination of pieces of information, that could reasonably allow you, as a living individual, to be identified). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, manage and use the personal data of all those individuals.
We may change this Privacy Policy (or the individual Privacy Schedules below) from time to time to ensure it reflects current legislation without notice to you, so please do check it regularly.
Your Personal Information
The Trust needs to collect and use personal information about a range of individual people that it interacts with. By providing information to us (either in person, by letter, phone or email), those individuals agree to the processing set out in the relevant Privacy Schedules set out below.
The Trust acts as a data controller in respect of the personal data we process. Our Data Protection Officer is Tom Deards, Head of Legal and Governance Services and he can be contacted by emailing information.request@canalrivertrust.org.uk.
Privacy Schedules
Privacy Schedule for Supporters
Please see our privacy schedule for supporters which provides detail on how we collect, use and share personal information of the Trust’s supporters (including Trust Friends, donors, legacy supporters and others who have responded to our mailings, campaigns or competitions).
Privacy Schedule for Volunteers
Please see our privacy schedule for volunteers which provides detail on how we collect, use and share personal information of the Trust’s volunteers.
Privacy Schedule for Governance Participants and Local Stakeholders
Please see our privacy schedule for governance participants and local stakeholders which provides detail on how we collect, use and share personal information of the Trust’s governance stakeholders (including national and regional governance volunteers and local user group participants).
Privacy Schedule for Customers
Please see our privacy schedule for customers which provides detail on how we collect, use and share personal information of the Trust’s customers (including boating, mooring, angling customers and visitors to our museums, shops and other attractions).
Privacy schedule for employees
Please see our privacy schedule for employees which provides detail on how we collect, use and share personal information of the Trust’s employees.
Privacy schedule for use of cookies
Please see our cookie privacy schedule which provides details, how we collect, use and share personal information by using cookies on the Trust's websites.
Privacy schedule for applicants
Please see our privacy schedule for applicants which provides details on how we collect, use and share personal information of the Trust's applicants.
Where your information is stored and for how long
We have measures in place to protect the security of all personal information that we hold and keep it confidential. We review these measures regularly to make sure they remain appropriate.
When sharing personal information with a third party, we will make sure that they also have measures in place to protect it and keep it confidential and agree to use the personal information only for the purposes we set out.
We will only keep personal information for as long as we need it in order to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected and for so long as we consider may be required to deal with any questions or complaints that we may receive about our relevant activities, unless we elect to retain the personal data for a longer period to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
We review the personal data we hold on a regular basis. If we conclude that certain personal data is no longer needed, that personal data will be destroyed.
International Transfers of Personal Data
From time to time, the people or organisations with whom we share personal data may request that we transfer personal data to their operations outside the UK. On a case-by-case basis, we may agree to such transfer of personal data to operations in other EU countries and/or to countries which have data protection laws deemed acceptable by the EU. For other countries, we will only agree to such transfers of personal data where we are satisfied that the personal data will be sufficiently protected through measures such as the EU approved standard contractual clauses in place between the data exporter and the data importer. Any standard contractual clauses which we put in place of export of the personal data will be available from us on request.
Automated Decision Making
We do not envisage that any decision will be taken about any individual using automated means. In the event that this position changes we will update this Privacy Policy and notify those individuals.
Your Rights

Anyone has the right to see the personal data that is held about them and have a copy provided to them, or someone else on their behalf.


If at any point anyone believes that the personal data we hold about them is inaccurate, that person can ask to have it corrected.


Anyone can require the Trust to limit the processing of their personal data in certain circumstances, for example, whilst a complaint about its accuracy is being resolved.


Anyone can object to their personal data being processed.


Where someone has given us their consent to process their personal data, they can withdraw that consent at any time by notifying us (see “Who to contact about your personal data” below).


Anyone can request that their personal data is deleted altogether.


In some circumstances, there is a right to have your information provided in a machine- readable format to ensure the portability of your personal data to other service providers.

It should be noted that taking any of these steps could impact upon our ability to continue our relationship with you, the provision of our services to you and our ability to answer questions relating to our services to you. Please note some of above rights are dependent on the legal basis for processing.
Personal information will generally be provided free of charge, although the Trust can charge a reasonable fee in certain circumstances.
Who to Contact About Your Personal Data
If you wish to see your personal data, exercise any of the rights mentioned above or make a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, please email information.request@canalrivertrust.org.uk.
We encourage you to let us know if your personal information changes or if you think the personal information we hold about you is out of date.
Making a Complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you are not satisfied with our response to any query you raise with us, or you believe we are processing your personal data in a way which is inconsistent with the law, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk
Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is the latest version as at May 2018. This notice will be updated from time to time and you can request to see the current version any time by emailing customer.services@canalrivertrust.org.uk
Should any significant changes be made to this notice in the future, a revised copy will be put on the Trust’s website.

