

Privacy Policy
In handling the personal information of its customers in business operations, the Lion Group makes every effort to protect personal information through appropriate management based on internal rules. We highly value the dignity of individuals and the utility of information while strictly observing laws and social norms. 
1. Strict Observation of Laws and Regulations and Continuous Improvement of the Management Structure

The Lion Group strictly observes laws and regulations related to personal information, and updates its internal systems and rules to protect personal information. While effectively administering personal information, we strive to continuously improve our information management structure.

2. Acquisition and Use of Personal Information 

When acquiring personal information, the Lion Group clearly states the purpose of obtaining the information and the scope of its usage in business activities. With the prior permission of customers, we appropriately and fairly acquire and use personal information within the limitations of the purpose for obtaining the information. 

We do not share the personal information of our customers with third parties unless we have received permission from the customer in advance, or there are special legal or other justifiable reasons for doing so. 
3. Ensuring the Accuracy and Security of Personal Information 

To ensure the accuracy and security of personal information, the Lion Group makes every effort to maintain accuracy and update personal information. At the same time, the Lion Group strives to protect personal information by implementing appropriate and reasonable security measures to counter the risk of illegal access, loss, destruction, alteration, and leakage of information. 
4. Responding to Customer Requests 

When receiving a request from a customer about their personal information, the Lion Group promptly confirms the identity of the individual and responds appropriately to their request. 


Established April 1, 2005
Lion Corporation

For Inquires About Personal Information

Lion Corporation Consumer Service Center
Telephone: (+81)-3-3621-6611



Handing of Personal Information
Lion Corporation (hereinafter, “Lion”) strives to appropriately manage and protect personal information, including that of its customers, trading partners, shareholders and employees (hereinafter, “persons concerned”), in line with its Privacy Policy. Specifically, Lion handles personal information as described below. 
1. Notification of Acquisition and Purposes of Use of Personal Information

When Lion requests personal information, it shall provide prior notification of the purpose of use of the information and whether or not the information will be shared with third parties.
Listed below are types of personal information and the corresponding purposes for which they may be used.




Type of personal information
Purposes




Information provided through the Lion website
Provision of information to registered website users 
  Product and service development and the provision of related information
  Other purposes for which Lion has received individual consent


Information provided as part of prize giveaways or other promotional campaigns
Sending prizes, etc.
  Product and service development and the provision of related information
  Other purposes for which Lion has received individual consent


Information received through the direct-to-consumer sales business
Product shipment and billing
  Responding to inquiries
  Product and service development and the provision of related information


Information provided to the Consumer Service Center
Responding to inquiries 
  Surveys, such as those regarding inquiry response satisfaction or Lion products and services

    Product and service development and the provision of related information


Information about trading partners
Management related to Lion's trading partners and sales activities


Information about shareholders
Shareholder-related operations, such as the opening and running of the Shareholders Meeting and sending shareholder benefits



2. Personal Information Management

Lion shall manage personal information it has received from persons concerned in accordance with related laws and standards as well as its internal rules.
Lion shall take proper and reasonable safety measures to prevent the illegal access, loss, destruction, alteration or leakage of personal information. In the event that such an event should occur, Lion shall quickly take corrective measures.
3. Personal Information Use

Lion shall not use personal information it has received from persons concerned for purposes other than those it has provided prior notification of in accordance with 1., above.
Should Lion use personal information for purposes other than those for which it has given prior notification, or should the nature of the stated purposes itself change, Lion must give prior notice to the persons concerned.
Furthermore, information that has become unnecessary in light of Lion's purposes of use shall be quickly and appropriately deleted or destroyed. 
4. Disclosure and Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties
Lion shall not disclose or provide personal information to third parties, except under the following conditions.
The persons concerned have given permission
Lion outsources operations related to the handling of personal information in whole or in part (in such cases, Lion shall properly supervise the contractor, including such measures as forming contracts related to the protection of personal information)
Information is disclosed or provided in a form in which the individual identities of persons concerned cannot be discerned, such as statistical data
Lion is compelled by law to disclose or provide personal information
It is necessary to protect human life, physical safety or property, and the persons concerned cannot be reached to obtain their prior permission
Lion is compelled to cooperate with governmental or other public entities in the execution of their duties and obtaining permission from the persons involved could impede said execution.

5. Shared Use of Personal Information
Lion engages in the shared use of personal data with the following companies as laid out below.


As of July 21, 2011


Items of personal data subject to shared use

Names, addresses and telephone numbers of customers as well as information provided to the Consumer Service Center by customers


Companies with which Lion engages in shared use
Lion Trading Co., Ltd. 
  Lion Dental Products Co., Ltd.
  Lion Hygiene Co., Ltd.
  Lion Field Marketing Co., Ltd.
issua Co., Ltd.


Purpose of use
Responding to customer inquiries


Party responsible for management of personal information
Lion Corporation 


6. Types and Purposes of Use of Retained Personal Data Retained by Lion
Lion manages the following types of personal information as retained personal data.


As of May 10, 2016



Type of personal data
Purposes




Membership information of Lion’s websites
Provision of website services


Registers of customer contest and campaign winners
To send prizes or gifts


External product evaluation surveys  and consent forms
  
Evaluation of the use of relevant products


Customer lists for the direct-to-consumer business
Direct-to-consumer business operations 


Customer consultation information
Responding to inquiries, such as those related to products, and sending documents or replacement products 
Surveys, such as those regarding inquiry response satisfaction or Lion products and services


Registers of research and industrial associations
Business communications


Registers of and other information regarding trading partners
Business communication, negotiation, consultation, placing or receiving orders, or billing operations with trading partners


Shareholder registers
Contacting shareholders regarding shareholder-related operations


Lists of job applicants
Hiring


Information on the families or other parties of relevance to Lion employees
Personnel administration of Lion employees


Registers of retirees
To send newsletters and other communications



 7.	Disclosure

If persons concerned request the disclosure of retained personal data pertaining to themselves as listed above in 6., after verifying their identity, Lion shall respond to such requests within a reasonable time period and scope. 
However, Lion will not disclose such data in the circumstances described below. When Lion decides to not disclose such data, it shall notify the requester of its decision and the reason for the decision.

Lion cannot confirm that the requester is the person that the retained personal data concerns
Lion cannot confirm the right of representation claimed by a representative seeking to submit the request on behalf of the persons concerned
The request form is incompletely or incorrectly filled out, or the request has not been made in accordance with the methods described in 10., below
The information subject to the request for disclosure is not classified as retained personal data
Disclosure could cause harm to the life, safety or property, or otherwise infringe the rights of the persons concerned or a third party
Disclosure could cause significant impediment to the proper execution of Lion's business
Disclosure would violate other laws or regulations
Any other circumstances in which Lion is not obligated to disclose the data under the Act on the Protection of Personal Information 



8.	Corrections and Deletions

If persons concerned request corrections, additions or deletions (hereinafter “amendments”) to retained personal data pertaining to themselves as listed above in 6., after verifying their identity, Lion shall respond to such requests within a reasonable time period and scope. 
However, Lion will not amend such data under the following circumstances. When Lion decides to not amend such data, it shall notify the requester of its decision and the reason for the decision.

Lion cannot confirm that the requester is the person that the retained personal data concerns
Lion cannot confirm the right of representation claimed by a representative seeking to submit the request on behalf of the persons concerned
The request form is incompletely or incorrectly filled out, or the request has not been made in accordance with the methods described in 10., below
The information subject to the request for amendment is not classified as retained personal data
Amendment is not necessary in light of the purpose for which the data was obtained, or the claim that the data is incorrect is mistaken
Any other circumstances in which Lion is not obligated to amend the data under the Personal Information Protection Law



9. Suspension of Use and Elimination

If persons concerned request the suspension of use or elimination (hereinafter, “cessation of use”) of part or all of the retained personal data pertaining to themselves listed above in 6., after verifying their identity, Lion shall cease to use it within a reasonable time period and scope. 
Please understand that if Lion ceases to use part or all of said data, Lion may no longer be able to provide requested services to the persons concerned. 
Furthermore, Lion will not cease to use such data under the following circumstances. When Lion decides to not cease use of such data, it shall notify the requester of its decision and the reason for the decision.

Lion cannot confirm that the requester is the person that the retained personal data concerns
Lion cannot confirm the right of representation claimed by a representative seeking to submit the request on behalf of the persons concerned
The request form is incompletely or incorrectly filled out, or the request has not been made in accordance with the methods described in 10., below
The information subject to the request for cessation of use does not fall under retained personal data
The reason for the request for cessation of use is not one of the following

Information is being used for purposes other than those for which it was obtained
Information was obtained improperly
Restrictions on provision to third parties have been violated


The facts related to the reason given for the request for cessation of use are not found to be correct
Lion is obligated by law to retain the information 
Any other circumstances in which Lion is not obligated to cease use of the data under the Personal Information Protection Law

10. Methods of Receiving Requests and Contact
Lion shall receive requests as described above in 7., 8. and 9. as well as other inquiries related to personal information via the methods described below. Please understand that Lion may not be able to respond to requests or inquiries not made in accordance with these methods.
(1)	Reception contact points
Please contact the reception points listed below either in person or by registered letter. (Persons concerned are responsible for postage. Please note that Lion cannot accept requests via telephone, email, fax or other means other than those given above. However, Lion does accept inquiries regarding personal information other than those described above in 7., 8. and 9. over the phone.)

＜Contact Point for Customers and Trading Partners＞
＜Contact Point for Shareholders＞

*Service hours are 9 am to 5 pm on weekdays

(2)Documents required for requests described in 7., 8. and 9., above.
a.	When visiting the above addresses in person

One piece of government-issued photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport (a health insurance card may be used by those who have no such photo ID)
One request form, as specified by Lion, with the necessary fields filled in
An envelope and postage stamps for an ordinary registered letter (¥500) for Lion to use when responding in writing

b.	When contacting by post

One copy of a government-issued photo ID, such as a driver’s license or of the picture identification page of a passport (a copy of a health insurance card may be used by those who have no such photo ID)
One copy of a certificate of residence
One request form, as specified by Lion, with the necessary fields filled in
An envelope and postage stamps for an ordinary registered letter (¥500) for Lion to use when sending documents to verify your identity
An envelope and postage stamps for an ordinary registered letter (¥500) for Lion to use when responding in writing

(3)	When making a request as described above in 7., 8. or 9. as a representative acting on behalf of another, in addition to the documents listed under (2) a. or b., above, the following (a. or b.) are required.
a.	Requests made by the legal representative of a minor or adult ward

One document proving legal representative status (family register, certificate of registered matters, or other evidence of qualifications)
One copy of the legal representative’s government-issued photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport (a copy of a health insurance card may be used by those who have no such photo ID)

b.	Requests made by a representative acting as proxy for the person concerned

One letter of proxy stamped with the seal of the person concerned
One seal registration certificate of the person concerned
One copy of the representative’s government-issued photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport (a copy of a health insurance card may be used by those who have no such photo ID)

(4)	Method for confirming the identity of persons making requests or inquires by post

When inquiring by post, please always use registered mail.
After confirming the contents of the inquiry and request form, Lion will send an identity confirmation letter by registered mail to the address given on the certificate of residence received (or, for requests filed by representatives, to the address of the representative given on the request form). Once Lion has confirmed that the request or inquiry was sent by the person concerned or their representative, it will respond to the content of the request or inquiry.
(5)	Fees
Lion does not charge fees for personal information-related requests or inquiries. However, Lion requests that those making requests or inquiries bear the expense of the envelopes and registered mail postage necessary for confirming the requester's identity and responding (see (2), above, for details). 
(6)Method of Response
Lion will respond in writing.
(7)	Purposes of use of personal information obtained through requests and inquiries
Lion will use personal information obtained through requests as described in 7., 8. and 9., above, or other inquiries related to personal information within the scope necessary to respond to said request or inquiry.
 
Personal Information Inquiry and Request Form (PDF: 12 KB) (Available in Japanese only)
11. Authorized Personal Information Protection Organizations to Which Lion Belongs

Lion is covered by the Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers' Associations of Japan, a personal information protection organization authorized by the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare.
The Federation receives complaints and consultations regarding the handling of personal information of the businesses it covers.

Established April 1, 2005
Amended April 2, 2013
Amended May 11, 2016

Chief Privacy Officer (CPO)
Lion Corporation



